Stay Connected Latest Posts in RSS 2010 2012 ICC Twenty20 20th Anniversary Action Analysis Animal Care Appreciations Aravinda's Column Around The World Article 14 Arts Aunty Pat Balderdash Banking & Finance Bites Blogs Breaking News Breaking News Budget 2012 Budget 2015 BUDGET DESK Business Business Cartoon CLARIFICATION Classifieds Column on 12 Columns Comments Commercials Corruption Cricket crime Democracy Devil in a blue dress Discussed Dr. DJ E paper Economy Editor's Pick Editorial Education Election Elections Elections 2013 Entertainment Environment Events Expose Eye Open Faraz Shauketaly Fashion Feature Business Feature Entertainment Feature Sports Featured Featured Features Featured News Features Features Flood Situation Focus Food Forum @ The Leader General Guest Column Health Health HOUSE & PROPERTY Humour In In Memoriam Inside Politics Inside Story Insight Insurance Interviews Investigation Issues Kitten With A Whip Kottu Lead LEASING Letters Life Marvan's Column Minding The Gap News Nutshell Nutshell On The Spot OP-ED Opinion OPINION Parliament Paththarakaraya Perambara Photo Pictorial Pictures Politics Politics & Governance Polls Popular Pot Shots Print Edition Additional story 1 Print Edition Additional story 2 Print Edition Additional story 3 Probe Reflection Religion Rememberance Renaissance Man REVIEW Right To Reply Rugby Samat On Sunday serendipity Special Report Special Supplement Sports Sports Spotlight Spotlight on Aspirations Statement Strategic Focus Sunday Politics Supplement Supplement - Education Swimming technology Temple Trees Tennis The Invisible Hand The Presidency The week that was Travel Travel Tribute Video Video View From The Box Viewpoint Viewpoint Wedding Bell Weekend Leader WikiLeak women World World Affairs Yarl Special Latest Comments in RSS Follow us on Twitter Connect on Facebook / Home News Investigation Politics Opinion Features Photo Interviews Issues Travel World Business Weekend Leader Sports ABOUT US CONTACT US ARCHIVES COMMENTS Assassin’s Creed By Gopitha Kiribandara Directed by Justin Kurzel, Assassin’s Creed is the latest video-game-turned-film-project to hit the market. The credits do boast of a super line up with Fassbender, Marion Cotillard, Jeremy Irons, Brendan Gleeson, Charlotte Rampling, Ariane Labed and Michael K. Williams… but the culmination leaves a few things to be desired. Tortured by the death of his mother Callum Lynch (Michael Fassbender) has spent the last 30 years running away from his nightmares; he has led a life a of crime, and finally his sins catch up he finds himself on the death row, charged with the murder of a man who tried to mug him. Callum is strapped to the seat and administered a lethal dose, but he wakes up one fine morning completely free from his shackles to find out that he had been given a second chance at life… at a price. Callum’s saviour is none other than Alan Rikkin (irons) the ‘visionary’ CEO of Absetrgo Industries, which is actually the modern day embodiment of the Templar order. Rikkin hires Lynch to enter an experimental research project called the Animus project to locate the Apple of Eden created by an ancient civilization; the Apple contains the genetic codes for free will and the magnanimous  Rikkin believes that it will help eradicate a virus that is plaguing mankind. The company’s head scientist Sophia Rikkin (Alan’s daughter) reveals that Lynch is in fact a descendent of Aguilar (also played by Fassbender) and she hooks him up with a machine to revive Aguilar’s memories in order to locate the Apple. The plot moves with many twists and turns as we are made aware of the façade maintained by Abstergo Industries, but underneath the layers of marketing brilliance lies a very ordinary, albeit hackneyed theme of an unlikely hero fighting for justice. The movie is somewhat theatrical in its approach and yet we feel a sense of ‘been there seen that’ with it; the actions sequences are well shot, but appear too much like the Matrix trilogy. The director appears to have tried to please a majority of the audience, and as a result the film has lost a sense of individuality. The art direction is stunning however, and the audience will find it easier to immerse themselves in the ‘period’ tone of the movie. The characters are fairly commonplace; Fassbender and co. do justice to their roles but their performances are largely hindered by the lacklustre script. In a movie that thrives on past occurrences, we learn very little of the characters themselves. Fassbender gets the most screen space as Callum and Aguilar, with very little to separate them one from the other. Callum is perhaps the more selfish of the two characters as he has committed murder for personal gain, whereas Aguilar committed crimes for the benefit of all humanity. Nonetheless Fassbender plays both with a sense of brooding tension – there is something very Shakespearean about his approach to characterisation. He is effective but unable to give a truly nuanced performance due to the limitations of the script. Cotillard is refreshing (as always) as Sophia. Her character is best written out of all, and the actress embodies the grey area of Sophia’s personality with much class. The ensemble cast delivers well, although some of them are wasted in their roles. Assassin’s Creed is a movie that contains much that is good and bad; it is well directed and the CGI graphics are breathtaking… but the movie suffers from a lack of originality. Nonetheless it is a film that can be enjoyed, if only for the action sequences and characterisation. Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Photo Gallery Home News Investigation Politics Opinion Features Business Weekend Leader Sports Home News Politics Business Sports In Features Video Photo Log in | Designed by Gabfire themes
World Exploration Science Shows Videos Discovernator Follow us World Exploration Science Shows Videos History Global Issues Politics Three Tons of Victorian Ketchup and Condiment Bottles Found in London Dozens of Tombs and Mysterious Crocodile Remains Found in Egypt This Secret Feature Kept Ancient Roman Chariots From Crashing Tiny Shrews Reveal Big Changes in the Arctic Will Trump Go After Vaccine Science? Why Hospitals Hire People To Fake Being Sick The Fight For An Independent Bavaria 2017's Most Powerful Passports What Does The World Bank Actually Do? Adventure Ideas Culture Montana Tourism Creepy Underwater Sculptures Warn of Future Eco Disasters Insane Video Showcases Alaskan Backcountry Kite-Skiing How to Take a Three-Month Round-the-World Vacation for (Almost) Free We're Closer to Solving Mystery of the 'Missing Element' in Earth's Core Predict Their Card With An Open Flame How to Take a Three-Month Round-the-World Vacation for (Almost) Free A Lightsaber Vigil in Seattle Will Honor Carrie Fisher Our Connection to Ancient Humans Deepened in 2016 This Artist 'Geocached' His Works in Central Park for Others to Find The Incredible Beauty of Montana Glacier National Park is Awesome An Epic Adventure in Glacier National Park Animals Tech Space Human Earth The Age of Aerospace Tiny Shrews Reveal Big Changes in the Arctic Ringling Bros. Circus Closing Show After 146 Years High-Speed Video Shows Rattlesnake’s Deadly Strike in Action Brain-Sensing Shades Could Help Relieve Your Stress Skydive From Your Chair With Google's New Street View Body-Pierced Gadget Turns You Into a Human Compass SpaceX Makes Spectacular Return to Flight, Launching 10 Satellites Into Orbit 'Planet Nine' Could Be an Alien Intruder SpaceX Aims to Launch Falcon 9 Rocket: 'We Are Very Ready' A Pee Test Can Tell You If Your Diet Is Healthy or Not Playing an Instrument Could Improve Reaction Time as You Age Will Trump Go After Vaccine Science? Tiny Shrews Reveal Big Changes in the Arctic Alien Glow: Brilliant Light Pillars Appear Over Ontario European Astronaut Captures Incredible Views of Our Beautiful Planet Chapter 1: The Startup Chapter 2: Moving the Mail Chapter 3: Moving People Earth Tech History Human Animals Space Shark Feed Tiny Shrews Reveal Big Changes in the Arctic Creepy Underwater Sculptures Warn of Future Eco Disasters Alien Glow: Brilliant Light Pillars Appear Over Ontario Brain-Sensing Shades Could Help Relieve Your Stress Skydive From Your Chair With Google's New Street View Body-Pierced Gadget Turns You Into a Human Compass Ringling Bros. Circus Closing Show After 146 Years Three Tons of Victorian Ketchup and Condiment Bottles Found in London Dozens of Tombs and Mysterious Crocodile Remains Found in Egypt Could Space Travel Make You Go Blind? Brain-Sensing Shades Could Help Relieve Your Stress Can You Guess Which Animals Fart (Or Don't)? Tiny Shrews Reveal Big Changes in the Arctic Ringling Bros. Circus Closing Show After 146 Years High-Speed Video Shows Rattlesnake’s Deadly Strike in Action SpaceX Makes Spectacular Return to Flight, Launching 10 Satellites Into Orbit 'Planet Nine' Could Be an Alien Intruder SpaceX Aims to Launch Falcon 9 Rocket: 'We Are Very Ready' Megalodon Met Its Demise When Its Prey Went Extinct Amazon's Drones, Robots and Blimps Are Shaping the Future of E-Commerce Cage Diver Calls Sharks Beautiful, Despite Close Call Seeker Daily DNews Seeker Stories DNews Plus Shots of Awe View all The Fight For An Independent Bavaria 2017's Most Powerful Passports What Does The World Bank Actually Do? Could Space Travel Make You Go Blind? Can You Guess Which Animals Fart (Or Don't)? What Happens When Galaxies Die? Why Hospitals Hire People To Fake Being Sick Hiking Through Tragedy On The Pacific Crest Trail This Couple Lives In A Bus To Escape Chicago's High Cost Of Living Are We Really Running Out Of Drinking Water? How Much Fluoride Should Be In Your Water? There's a LOT of Hidden Stuff in Your Water Practice Gratitude, Learn To Say Thank You Can Virtual Reality Enhance Our Reality? What Is Brain Coupling? Tech Jan 5, 2017 07:01 AM ET Family Sues Apple, Alleging Its Role in a Fatal Crash The suit charges that patented Apple technology could have prevented the crash, in which an iPhone-distracted driver killed their daughter. ThinkStock The family of a girl who died in a car crash is suing Apple in a Santa Clara County court, alleging the crash was caused by a driver who was distracted by a FaceTime call on his iPhone. On Dec. 24, 2014, the the Modisette family was stuck in traffic on Interstate 35W in Texas when their vehicle was struck from behind by Garrett Wilhelm's Toyota 4Runner SUV at 65 mph. All four family members were seriously hurt and their five-year-old daughter Moriah later died in the hospital from her injuries. When Texas highway patrol arrived at the scene of the crash, they found Wilhelm's iPhone still connected to a FaceTime call. Wilhelm, 22, has been charged with manslaughter, but the Modisettes have also chosen to seek damages from Apple for what they believe was their part in the crash. RELATED: Texting Blocks Brain's 'Sixth' Sense While Driving The family filed a lawsuit based on a patent the company filed in 2008 for technology that can lock a cell phone when sensors detect the owner's vehicle is in motion. Apple has yet to actually install the safety feature in any of their iPhones. A portion of the patent reads: "Texting while driving has become a major concern of parents, law enforcement, and the general public. An April 2006 study found that 80 percent of auto accidents are caused by distractions such as applying makeup, eating, and text messaging on handheld computing devices. According to the Liberty Mutual Research Institute for Safety and Students Against Destruction Decisions, teens report that texting is their number one distraction while driving. Teens understand that texting while driving is dangerous, but this is often not enough motivation to end the practice. The lock-out mechanisms disable the ability of a handheld computing device to perform certain functions, such as texting, while one is driving." The Modisettes claim that Apple's failure to install their patented technology constitutes gross negligence. Patent law does not require the patent's owner to incorporate the technology into a product and sell it. "Patent law is an incentive for inventing, not for creating product that reaches the public," said Amy Landers, professor of law and director of the Intellectual Property Law Program at Drexel University's Kline School of Law. "In fact, there are thousands of patents issued that have never found their way into any commercial product." Landers also points out that negligence law, as opposed to patent law, raises a different question in this scenario, "Did Apple act unreasonably by failing to implement the measure, and ignore knowable risks in doing so?" she commented. "In many cases, that's a question for a jury. Certainly, the driver who caused this horrific event was, it would appear, the primary cause of the accident." In 2015, 38,000 people died in motor vehicle crashes in the U.S., and 26 percent of those accidents were caused by distracted driving, according to the National Safety Council. About 330,000 people are injured each year due to texting and driving. Many people believe that using a hands-free device in the car is legitimately safe, but these technologies are more often about convenience than safety. RELATED: Uber Testing Self-Driving Cars in Pittsburgh Several third-party tools are currently available that will lock your smartphone when your vehicle is in motion. One such device, Groove, invented by rocket scientist Scott Tibbitts, only allows navigation and listening to music while driving. Tibbitts was inspired to work on Groove after he went to meet with the vice president of an engineering company back in 2008, but the VP never arrived. He was killed in a car crash on his way to the meeting by a driver who was distracted by his phone. Tibbitts was profoundly affected by the incident, which he said was "both mindless and tragic." There are 46 states that currently ban texting while driving, according to the Governors Highway Safety Association, but no state in the country prohibits all cell phone use while driving. Devices like Groove are trying to make it easier for the public to change their habits, but implementation is slow. While the circumstances of the Modisette family's lawsuit are devastating, they likely face an uphill battle. "This is a terrible event, certainly, yet it is difficult to say clearly who would win or lose," Landers remarked. "Overall, negligence is a very fact-intensive claim to bring," she added. "Until some documents are produced and some witnesses questioned, it's going to be very difficult to predict the outcome here." WATCH: How Texting Affects Your Brain Related Articles Family Sues Apple, Claiming FaceTime Distracted Driver in Crash ... › Family Sues Apple Over FaceTime's Role In Fatal Car Crash › tech apps iphone MUST WATCH THE MUST reads Megalodon Met Its Demise When Its Prey Went Extinct 2017 Could Be the Year California’s Drought Comes to an End Here's Why Uber Is Fighting a Push for More Driver Fingerprinting Feed Your Babies Peanuts, New Guidelines Say Forget the Shovel, Ancient Finds Now Made From Space MORE amazing stories World Exploration Science Shows Videos Discovery Digital Networks Animalist DeFranco Network DNews Revision3 Seeker SourceFed Corporate About Us Discovery Communications Viewer Relations Advertising Careers @ Discovery Privacy Policy Online Closed Captioning Visitor Agreement Copyright © 2016 Discovery Communications, LLC. The Leader in Global Entertainment
Thanks for checking out our new design, please let us know if you have feedback SFist is a website about San Francisco View Pretty | Blog Arts & Entertainment Food News Popular Advertising Contact Newsletter RSS Feed Staff Our Cities Chicago London Los Angeles New York City San Francisco Shanghai Toronto Washington DC Apple Bows To Chinese Pressure And Pulls NYTimes From App Store by Jack Morse in News on Jan 5, 2017 1:50 pm Photo of two Beijing women checking a smartphone by Kevin Frayer via Getty. Chinese Apple customers looking to download the New York Times app through the tech giant's App Store are out of luck, as the company has pulled the news app at the request of the Chinese government. The New York Times reports that the removal came just as the Times was gearing up to publish a detailed investigative report into the Chinese government's massive subsidies to Foxconn — the company that manufactures iPhones in China. The removal went into effect on December 23, and prevented anyone in mainland China from downloading the app from that point on. Both the English language and Chinese language versions were removed. Those who already had the app on their phone will still be able to access the content, but will be unable to get updates. Apple officials are remaining mostly mum on the decision, only saying that they were told the app violated unspecified regulations. “For some time now the New York Times app has not been permitted to display content to most users in China and we have been informed that the app is in violation of local regulations,” Apple spokesman Fred Sainz told the Times. “As a result, the app must be taken down off the China App Store. When this situation changes, the App Store will once again offer the New York Times app for download in China." Interestingly, the Wall Street Journal and The Financial Times apps still remain available for download in China. The New York Times website itself is blocked by Chinese censors, and the app had remained as one of the few ways to read the paper without using VPNs or Tor. “The request by the Chinese authorities to remove our apps is part of their wider attempt to prevent readers in China from accessing independent news coverage by The New York Times of that country, coverage which is no different from the journalism we do about every other country in the world,” Times spokesperson Eileen Murphy said in a statement. Although unconfirmed, it is believed the order to pull the app came under the authority of the recently passed Provisions on the Administration of Mobile Internet Application Information Services. According to the 2016 Chinese regulations, apps cannot "engage in activities prohibited by laws and regulations such as endangering national security, disrupting social order and violating the legitimate rights and interests of others." How the New York Times app might have specifically violated this rule is unclear, and Apple is not saying — a worrying sign for media outlets trying to do business in China. This is not the first time that a Bay Area-based tech company has dabbled in censorship. In November, the Times reported that Facebook had developed a censorship tool — as a potential way to improve relations with the Chinese government — that would allow officials to prevent specific posts from showing up in users' feeds based on location data. Related: The Chinese Are Totally Building Knock-Off Apple Stores Now Contact the author of this article or email tips@sfist.com with further questions, comments or tips. twitter facebook reddit print apple china iphone tech sector Other Interesting Stories Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. best of sfist The 12 Best Mac & Cheese Dishes In SF and Oakland Nine Ways To Kick Off A Cleanse, Juice And Otherwise The 15 Best New SF Restaurants Of 2016 The 13 Best New SF Bars Of 2016 The 10 Best Steakhouses In San Francisco   © 2003-2017 Gothamist LLC. All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy.
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Apple removes the New York Times app in China following government request – Macworld Posted on January 5, 2017 by Macworld Over the holidays, Apple removed the New York Times mobile apps, both the English-language version and the Chinese-language version, from the App Store in China. The Times originally reported that its apps were removed on December 23, and Apple … Apple is happy to have a business that’s growing: The App StoreRecode ‘Pokémon Go’ was the most downloaded iPhone app worldwide in 2016, Apple saysBusiness Insider Apple removed the New York Times app in China. Why now?Los Angeles Times Computerworld -Digital Trends -CNBC -NPR all 197 news articles …read more wrote 24922 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News Iridium’s NEXT Generation Celebrates Launch of First 10 Satellites – SatNews Publishers Samsung Reportedly Just Revealed Why Its Note 7s Kept Catching Fire – Fortune ANALYSIS-China, Europe drive shift to electric cars as U.S. lags – Nasdaq Key Samsung shares steady, market awaits South Korea prosecution decision on leader – Business Insider After Government Threatens Fines, Facebook Will Test Out Fake News Filtering in Germany – Gizmodo Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian The Mercury News Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian Biz Break: Apple boasts of big App Store business Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Wrestler ‘Superfly’ Snuka dead Most-wanted arrest Band’s free-speech fight More rain next week Bay Area inauguration events Tax tips Business Biz Break: Apple boasts of big App Store business Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Apple An image provided by Apple of apps available on the company’s App Store. On Thursday, Apple said it sold $240 million in App Store purchases on New Year’s Day, making it the biggest day in App Store sales history. By Rex Crum | rcrum@bayareanewsgroup.com | PUBLISHED: January 5, 2017 at 4:01 pm | UPDATED: January 5, 2017 at 4:31 pm Top of the Order: That’s a LOT of Apps: Apple won’t report its quarterly results for a few more weeks. (Jan. 31, to be exact, with a conference call at 2 p.m. that day. Mark you calendars.) But Apple has wasted little time this year in touting a few of its recent business successes. On Thursday, Apple gave a glimpse into how well its App Store business is doing, and how important a contributor the App Store is becoming to Apple’s business growth efforts. Apple said that on New Year’s Day, consumers made $240 million in App Store purchases, making it the busiest single day in App Store history. And in 2016, developers earned $20 billion from App Store purchases. Related Articles Biz Break: President Obama gets into VR with new White House tour Biz Break: Tech leaders want to help Trump save $1 trillion Biz Break: Fitbit investors don’t like fit of Vector acquisition Biz Break: The iPhone remains a diamond after 10 years Biz Break: Nvidia puts up a new streaming Shield To put that in some perspective, Apple said that developer earnings from the App Store last year rose 40 percent from 2015. And total App Store earnings since the store went live in 2008 have reached $60 billion. Or, in other words, one-third of all the money developers have made off the App Store since its debut came from 2016 alone. That’s got to make developers happy. And it has to give Apple a boost, too. Apple doesn’t break out exactly how much money it makes from the App Store, but includes its sales within the category of “services.” During its 2016 fiscal fourth quarter, which ended last September, Apple reported services revenue of $6.33 billion, a 24 percent increase over the same period in 2015. Services is now the second-largest revenue generator for Apple, trailing only the iPhone and coming in ahead of iPad and Mac sales. With Apple soon to report results from what is always its busiest business period of the year, we’ll get more of a look into how much services, and the App Store, are fueling what the company hopes will be a new era of growth. Maybe Chief Executive Tim Cook will even give some more App Store sales numbers to support Apple’s next round of bragging. Middle Innings: Go Karma: Have you been waiting for GoPro to put its Karma drones back on sale? Well, Happy New Year to you. GoPro used CES in Las Vegas to say late Wednesday that it will relaunch the Karma sometime this year. And that couldn’t come soon enough for GoPro. The Karma had been one of GoPro’s most-anticipated products for years. When GoPro finally put the drone on sale last October, it did so after months of delays. And the Karma was available for barely two weeks before GoPro pulled the drone from the shelves, so to speak, and offered refunds for the $800 gadget to those who had already bought one. The problem was that GoPros were losing power, falling from the sky and turning into $800 piles of garbage, according to reports. GoPro said Wednesday that problems were due to a loss of power in the Karma’s battery unit. The company added that it has been testing the Karma and will update the relaunch plans in early February. Streaming the Hits: Vinyl LPs. Cassettes. CDs. Digital downloads. Each successive generation of music-listening technology has built upon the one before it and, seemingly, consigned its predecessor to the ash heap of history. Now, it looks like it’s streaming music’s time to lead. According to data from Nielsen Music, in 2016, streaming music surpassed sales of digital music in the U.S. for the first time. Canadian singer Drake played a big part in pushing streaming over the top in the U.S. Nielsen said Drake’s hit song “One Dance,” featuring WizKid & Kyla, was streamed more than 527 million times over various services, such as Pandora, Apple Music and Spotify. Drake also took second place, as he was featured on Rihanna’s song “Work,” which had 346.6 million streams. He grabbed the No. 7 most-streamed song with “Too Good,” featuring Rihanna. And his song “Controlla,” which featured only Drake himself, was the ninth-most streamed song in the U.S. last year. Bottom of the Lineup: Here’s a look at how some leading Silicon Valley stocks did Thursday: Movin’ on Up: Gains came from Ultra Clean Holdings, GoPro, Yahoo, Accuray and Palo Alto Networks. In the Red: Decliners included Zeltiq Aesthetics, Coherent, Align Technology, Sanmina and YuMe. The tech-focused Nasdaq Composite Index rose 0.2 percent to 5,487.94. The blue chip Dow Jones Industrial Average slipped by 0.2 percent to 19,899.29. And the broad-based Standard & Poor’s 500 Index shed 0.1 percent to end the day at 2,269. Quote of the Day: “NO WAY!” — President-elect Donald Trump in a tweet Thursday, blasting Toyota Motor Corp. after it said it would build a new plant in Baja, Mexico, for manufacturing Corolla cars to sell in the U.S. Toyota Motor said will build a new plant in Baja, Mexico, to build Corolla cars for U.S. NO WAY! Build plant in U.S. or pay big border tax. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 5, 2017 Sign up for the 60-Second Business Break newsletter at www.siliconvalley.com. Tags:  60 Second Biz Break Apple Apple Music Autos GoPro Pandora Spotify Technology Rex Crum Rex Crum is the senior web editor for the business section for The Mercury News and Bay Area News Group. He also writes about business and technology for the publications' print and web editions, and has covered business and technology for nearly two decades. A native of Seattle, he remains a diehard Seahawks and Mariners fan and is imparting his fandom to his Oakland-native wife and two young daughters. Follow Rex Crum @rexcrum Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Bay Area storms will make for a spectacular spring A failing marriage: 49ers and Santa Clara Bay Area forecast: Another ‘atmospheric event’ hits next week San Jose: Retired firefighters who owe tens of thousands speak out Santa Clara: Authorities release name of woman killed by Amtrak train Before and after photos: See how rains filled California reservoirs Bay Area Trump supporters head to inauguration to welcome president-elect 49ers interview ex-Raiders coach Tom Cable More in Business What you need to know now about the upcoming tax season January 15, 2017, 9:31 am The Internal Revenue Service says to expect a few changes when the nation’s individual income tax filing season opens on Jan. 23. Trump backer Peter Thiel reportedly weighing gubernatorial bid January 15, 2017, 6:14 am Peter Thiel, the quirky billionaire who was one of the few high-profile Silicon Valley supporters of President-elect Donald Trump, is considering running for governor of California in 2018, Politico reported. SpaceX launches first rocket since explosion in Florida January 15, 2017, 7:13 am A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket blasted off from California on Saturday and placed a constellation of satellites in orbit, marking the company’s first launch since a fireball engulfed a similar rocket in September. Danville, San Ramon consider options for buying electricity January 14, 2017, 7:14 am Contra Costa County coordinating effort that could result in a joint powers authority involving several East Bay cities to buy cleaner energy Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription All Access Subscriptions Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps Contact Us Corrections Reprints Archive Search Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Local Guide Fry’s Ad Public Notices © 2017 Digital First Media Site Map Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Bay Area News Group Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
January 15, 2017 | 79° | Check Traffic Subscribe Customer Service Print Replica LOG IN Search for: Home Top News Local Sports Crave Features Business Editorial Obits Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Search for: LOG IN SUBSCRIBE 2016 Election Results Archives Columnists TGIF Video Photo Galleries Hawaii Prep World Hawaii Warrior World Blogs Travel Religion Hokulea Merrie Monarch Movie Listings TV Week Corrections Dining Out Hawaii Renovation Special Sections Honolulu Street Pulse Home 2016 Election Results Archives Top News Local Sports Crave Business TGIF Features Editorial Religion Columnists Travel Print Replica Blogs Video Photo Galleries Hokulea Merrie Monarch Customer Service Cars Homes Classifieds Movie Listings Jobs TV Week Briefs| Features Apple finishes 2016 with more than 2.2M apps for sale Associated Press Posted January 05, 2017 January 5, 2017 Updated January 5, 2017 1:56pm COURTESY NIANTIC “Pokemon Go” was the most downloaded app of 2016 from the Apple app store, according to an announcement made today in Las Vegas. LAS VEGAS >> Apple’s app store closed 2016 with 2.2 million apps, an increase of 20 percent from 2015. Apple says New Year’s Day 2017 was the biggest day ever for app store purchases — people bought nearly $240 million of stuff in the digital marketplace. Nintendo’s “Super Mario Run” was the most downloaded app worldwide on both Christmas and New Year’s Day. The app is free to download, but it costs a whopping $10 to play the full version. In what should surprise no one, “Pokemon Go” was the year’s most popular app. The game peaked over the summer, when hordes of people prowled real-life locations to catch digital pocket monsters through its innovative augmented reality interface. Other popular apps included Sweat With Kayla, a workout app, and Procreate, a painting and sketching app. The milestones were announced as the CES gadget show in Las Vegas formally opened today, though Apple has no official presence there. Get the latest news by email Sign Up Share this: PREV NEXT Most Read College aspirants face pressure to do ‘impossible’ UH rallies past Long Beach for OT win Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump over tweets, Russia Island telecom firm disputes FCC’s overpayment findings Vog expected to hang around another day No comments Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. By participating in online discussions you acknowledge that you have agreed to the TERMS OF SERVICE. An insightful discussion of ideas and viewpoints is encouraged, but comments must be civil and in good taste, with no personal attacks. Because only subscribers are allowed to comment, we have your personal information and are able to contact you. If your comments are inappropriate, you may be banned from posting. To report comments that you believe do not follow our guidelines, email commentfeedback@staradvertiser.com. Copyright ©2017 staradvertiser.com. All rights reserved. 500 Ala Moana Blvd. #7-210, Honolulu, HI 96813 Telephone: (808) 529-4747 About Us Media Kit Advertise Privacy Policy Contact Information Terms of Service
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jan 15, 10:52 PM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Google Calendar iOS App Update Adds Apple Health Support For Better Tracking of Fitness Goals By Corazon Victorino On 01/05/17 AT 6:46 PM Close While everyone is focused on the technologies that are being showcased at CES 2017, Google silently updated its Google Calendar app for the iPhone this week. The update brings Apple Health integration into the iOS app, so that users will keep track and be more motivated to reach their fitness goals.  On Thursday, Google released an update for its Google Calendar app that turns the to-do app into a sports-oriented tool. With Apple Health integration, users will not have to worry about achieving their Goals anymore. According to 9to5Mac, there is also an additional feature that will automatically mark fitness tasks as finished whenever the user is done with them. Another tweak adjusts the intelligent Goals feature, so users can make the most out of their allotted time for exercise. It can be noted that users had to manually mark the Goals they already accomplished to avoid receiving reminders about them. Now that the Goals are automatically marked as “done,” users do not need to do anything or worry about getting Goal reminders every so often.  Related Stories Triby IO Is A Hub That Combines Google Home With Alexa FoldiMate Introduces Laundry-Folding Robot Xiaomi Showcases Mi TV 4 At CES 2017 With the update, users can now sync their Google Calendar app on their phones with Google Fit and Apple Health, so their fitness efforts would be documented religiously. The performance tracker has also been upgraded to show a visual representation of how close users are to completing their fitness goals, as per Android Authority.  Last year, Google introduced the Goals feature to its Google Calendar app. The feature is designed to help users find sufficient time to work out amid their busy schedules. It runs on machine learning, so it relies on algorithms to identify the times that it would be fitting for users to squeeze in simple activities to achieve their Goals, as reported by CNET.  The Google Calendar app is available for download from the Google Play Store and the Apple App Store.  Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business Takata Close To Faulty Airbag Settlement The settlement with DOJ reportedly includes a $25 million criminal fine, $125 million in victim compensation, and $850 million to compensate automakers. Technology Galaxy S7, S7 Edge Get Android Nougat Update However, it may be a while before HTC pushes out the official update for its HTC 10 device World Diplomats Warn US Against Moving Embassy To Jerusalem Israel did not attend Sunday's peace conference, saying it was "rigged" against the Jewish state. National Scottish Newspaper Lists Trump Inauguration As Episode Of 'Twilight Zone' Trump is to be sworn into office Friday. The Scottish Sunday Herald characterized it as the start of a "huge interactive virtual reality project." © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Turkey world middle east europe americas africa asia - pacific economy politics sports health infographics photo video video gallery multimedia other corporate news finance terminal anadolu images energy terminal anadolu post anadolu post news academy election 2015 Türkçe English BHS Pусский French العربية Kurdî کوردی Shqip فارسی македонски Anadolu Agency English Turkey Turkey’s anti-Daesh op. backed by 14 military chiefs Features archive Turkey passes last article of constitutional change Features archive Turkish MPs pass Article 17 of Constitution change Features archive Turkish army head attends Riyadh meeting against Daesh Features archive Turkey is Cyprus’ guarantee: Turkish Cypriot president Features archive world middle east Palestine PM thanks Turkey, Qatar for electricity aid Features archive Turkey’s anti-Daesh op. backed by 14 military chiefs Features archive Foreign diplomats pour in Paris for Mideast peace talks Features archive Daesh car bomb kills 12 FSA fighters in Syria's Al-Bab Features archive europe Foreign diplomats pour in Paris for Mideast peace talks Features archive UK warns to alter economic model after Brexit 'if forced' Features archive Landmark Athens mosque due to be finished this April Features archive Palestine opens embassy to the Vatican Features archive americas New US administration must extradite Gulen: Ex-US lawmaker Features archive US House paves way for repeal of universal healthcare Features archive Trump brushes off differing views from Cabinet picks Features archive More murder charges laid against Canadian nurse Features archive africa Congolese army stops rebels from attacking country Features archive Sudan extends 6-month cease-fire in line with US deal Features archive Gambia: President-elect in Senegal until inauguration Features archive 'Gambia does not need a bloodbath': Regional leaders Features archive asia - pacific Afghan peace negotiator dismissed over Taliban remarks Features archive 10 killed in explosion near Afghan-Pakistan border Features archive Philippines takes ASEAN helm at summit Features archive Myanmar: Nationalists block another Muslim gathering Features archive economy Australia, Japan commit to trade partnership US opposes Features archive Greeks unhappy over online banking push Features archive Bank of China to set up deposit bank in Turkey Features archive Three large US banks post Q4 earnings Features archive Turkish central bank to cut interbank borrowing limits Features archive politics Turkey passes last article of constitutional change Features archive Turkish MPs pass Article 17 of Constitution change Features archive Jordanian diplomat: Ankara, Amman enjoy solid relations Features archive No change to constitution's basic articles: Turkish PM Features archive Turkish MPs pass Article 12th of Constitution change Features archive sports Football: Former England manager Graham Taylor dies Features archive Football: FIFA expands World Cup to 48 teams Features archive Basketball player Mejia: I feel at home in Turkey Features archive Serbian Min.: Sports clubs choosing Turkey for camps Features archive Chelsea fans guilty of racist violence in Paris metro Features archive health Smoking costs $1T plus 6M lives annually: WHO Features archive Madrid hit by pollution, restricts thousands of cars Features archive Turkish hospitals treating 85 soldiers injured in Syria Features archive 182 critically injured Syrians evacuated to Turkey Features archive Turkish hospitals treat scores of injured Aleppians Features archive infographics photo Refugees in Serbia Flood in North California Israel aims to ‘Judaize’ historical Bethlehem village Cyprus reunification talks in Geneva Statue of Lionel Messi vandalised in Buenos Aires video video gallery Inclement weather condition in Turkey's Van Turkish Defense Minister tests MPT-76 Infantry Rifle Turkey destroys 14 PKK targets in northern Iraq Last heir to former Ottoman Empire laid to rest in New York multimedia FETO Exposed: Mithat Aynacı July 15 coup protester martyred 'for the sake of the homeland' FETO Exposed: Adil oksuz "THAT NIGHT" was recorded on the spot other corporate news finance terminal anadolu images energy terminal news academy anadolu post anadolu post select language Türkçe English BHS Pусский French العربية Kurdî کوردی Shqip فارسی македонски Apple pulls New York Times app from Chinese App Store English, Chinese versions removed following government request home > world, americas 06.01.2017 Barry Eitel California Features archive related news Two Chinese ships join Pakistan navy for joint security British PM: Turkey-Russia influence vital in Astana UK, New Zealand discuss a free trade deal post-Brexit Apple CEO’s pay fell 15 percent in 2016 Music streaming overtakes digital sales for first time By Barry Eitel SAN FRANCISCO Apple announced Thursday it has pulled the English and Chinese language versions of the New York Times mobile news app from its App Store in China. The prohibition comes after a request from the Chinese government, Apple and the New York Times said. Neither company revealed the reason for the removal but a Chinese regulation passed last summer forbade mobile applications that publish content that violates Chinese law. "For some time now the New York Times app has not been permitted to display content to most users in China and we have been informed that the app is in violation of local regulations,” Apple spokesman Fred Sainz said in a statement to the Times. “As a result, the app must be taken down off the China App Store. When this situation changes, the App Store will once again offer the New York Times app for download in China.” Apps featuring content from other American media outlets like the Wall Street Journal, Washington Post and Financial Times are still available from Apple’s Chinese App Store. “The request by the Chinese authorities to remove our apps is part of their wider attempt to prevent readers in China from accessing independent news coverage by The New York Times of that country, coverage which is no different from the journalism we do about every other country in the world,” the outlet’s spokeswomen Eileen Murphy said in a statement. The Chinese government banned the New York Times website in 2012 after it published articles about the immense wealth amassed by the family of Wen Jiabao, the Chinese Prime Minister at the time. The websites of news outlets including Bloomberg and Time magazine have also been periodically banned in China. Apple, which has long desired to overtake the lucrative Chinese smartphone market, has banned several apps over the years, most of which allowed users to bypass the government’s restrictive Internet firewalls. Platforms like Facebook, Google and Twitter have been prohibited for years. Anadolu Agency website contains only a portion of the news stories offered to subscribers in the AA News Broadcasting System (HAS), and in summarized form. Please contact us for subscription options. Facebook Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Related Galleries today's headlines 15 : 45 Turkey Jordanian diplomat: Ankara, Amman enjoy solid relations 13 : 52 world 'Gambia does not need a bloodbath': Regional leaders 12 : 54 world Myanmar: Nationalists block another Muslim gathering 12 : 40 world India boat accident kills at least 24 12 : 37 world Two Chinese ships join Pakistan navy for joint security 11 : 39 world Azerbaijani soldier martyred by Armenian gunfire 11 : 36 Turkey Turkey's military head to attend meeting against Daesh 10 : 29 world Duterte says can impose martial law if drugs ‘virulent’ 10 : 15 Turkey 9 Daesh terrorists 'neutralized' in northern Syria 09 : 51 world Beijing reiterates One China policy ‘nonnegotiable’ analysis news Dozen dead in boat accident in India's River Ganges American democracy’s Achilles' heel The Middle East without America US still backing terrorist YPG in northern Syria Turkey’s quest for a new Middle Eastern Order Apple pulls New York Times app from Chinese App Store 1 / 1 Apple pulls New York Times app from Chinese App Store analysis news corporate news education culture and art life science-technology photo video up corporate history editorial guideliness social media policies ethics commission executive team domestic offices international offices media center contact quality management announcement service sponsorship human resources subscription requests corporate news finance terminal anadolu images energy terminal news academy election 2015 mobile services iPhone application iPad application Android application Windows application © Anadolu Agency 2017
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Modern Medicine FinTech CNBC Upstart 25 Retail Report Future Opportunities Davos Your Money, Your Future Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Mad Money with Jim Cramer Cramer sees signs that Apple's stock is close to breaking out Abigail Stevenson | @A_StevensonCNBC Thursday, 5 Jan 2017 | 6:14 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Cramer sees signs that Apple's stock is close to breaking out    Thursday, 5 Jan 2017 | 1:00 PM ET | 12:11 With the Trump rally finally taking a breather on Thursday, Jim Cramer said the FANG rally is back on. FANG is Cramer's acronym to represent the leaders of technology growth in the market. It stands for Facebook, Amazon, Netflix and Google, now Alphabet. The good news about a FANG rally is that it even boosted Apple stock, which just revealed that its App Store developers brought in $20 billion in 2016, up 40 percent year-over-year. The number Cramer has been most excited about for Apple is its service revenue, which could be growing faster than expected. "The bears on Apple are losing patience. I think the stock is close to breaking out," the "Mad Money" host said. David Paul Morris | Bloomberg | Getty Images An employee hands off an Apple iPhone 6s to a colleague at an Apple store in Palo Alto, California, on Friday, Sept. 25, 2015. Cramer also saw signs that Republican leaders may try to slow President-elect Donald Trump's agenda when he tried to scrap the Affordable Care Act, which could make the economy grow faster, but not stocks. The Senate hearings about cyber espionage also indicated to Cramer that some Senators are not afraid to defy Trump. "If Trump's own party is going to make trouble for the agenda that brought us oh-so-close to Dow 20,000, then we're going to have a sell-off," Cramer said. Wall Street was also rocked by news of Macy's and Kohl's, which caused most retail stocks to be crushed initially. As the smoke cleared, investors recognized that it wasn't just consumers not spending money, but they just aren't going to the mall. This sent Amazon up 3 percent Thursday. So, with the notion that the economy could be slowing and Trump wasn't able to lift stocks, investors will go back to buying the stocks of companies that do well in a slowdown and don't need Trump's help. That meant FANG was back in style. "This is the pause that I have been expecting, it's just that rather than unleashing a tsunami of selling, it merely caused money to flow from Trump stocks to not Trump stocks," Cramer said. Questions for Cramer? Call Cramer: 1-800-743-CNBC Want to take a deep dive into Cramer's world? Hit him up! Mad Money Twitter - Jim Cramer Twitter - Facebook - Instagram - Vine Questions, comments, suggestions for the "Mad Money" website? madcap@cnbc.com Abigail StevensonDigital Producer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change NFLX --- DJIA --- M --- AAPL --- AMZN --- FB --- Cramer's New Book To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Skip to main content area Social media links Find us on Facebook Connect with us on Twitter Sections Home News Reviews Rumours VS Bests User Guides Deals Wearable Tech Apps Newsletter Search Search Secondary menu IPHONE 7 NOTE 7 ONEPLUS 3T Android N iOS 10 IPHONE 6S Nexus 5X Galaxy S7 Nokia C1 Sections You are here: Home » Tablets » NVIDIA Shield Tablet Review: This BEAST is Now Under £200! NVIDIA Shield Tablet Review: This BEAST is Now Under £200! Reviews Damien McFerran 23:02, 5 Jan 2017 NVIDIA’s insanely powerful gaming tablet arrives with Tegra K1 in tow Rating:  4 Typical Price:  £240.00 Pros:  Exceptional power, Great for gaming, PC streaming is excellent Cons:  Controller isn't included, Battery life is poor, Not many games push the hardware Verdict:  The Shield Tablet offers jaw-dropping performance at a decent price, but more games are needed to make it a must-have purchase for dedicated fans of interactive entertainment More Info:  Ebuyer facebook twitter google+ UPDATE: The NVIDIA Shield Tablet is pretty old these days; it first landed well over 12 months ago. But it was an impressive piece of kit as you will find out in our review below. Old it might be, but the NVIDIA Shield Tablet is still an immensely powerful piece of kit – even by today standards. And the fact it can now be had for under £200 make this slate one hell of a proposition! Read our FULL review after the break...  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 2013's NVIDIA Shield was a handheld games console with a difference. It combined console-quality gaming controls with cutting-edge mobile hardware to create a system that was peerless in its class. Many critics at the time suggested that the hardware was little more than a way for NVIDIA to showcase its powerful Tegra 4 chipset, and some predicted that the venture would be little more than an ego-fuelled dead-end for the manufacturer. The sequel system proves that isn't the case, but also indicates that NVIDIA is aware that the original concept was perhaps somewhat flawed; while the Shield was - and still is - an incredibly powerful device which puts many dedicated portable consoles to shame, for the average Android user it didn't quite hit the spot. The NVIDIA Shield Tablet, as the name suggests, adopts an entirely different form factor; one which should allow this product to achieve the kind of market penetration which so sadly eluded its forerunner.  NVIDIA’s Shield Tablet and Shield portable will be getting a bit of a functionality boost as the company has now announced it will rollout its cloud-based, on-demand gaming service for the devices, based on its GRID platform. Shield Tablet and portable users will have free access to the service from November 18 until June 30 2015. Previously GRID has only been available as part of a limited testing program in specific parts of the US, but NVIDIA’s latest announcement reportedly covers global access to all owners of these devices. More than 20 leading titles will be available to stream on-demand to NVIDIA’s tech absolutely free, including both Borderlands and Borderlands 2, and Batman: Arkham City – more titles will also be added in the coming months. As with previous reports of GRID, the service involves NVIDIA’s remote servers which can stream games live to a device at 1080p, with performance speeds of up to 60fps in ideal connectivity scenarios. Quite how anything short of a 4G connection will cope with this remains to be seen, however. That November 18 date is also important for Shield device owners as it’s when the Android 5.0 Lollipop software update will land on the hardware. NVIDIA also added that from today the 32GB LTE-enabled Shield Tablet will be available as part of a “Green Bundle” including digital copies of Half Life 2, Half Life 2: Episode 1, and the first Portal title. NVIDIA Shield Tablet Review: Design & Display  The NVIDIA Shield Tablet really couldn't be more different than the device it supersedes; while the Shield boasted a clamshell design with a small screen and built-in physical gaming controls, the Shield Tablet is just a tablet. It's roughly the same size as the 2013 Nexus 7, but is thicker and heavier - a consequence of packing in NVIDIA’s blisteringly fast K1 chipset.  The front of the device is predictably dominated by the 16:10, 1920x1200 resolution IPS screen, which is surrounded by a fairly sizable bezel, while the back resembles the Nexus 5 smartphone, with a soft-touch coating sitting atop a plastic body and the name "Shield" in the middle, etched in glossy material.  Along one side you'll find the power and volume controls, as well as the MicroSD card slot. There's also the dock for the NVIDIA’s Direct Stylus 2, which allows precise input on the tablet's capacitive touchscreen. Like so many Android tablets, this isn't much of a looker; it's functional rather than alluring. And it certainly won't earn you the puzzled glances the original Shield got when used in public. The "smart" cover, an almost direct clone of the one Apple pioneered on the iPad, is an optional extra, and clips onto the side of the tablet via magnetic clasps. As you might assume, it switches off the screen when closed and brings it to life when opened, and folds on itself to create a stand, handy when you consider that you'll be using this device for a lot of hands-free gaming. NVIDIA’s quad-core, 2.2GHz Tegra K1 chipset generates a considerable amount of heat when it's in full flow, and to compensate for this the Shield Tablet has two vents at either end which help to dissipate some of that warmth. They're still not quite enough to totally alleviate the issue, and prolonged usage will see the device become noticeably toasty. If you're used to the 4:3 aspect ratio seen on Apple's tablets then you might struggle with the Shield Tablet; this is a display that has been designed purely with entertainment in mind, rather than everyday tasks like browsing the web or reading magazines. The widescreen ratio lends itself to movies and gaming – the latter being the Shield's primary focus – but can make other tasks a little more awkward. When you're hitting the web you'll need nimble fingers to pinch-zoom your way around when sites and content. NVIDIA Shield Tablet Review: Controller Although it's sold separately to the tablet itself, you don't get the full Shield experience without the Shield Wireless Controller. It looks and feels like a proper console joypad, offering the same comfort and precision as the Xbox One or PS4 controller, and is the central interface which the entire Shield experience is built around. It carries over the button arrangement and general ergonomics of the controller on the Shield handheld, but adds in volume controls, a touchpad (think PS4), a microphone (for voice search, primarily) and a headphone jack.  The pad really is fantastic and offers the kind of build quality you'd normally associate with a major console manufacturer. The dual analogue sticks are responsive and well-placed, and the rolling D-pad is perfect for those times when you feel like exploring the past and want to load up one of the many Android-based retro gaming emulators. To keep latency at a minimum NVIDIA has opted for WiFi Direct rather than the usual Bluetooth connection, and while you can use standard Bluetooth pads with the tablet, you'll be sorely tempted to buy another three Shield pads for the optimum experience. The Shield pad's brilliance leads to one very pressing issue: it's such an essential part of the package you have to question NVIDIA’s decision not to bundle it with the tablet from the start. Some games – Half Life 2 and Portal – won't actually play properly without the controller, either. The controller is also restricted to the Shield range alone (it works on the original Shield handheld without issue) so you won't be able to use it as a Bluetooth pad with other devices. When you consider the high cost, however, (£49.99) that could put off many potential buyers. NVIDIA Shield Tablet Review: Performance  NVIDIA’s Tegra K1 chipset is one of the most potent pieces of mobile hardware available right now, so it should come as no great shock to learn that the Shield Tablet is a formidable contender when it comes to pure power. Given the tablet's gaming focus it seems fitting to tackle that element first and foremost; the device comes with FrozenByte's excellent fantasy adventure title Trine 2 pre-installed, which offers almost identical performance to that of the PlayStation 3, Xbox 360 and Wii U versions. That in itself is an incredible achievement; the Shield Tablet essentially offers the same graphical power as modern home consoles (Nintendo's Wii U was only released in 2012). Sadly, such experiences are few and far between. While NVIDIA has taken steps to push gaming content to the forefront and has secured exclusive versions of the aforementioned Half Life 2 and Portal, there's no escaping the fact that there are very few titles which can match this trio when it comes to overall quality. Most of the games on Google Play are aimed at lower-level Android devices, and don't make use of the Shield Tablet's incredible internal specifications. That will change over time of course, but for the time being, don't expect to play too many games that approach the same standard as Trine 2.  Benchmark tests go some way to illustrating the Shield Tablet's pure processing grunt. Antutu returns a score of 41596, eclipsing the HTC M8 (35244), Galaxy S5 (35046) and Sony Xperia Z1 (33586). 3DMark – designed to test the graphical performance of hardware – returns a score of just over 30,000, which is around twice what the Tegra 4-powered Shield handheld could manage last year. GFXBench's T-Rex test provides yet more evidence over this setup’s power with a rate of 64.4 FPS, while the Shield handheld could only muster 24.4 FPS.  The Tegra K1 clearly an insanely powerful piece of kit and one which truly pushes the boundaries of mobile performance. Like the Shield handheld before it, the Shield Tablet is also capable of streaming games from your PC, as long as you possess one of NVIDIA’s compatible graphics cards. The experience has been slowly refined since last year, and is so smooth now that it's almost impossible to tell that you're not actually running the game directly from the computer. The controller really comes into its own during these sessions. NVIDA Shield Tablet Review: Software & User Experience Nvidia staff have recently taken to the company's official forums and revealed the firm is prepping to update both the Shield portable handheld and Shield Tablet to Android 5.1 Lollipop; the most up-to-date iteration of Google's software platform. Naturally, things haven't been explained in great detail and we don't know exactly when the Shield tablet will be getting the new software just yet, just that it "won't be much longer." However, don't expect massive leaps and bounds in terms of features from the previous Lollipop 5.0 build - it's primarily a performance tweak and bugfix deal, although it should allegedly make the device more responsive You can quickly and easily set up unique users who have their own applications and accounts, making the Shield Tablet a truly social device. This is a big selling point for Nvidia - and Android in general - as it is something that Apple is unlikely to do to the same degree, as it wants everyone in the household to own their own iPad. Along with Android 5.0, Nvidia has drastically upgraded its own applications. The Nvidia Hub now includes the GRID cloud gaming portal, which grants access to a library of PC-quality games. If you've used OnLive before then you'll know what to expect, but there's a key difference here - Nvidia is aiming for true HD performance with the kind of visual clarity and low-latency control that you'd expect from a standard home games console. The GRID service goes live in Europe next month, and will be free to use until June next year. It already includes some amazing games, such as Ultra Street Fighter IV, The Witcher 2, Batman: Arkham City and Saint's Row 3 - all of which run incredibly well. Nvidia's Dabbler software has also been upgraded and now allows you to doodle on top of your Twitch livestream broadcasts - something which sounds daft on paper, but could prove to be incredibly popular with dedicated live streamers. Dabbler itself remains a solid drawing and art app, and uses the Shield Tablet's DirectStylus pen. 4K video output also makes an appearance, although this naturally only works when the tablet is connected to a 4K-ready TV in Console Mode. All in all, the Android 5.0 update for the Nvidia Shield Tablet is a resounding success, and makes this device even more desirable. With Google neglecting to launch an updated Nexus 7 this year, Nvidia's slate is the obvious choice for anyone who wants a new tablet but isn't ready to embrace the larger Nexus 9. NVIDIA Shield Tablet Review: Battery & Memory The cutting-edge power contained within the Tegra K1 chipset comes at a cost, however: it has a ravenous appetite for juice, and will drain the Shield Tablet's battery with alarming speed if you allow it to. Playing Trine 2 really pushes the hardware to its limits and will see the battery entirely consumed in less than 3 hours. That's an extreme case, though, and NVIDIA has included power management options to help you massage a little more stamina from the Shield Tablet, and general use won't tax the battery so much. 16GB is included on the WiFi-only model we reviewed (32GB on the more expensive LTE-enabled edition), with 11.6GB being available to the end user. Several of the bundled apps, including Trine 2, which clocks in at 1.6GB, cannot be uninstalled, which could create headaches a few months down the line when space becomes a premium.  There's a MicroSD card slot that can be used to augment your storage options, but recent changes made in Android now limit the usefulness of such additional space. Apps can only access folders they themselves have created, which potentially renders such apps redundant. You'll also find that not all applications can be moved to the SD card for storage, and that could present problems when you're downloading some of the larger Android games.  NVIDIA Shield Tablet Review: Camera  Cameras on tablets have long been considered something of an afterthought, and the one on the Shield Tablet is no exception. It's a 5MP snapper with no LED flash, and the shots it takes are predictably lackluster. It's good for taking casual images for use with the likes of Twitter and Instagram, but you won't want to rely on it as your primary photographic device.   There's also a front-face camera which is far more useful, as it allows you to use applications like Skype, Google Hangouts and Snapchat. NVIDIA Shield Tablet Review: Conclusion  Hardened gamers may be disappointed that NVIDIA has taken a step back from the handheld console concept with this tablet device, and not bundling the wireless controller as standard is a mistake. However, it's impossible to deny the incredible power contained within the Shield Tablet; it effortlessly puts other Android slates in the shade when it comes to processing muscle. Trine 2 - which comes pre-installed - is the perfect showcase of its abilities, and boasts a level of performance which is equal to the dedicated home console ports.  However, like the Shield handheld before it, the Shield Tablet is likely to suffer from a lack of quality games outside of those streamed from your PC. NVIDIA has worked hard to secure decent software for its Shield range, and the gamepad mapper app, which automatically adds support for physical controls to games which don't currently have them, helps things a little, but the vast majority of Android games are based around touch control and don't push the Tegra K1 anywhere near enough. That could change as time goes on; NVIDIA is clearly committed to its Shield brand, and part of that commitment will involve tempting developers to create exclusive software. But it would be foolish to expect the same level of unique support as you'd find on a system like the Nintendo 3DS or Xbox 360. And that's where the Shield Tablet's revised form factor will come as a blessing rather than a curse; while the Shield handheld could only really be used as a games console, at least this sequel has a life as an incredibly adept slate ahead of it, even if you don't even load up a single game. Buy the NVIDIA Shield Tablet RIGHT NOW For Less Than £200! Read More About: Tablets Makes Nvidia Shield Nvidia Tegra K1 Xbox One Ps4 Sponsored Links Related content All The Best iPad Apps For 2017 In One Place Apple's MEGA Plans For 2017 iPad Line-Up REVEALED Best Android Apps For Your Phone & Tablet In 2017 4 NVIDIA Shield Tablet Review: This BEAST is Now Under £200! NVIDIA Shield K1: The Best Android Tablet Option Around View the discussion thread. Trending Nokia WILL Release Two Android Phones In 2017: Nokia 6 Was Just The Beginning Mobile Phones Your Guide to the Best Fitness Trackers for 2017 Wearable technology Android 7 Nougat Update Schedule & Release Date: When's Your Phone Getting It? Mobile Phones Hot Handsets Android 4.4.3 Apple iOS 8 Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Mini 2 Apple iPhone 5S Apple iPhone 6 HTC One Max LG G3 Motorola Moto X+1 Samsung Galaxy S5 Latest Reviews 5 Google Pixel XL Review: The Best Android Phone Right Now Reviews 4.5 Sony PS4 Review: PS4 Price Cut AGAIN In Time For Xmas 2016 Reviews 4 NVIDIA Shield Tablet Review: This BEAST is Now Under £200! Reviews Sponsored Links Contact Dennis Publishing Editorial Offices 30 Cleveland Street London, W1T 4JD T: +44 (0)20 7907 6000 Read our Privacy notice Useful links Home News Reviews Rumours VS Bests User Guides Deals Wearable Tech Apps Newsletter Company's site Contact us About us Privacy Note Feeds Authors Sitemap Affiliate Link Policy Our Websites Know Your Mobile Auto Express Evo Fortean Times IT Pro Coach Micro Mart Alphr Expert Reviews Channel Pro Digital SLR Photography Den of Geek The Week Magazines Health & Fitness Women's Fitness CarBuyer Cloud Pro MagBooks Cyclist Classic & Performance Car TablePouncer Sites we like Android Authority GSM arena IntoMobile Eurodroid PocketNow WinRumors Social media links Find us on Facebook Connect with us on Twitter © Copyright Dennis Publishing Limited. Know Your Mobile is a trademark of Felix Dennis. Jobs Media Information Subscription Enquiries Books Apps Your Online Choices
The Hollywood Reporter tech Subscribe behind the screen digital power movies tv music tech the business style culture travel awards video Subscribe Blogs heat vision bastard machine live feed behind the screen esq earshot the race Newsletter THR Social:  Deal (Or No Deal) 2017 Subscribe Now Never Miss A Story. Sign up for our Newsletters. Daily Edition Login to download Apple's iPhone "Theater Mode" Patents Kick Off New Speculation 1:04 PM PST 1/5/2017 by Mia Galuppo FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ME PRINT COMMENTS Photofest Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone in 'La La Land' The supposed update is based on patents that Apple has held since 2014. Apple may be working on a solution for a great scourge of modern moviegoing. A new round of speculation has hit social media over a "Theater Mode" setting that supposedly will be released in the next iOS update and will keep iPhone users off of their cell phones while in theaters. At least one movie-theater executive isn't amused. Alamo Drafthouse founder Tim League wrote on Twitter: "If this enhancement turns out to be a means to make it easier to text in cinemas, I may have to book a ticket to Cupertino and pack my can of whoop-ass." He continued: "I have confidence, however, that a fellow Tim would not make such a mistake." Alamo Drafthouse has an ongoing "Don't Talk" PSA campaign that has filmed pleas to audiences from the likes of Mark Hamill, Amy Schumer, Miles Teller and Kevin Smith. The supposed update is based on patents that Apple has held since 2014 (it filed in 2012) that are meant to deactivate "cellular communications interface and/or automatically sets the device to a silent mode" when someone enters a theater, and the phone will resume regular functionality once the person exits. While in "Theater Mode," which is rumored to have a popcorn-shaped icon, the device's limited access to cellular functions will be paired with a dimmed screen that is meant to not distract other moviegoers if a phone is being used. The patent filing outlines a proposed business application for theater owners to "feasibly charge additional in the way of ticket price (or offer as a free incentive) the feature of 'no cell phone interruptions' during certain movies." Apple did not immediately respond to The Hollywood Reporter's request for comment. Aiding and abetting cell-phone use in theaters has been something theater chains have toyed with before, only to receive serious pushback. AMC Theatres CEO Adam Aron said he was open to allowing texting in a few designated theaters, only to do an about-face a few days later, saying, "We have heard loud and clear that this is a concept our audience does not want." FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ME PRINT COMMENTS Mia Galuppo mia.galuppo@thr.com @ifiwere2tweet Comments comments powered by Disqus The Hollywood Reporter © 2017 The Hollywood Reporter All rights reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy | Sitemap | About Our Ads About Us Login Daily Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Back Issues Advertising Contact Us Careers Industry Jobs Follow Us On Twitter Find Us On Facebook Watch Us On Youtube Our affiliate publications Billboard Backstage Casting
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather 100 Neediest Cases Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou Slu NFL Golf Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 37° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Light rain. Tonight Occasional light rain. Low 34F. Winds light and variable. Chance of rain 50%. Updated: January 15, 2017 @ 5:06 pm Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close 1 of 21 John Locher Han Chen reacts as he participates in a virtual realty presentation during an Intel news conference before CES International, Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017, in Las Vegas. (AP Photo/John Locher) Jae C. Hong A show attendee stands in front of the Sony's CLEDIS display system during a news conference at CES International Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017, in Las Vegas. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong) Jae C. Hong A dancer performs in front of Sony Alpha a99 II DSLR cameras during a news conference at CES International Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017, in Las Vegas. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong) John Locher A refrigerator with Family Hub 2.0 is on display during a Samsung news conference before CES International, Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017, in Las Vegas. Family Hub 2.0 features an interface on the refrigerator with apps that can be controlled by voice recognition. (AP Photo/John Locher) John Locher Models demonstrate Project Alloy all-in-one merged reality headsets during an Intel news conference before CES International, Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017, in Las Vegas. (AP Photo/John Locher) John Locher Intel CEO Brian Krzanich holds a Project Alloy all-in-one merged reality headset during an Intel news conference before CES International, Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017, in Las Vegas. (AP Photo/John Locher) John Locher Models demonstrate Project Alloy all-in-one merged reality headsets during an Intel news conference before CES International, Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017, in Las Vegas. (AP Photo/John Locher) John Locher Intel CEO Brian Krzanich holds a Project Alloy all-in-one merged reality headset during an Intel news conference before CES International, Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017, in Las Vegas. (AP Photo/John Locher) John Locher Meghan Puhr participates in a virtual realty presentation during an Intel news conference before CES International, Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017, in Las Vegas. (AP Photo/John Locher) John Locher Alan Perry participates in a virtual realty presentation during an Intel news conference before CES International, Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017, in Las Vegas. (AP Photo/John Locher) John Locher Hair Coach smart hairbrushes are displayed at the Withings booth during CES Unveiled before CES International, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017, in Las Vegas. The brush uses sensors to track hair damage and will, via a smart-phone app, offer recommendations and advice on hair care. (AP Photo/John Locher) John Locher The Hair Coach smart hairbrush is displayed pat the Withings booth during CES Unveiled before CES International, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017, in Las Vegas. The brush uses sensors to track hair damage and will, via a smart phone app, offer recommendations and advice on hair care. (AP Photo/John Locher) John Locher John Herrington, senior vice president of Samsung Electronics America, unveils new refrigerators with Family Hub 2.0 during a Samsung news conference before CES International, Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017, in Las Vegas. Family Hub 2.0 features an interface on the refrigerator with apps that can be controlled by voice recognition. (AP Photo/John Locher) Jae C. Hong The Toyota Concept-i is on display at CES International Thursday, Jan. 5, 2017, in Las Vegas. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong) John Locher Camera lenses are on display at the Nikon booth during CES International, Thursday, Jan. 5, 2017, in Las Vegas. (AP Photo/John Locher) John Locher LG K series phones are on display at the LG booth during CES International, Thursday, Jan. 5, 2017, in Las Vegas. (AP Photo/John Locher) John Locher QUHD TVs are on display at the TCL booth during CES International, Thursday, Jan. 5, 2017, in Las Vegas. (AP Photo/John Locher) John Locher The Flat Top Cooker table is on display at the Panasonic booth during CES International, Thursday, Jan. 5, 2017, in Las Vegas. The prototype device is designed to cook your food when the cover is placed over it. (AP Photo/John Locher) John Locher Mario Gonzalez talks about the interactive Wine and Sake Cellar at the Panasonic booth during CES International, Thursday, Jan. 5, 2017, in Las Vegas. (AP Photo/John Locher) Jae C. Hong A woman is silhouetted against the wall made with small light bulbs at the Honda booth at CES International Thursday, Jan. 5, 2017, in Las Vegas. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong) Jae C. Hong Models sit the Honda UNI-CUB electric scooters at CES International Thursday, Jan. 5, 2017, in Las Vegas. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong) AP The Latest at CES: Companies up 'wow' factor to stand out Jan 5, 2017 (…) John Locher Han Chen reacts as he participates in a virtual realty presentation during an Intel news conference before CES International, Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017, in Las Vegas. (AP Photo/John Locher) Jae C. Hong A show attendee stands in front of the Sony's CLEDIS display system during a news conference at CES International Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017, in Las Vegas. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong) Jae C. Hong A dancer performs in front of Sony Alpha a99 II DSLR cameras during a news conference at CES International Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017, in Las Vegas. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong) John Locher A refrigerator with Family Hub 2.0 is on display during a Samsung news conference before CES International, Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017, in Las Vegas. Family Hub 2.0 features an interface on the refrigerator with apps that can be controlled by voice recognition. (AP Photo/John Locher) John Locher Models demonstrate Project Alloy all-in-one merged reality headsets during an Intel news conference before CES International, Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017, in Las Vegas. (AP Photo/John Locher) John Locher Intel CEO Brian Krzanich holds a Project Alloy all-in-one merged reality headset during an Intel news conference before CES International, Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017, in Las Vegas. (AP Photo/John Locher) John Locher Models demonstrate Project Alloy all-in-one merged reality headsets during an Intel news conference before CES International, Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017, in Las Vegas. (AP Photo/John Locher) John Locher Intel CEO Brian Krzanich holds a Project Alloy all-in-one merged reality headset during an Intel news conference before CES International, Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017, in Las Vegas. (AP Photo/John Locher) John Locher Meghan Puhr participates in a virtual realty presentation during an Intel news conference before CES International, Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017, in Las Vegas. (AP Photo/John Locher) John Locher Alan Perry participates in a virtual realty presentation during an Intel news conference before CES International, Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017, in Las Vegas. (AP Photo/John Locher) John Locher Hair Coach smart hairbrushes are displayed at the Withings booth during CES Unveiled before CES International, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017, in Las Vegas. The brush uses sensors to track hair damage and will, via a smart-phone app, offer recommendations and advice on hair care. (AP Photo/John Locher) John Locher The Hair Coach smart hairbrush is displayed pat the Withings booth during CES Unveiled before CES International, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017, in Las Vegas. The brush uses sensors to track hair damage and will, via a smart phone app, offer recommendations and advice on hair care. (AP Photo/John Locher) John Locher John Herrington, senior vice president of Samsung Electronics America, unveils new refrigerators with Family Hub 2.0 during a Samsung news conference before CES International, Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017, in Las Vegas. Family Hub 2.0 features an interface on the refrigerator with apps that can be controlled by voice recognition. (AP Photo/John Locher) Jae C. Hong The Toyota Concept-i is on display at CES International Thursday, Jan. 5, 2017, in Las Vegas. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong) John Locher Camera lenses are on display at the Nikon booth during CES International, Thursday, Jan. 5, 2017, in Las Vegas. (AP Photo/John Locher) John Locher LG K series phones are on display at the LG booth during CES International, Thursday, Jan. 5, 2017, in Las Vegas. (AP Photo/John Locher) John Locher QUHD TVs are on display at the TCL booth during CES International, Thursday, Jan. 5, 2017, in Las Vegas. (AP Photo/John Locher) John Locher The Flat Top Cooker table is on display at the Panasonic booth during CES International, Thursday, Jan. 5, 2017, in Las Vegas. The prototype device is designed to cook your food when the cover is placed over it. (AP Photo/John Locher) John Locher Mario Gonzalez talks about the interactive Wine and Sake Cellar at the Panasonic booth during CES International, Thursday, Jan. 5, 2017, in Las Vegas. (AP Photo/John Locher) Jae C. Hong A woman is silhouetted against the wall made with small light bulbs at the Honda booth at CES International Thursday, Jan. 5, 2017, in Las Vegas. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong) Jae C. Hong Models sit the Honda UNI-CUB electric scooters at CES International Thursday, Jan. 5, 2017, in Las Vegas. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong) LAS VEGAS (AP) — The Latest on the CES gadget show in Las Vegas (all times local): 3:30 p.m. Companies are upping the "wow" factor trying to stand out as the CES gadget show formally opens in Las Vegas. Samsung, one of the largest exhibitors at the show, is offering demonstrations of its boat racing, air show and other virtual-reality experiences in chairs that move around. Hyundai is offering VR demos for people to experience what it's like to ride in an autonomous car. Also drawing crowds are flashy concept cars like the Toyota Concept-i, with doors that flip up and a 3-D display inside. Polaroid is showing off its Cube+ Wi-Fi camera with a bizarre display of rotating — but fake — monkeys wearing the camera. Camera images are displayed in a live feed above. It's a nod to the monkey-shaped stand that Polaroid sells for the Cube. On the TV front, LG wowed with an OLED 4K display tunnel, which people enter to see the new technology. One of the longer lines on the floor was at MyCharger's Power Up bar — which offered a free MyCharger along with what appeared to be green beer. It's actually regular Sam Adams in a green dye-infused cup. CES takes place over several, sprawling venues in Las Vegas. About 165,000 visitors are expected by the time it closes Sunday. ___ 2:45 p.m. Sometimes, it takes incentives to persuade people to change their habits. Mobile payment services such as Apple Pay and Samsung Pay still aren't widely used, in part because it isn't difficult for shoppers to pull out a plastic card at the cashier. Samsung tried to address that by offering points for each transaction, regardless of the amount spent — redeemable for gift cards and Samsung products. At a CES panel Thursday, Samsung executive Nana Murugesan said that since the launch of Samsung Rewards in November, daily usage of Samsung Pay has nearly doubled, while the number of users who make purchases almost daily more than doubles each week. The company hasn't specified the number of users and transactions, though analysts say it's still a small compared with cash and cards. ___ 1:55 p.m. Is Alexa spying on you? It's a fair question in light of attempts by authorities investigating the slaying of an Arkansas man to obtain voice recordings collected by an Amazon Echo speaker and its Alexa digital assistant. Yet the popularity and capabilities of voice-enabled products such as the Echo continue to grow. At the CES gadget show in Las Vegas, which opened Thursday, Whirlpool, Samsung and other manufacturers are unveiling new ways to use voice services to control laundry machines, refrigerators and other home systems. Consumers are apparently willing to trade a certain amount of privacy for convenience. The issue first grabbed headlines a couple of years ago, after Samsung said sensitive conversations could be captured by its voice-controlled smart TVs. Based on the flood of new voice-controlled gadgets headed to market, tech companies are betting that consumers will get over their fears. Comcast's Derrick Dicol likens it to people getting used to sharing their banking information online. ___ 1 p.m. T-Mobile says unlimited plans will be the only option for new customers even though they are more expensive than some of its old, limited plans. The company had said in August that it was phasing out its other plans in favor of just an unlimited plan. On Thursday, T-Mobile said those limited plans won't be sold anymore starting Jan. 22. Existing customers can keep their current plans. While some existing customers could switch over to the $70-a-month unlimited plan and save money, others would pay more. Most customers who just pay for one or two lines or who have a lower-data plan — 2 gigabytes per line — would save money by sticking to what they have. And T-Mobile's unlimited plan isn't exactly unlimited. If the network is busy, T-Mobile may slow speeds on customers that used more than 28 gigabytes. ___ 12:15 p.m. Beauty brands L'Oreal and Karastase want to make bad hair days a thing of the past. The two companies teamed up with tech company Withings on a Hair Coach brush that uses a microphone, gyroscope and other sensors to monitor how fast and how hard a person is brushing. An accompanying app recommends how to brush for optimal quality and minimal breakage and split ends. It can also take into account hair-influencing factors like heat or humidity and even discern if hair is wet or dry. The "smart brush" has been garnering buzz at the CES tech show in Las Vegas. Vincent Nida, worldwide general manager at Paris-based Kerastase, says one of the top beauty queries online is consistently about taking better care of your hair. The battery-powered brush starts collecting data when a user begins brushing. The smarts may seem like overkill considering the price of the brush — $200. By contrast, Amazon sells brushes for as little as $1. But Nida says you're getting a high-quality brush "even if you don't have batteries or you don't connect it to your cell phone." The Hair Coach brush is due out in mid-2017. ___ 11:05 a.m. Who needs a keyboard? Dell is introducing a new way to interact with your computer. The Dell Canvas 27 is a 27-inch glass surface that sits flat on a desk in front of a monitor. The touch surface is where a keyboard would normally be. Various widgets are available to manipulate items on the monitor. The Canvas also comes with a pen for sketching and creating. Dell envisions people using the device to edit photos and video, work on music and even work with financial tables. The goal is to replace clutter generally found on a desk. Instead of working with paper on a desk, just use the touch surface. The device launches in the spring and is expected to cost less than $2,000 — or around $3,000 with the monitor included. Lenovo has a similar concept in last fall's Yoga Book. It's a laptop that replaces the keyboard with a touch screen for both typing and doodling. But the screen is smaller, measuring 10 inches diagonally. Dell announced the Canvas at the CES gadget show on Thursday. Tom Holland, star of "Spider-Man: Homecoming," also stopped by to introduce two Dell products — a tablet and a gaming laptop — that will appear in the movie. ___ 10:15 a.m. Smartphones can do almost anything, but how about molecular physics? An Israeli startup has embedded a molecular sensor called Scio in a new smartphone that can analyze any material — whether that's the nutritional content of an apple or a person's body fat. Consumer Physics' scanners use infrared light to analyze molecular structure. The startup has been developing them for a few years, but this is the first time it's embedded in a mobile device — one from Chinese phone manufacturer Changhong. Who's hired? Check our People in Business Meet the top midsized workplaces in St. Louis Here are the best large places to work in St. Louis Get the Bottom Line from Nicklaus and Gallagher Is that a little too much science to carry around in your pocket? Consumer Physics CEO Dror Sharon says knowledge is power. He explains, "When we go out and buy stuff, eat stuff, drink stuff, we think we know what's in there, but we have no clue." Pricing and availability for the phone will be announced Friday at the CES gadget show in Las Vegas. ___ 9:30 a.m. Apple's app store closed 2016 with 2.2 million apps, an increase of 20 percent from 2015. Apple says New Year's Day 2017 was the biggest day ever for app store purchases — people bought nearly $240 million of stuff in the digital marketplace. Nintendo's "Super Mario Run" was the most downloaded app worldwide on both Christmas and New Year's Day. The app is free to download, but it costs a whopping $10 to play the full version. In what should surprise no one, "Pokemon Go" was the year's most popular app. The game peaked over the summer, when hordes of people prowled real-life locations to catch digital pocket monsters through its innovative augmented reality interface. Other popular apps included Sweat With Kayla, a workout app, and Procreate, a painting and sketching app. The milestones were announced as the CES gadget show in Las Vegas formally opened, though Apple has no official presence there. ___ 8:20 a.m. Intel thinks the future of virtual reality is skydiving in the desert, watching live sports from a ringside seat and cringing as zombies attack — all powered by Intel chips. Wednesday's demo featured leather chairs, Oculus sensors and headsets — and a barf bag, signaling this was not an ordinary press conference. One demo was a live feed from a 360-degree camera attached to a drone inspecting solar panels in a desert. Intel was showing how the technology could be used in a work environment. A more exciting live feed showed a college basketball game between Butler and Villanova. Travel experiences took viewers to a waterfall scene in Vietnam and a skydiving experience in the Moab Valley. A trailer for "Arizona Sunshine," a VR game, made viewers jump as zombies lunged for them. No one — noticeably — made use of the barf bags. CEO Brian Krzanich acknowledges that some people are questioning whether VR is going anywhere. He adds, "I hope these experiences give you a taste of where it's going." The CES gadget show in Las Vegas formally opens Thursday after two days of media previews. ___ 7:10 a.m. Amazon doesn't have an official presence at the CES gadget show in Las Vegas but its Alexa voice control software seems to be everywhere. Whirlpool is adding Alexa voice control to its suite of smart-home appliances, including a stove and refrigerator. With that capability, someone can instruct the oven to pre-heat to 400 degrees by speaking a command to an Alexa-enabled device, such as Amazon's Echo speaker. Jason Mathew, senior director of global connected strategy for Whirlpool, says voice is "the most natural way to interact with a product." Other gadgets that include Alexa: Sensory and OnVocal are both launching headphones that incorporate Alexa. Simplehuman is announcing a voice-activated trash can. And GE Lighting is launching a table lamp that includes Alexa software. Amazon has an edge on the market for now because its software has been out longer, but Google's and Apple's systems are catching up. Mathew says "Amazon is the most mature, but we expect to offer other options in the future." Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Tags Wire Business General News Technology Consumer Electronics Virtual Reality Technology Outdoor Recreation Recreation And Leisure Lifestyle Games Physics Mobile Phones Science Computer Hardware Manufacturing Information Technology Products And Services Corporate News Arts And Entertainment Celebrity Entertainment Personal Care Beauty And Fashion Consumer Product Manufacturing Consumer Products And Services Criminal Investigations Espionage Law And Order Crime Automobile Design Automobiles Locations Las Vegas Nevada United States North America View (…) comments Most popular Dairy Queen closes Illinois store after owner uses racial slur St. Louis area factories say they have plenty of work, but not enough skilled workers Six surprising health items that could disappear when Obamacare is repealed AT&T cuts 'lifeline' discounts in Missouri Eggs, milk, bread — grocery stores staff up and fill shelves as St. Louis braces for ice storm Follow us Business columnists Jim Gallagher - Finance David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Employer News Turn Seasonal Hires into All-Season Brand Ambassadors Latest in section Payroll not a target as St. Louis' Zoo-Museum District seeks savings, officials say U.S. insurers get inside cars, mouths, grocery carts in profit search AT&T cuts 'lifeline' discounts in Missouri We're looking for the top workplaces in St. Louis 5 Credit Cards That Help You Earn Hotel Elite Status Quick links Columnists David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Test your knowledge of all things St. Louis! We provide sourced and investigated news See ads from today's newspaper Manage your services Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Products↓ Fruit Apples & Pears Avocados Bananas Berries Citrus Exotics Grapes Kiwifruit Mangoes & Papayas Melons Tomatoes Pineapples Stonefruit Dried Fruit & Nuts Vegetables Artichokes Asparagus Brassicas Exotic Vegetables Leafy & Salad Vegetables Mushrooms Onions & Garlic Peas & Beans Peppers & Squashes Potatoes Root Vegetables Sweetcorn Other Products Flowers Herbs Topics↓ Asia Fruit Logistica Audio Brexit Bushel Box Charity China: Market Focus Comment & Analysis Consumers Convenience Crime Data Economics & Finance Education Environment Events Exotics Fairtrade & CSR Features Food Safety & Certification Foodservice Fresh Focus Chile Fruit Logistica Global Berry Congress Government Health Interviews Local Sourcing Marketing Mergers & Acquisitions Money Organics Packaging & Technology People Podcasts Production & Trade Recruitment & Training Research & Development Retail & Distribution The Importer Transport & Logistics Videos Week in pictures Wholesale Countries↓ Americas Americas Argentina Bahamas Bermuda Bolivia Brazil Canada Cayman Islands Chile Colombia Costa Rica Cuba Dominican Republic Ecuador El Salvador Guatemala Haiti Honduras Mexico Nicaragua North America Panama Peru South America Suriname United States Uruguay Venezuela Europe, Middle East & Africa Afghanistan Africa Albania Algeria Armenia Austria Bahrain Belarus Belgium Benin Bosnia and Herzegovina Bulgaria Burkina Faso Cameroon Cape Verde Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Côte d'Ivoire Croatia Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Egypt England Estonia Ethiopia Europe Finland France Germany Ghana Greece Guinea Guinea-Bissau Hungary Iceland Iran, Islamic Republic of Ireland Israel Italy Jordan Kenya Kuwait Latvia Lebanon Liberia Libya Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia Madagascar Malta Mauritius Middle East Moldova, Republic of Montenegro Morocco Mozambique Namibia Netherlands Nigeria Norway Oman Palestinian Territory, Occupied Poland Portugal Qatar Romania Russia Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Sierra Leone Slovakia Slovenia South Africa South-East Europe Spain Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Tanzania, United Republic of Tunisia Turkey Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Zimbabwe Asia-Pacific Asia Australia Bangladesh Bhutan British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Cambodia China Fiji French Polynesia Hong Kong India Indonesia Japan Kazakhstan Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Laos Macao Malaysia Myanmar Nepal New Caledonia New Zealand Pakistan Papua New Guinea Philippines Samoa Singapore Sri Lanka Taiwan Tajikistan Thailand Tonga Turkmenistan United States Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vietnam Magazines↓ Americafruit Americafruit Americafruit is the news and information service for fresh produce buyers in North America. Eurofruit Eurofruit Eurofruit is Europe's leading source of fresh produce news and analysis Asiafruit Asiafruit Asiafruit is the leading international magazine for fresh fruit and vegetable marketing and distribution in Asia. Fruitnet Live Fruitnet Live Fruitnet Live organises the world’s leading fresh produce conference and networking events. Fresh Produce Journal Fresh Produce Journal Fresh Produce Journal is Britain's favourite fresh produce industry magazine since 1895. Produce Plus Produce Plus Produce Plus is the leading magazine for fresh produce marketing in Australia and New Zealand. Events↓ Asiafruit Congress Asiafruit Congress 5 September 2017, HONG KONG (China) Asia's premier conference event for the fresh produce business takes place in Hong Kong alongside ASIA FRUIT LOGISTICA. 400+ delegates from 40 countries. Eurofruit Business Forum @ WOP Dubai Eurofruit Business Forum @ WOP Dubai 13-15 November 2016, DUBAI (UAE) Organised by Eurofruit, information sessions on the show floor at WOP-Dubai 2016 with entry FREE to all exhibitors and visitors at the exhibition. Global Berry Congress Global Berry Congress 27-29 March 2017, ROTTERDAM (The Netherlands) The annual conference event of choice for the international berry business. Attracts more than 350 of the world's top berry players. Asia Fruit Logistica Asia Fruit Logistica 6-8 September 2017, HONG KONG(China) Asia's leading fresh produce trade show. More than 8,000 visitors and almost 500 exhibitors. Up by 25 per cent in 2014. Fruit Logistica Fruit Logistica 8 February 2017, BERLIN (Germany) The world's premier international fresh fruit and vegetable exhibition with 2,884 exhibitors and 70,000 visitors. Fresh Produce India Fresh Produce India 27-28 April 2017, MUMBAI (India) India's leading fresh produce conference and networking event. More than 250 delegates from India and rest of the world. Organised by Asiafruit Magazine. Fresh Produce Forum China Fresh Produce Forum China 23-25 May 2017, CHENGDU (China) 2nd China Conference powered by Asiafruit Magazine and ASIA FRUIT LOGISTICA FPJ Live - The UK Fruit & Vegetable Congress FPJ Live - The UK Fruit & Vegetable Congress 4 May 2017, Belfry Hotel & Resort, Birmingham (United Kingdom) The UK Fruit & Vegetable Congress is the number-one platform for fresh produce leaders to meet and discuss the future of the trade Fruitnet Forum South-East Europe Fruitnet Forum South-East Europe 29-30 November 2016, BELGRADE (Serbia) A brand new fresh produce industry event offering access to the latest market insight and unparalleled business opportunities in the region of South-East Europe Deutscher Obst & Gemüse Kongress Deutscher Obst & Gemüse Kongress 21-22 September 2017, DÜSSELDORF (Germany) The German Fruit & Vegetable Congress (DOGK) is a one-day event with presentations in the plenary and parallel forums to all important and current topics and issues throughout the supply chain. European Tomato Forum European Tomato Forum 1-2 June 2017, Düsseldorf, Germany From seed to fork. Europe's new networking and information platform for the entire tomato sector. Go ↓in any time period Any time period Past 24 hours Past week Past month Past year  Login Email address Password LoginLogin Forgotten your password? Subscribe Now Homepage (Asiafruit) Latest News More about Asiafruit Event calendar Subscribe Contacts Advertise About Fruitnet Asiafruitchina.net For fresh fruit and vegetable marketing and distribution in Asia Matthew Jones BY MATTHEW JONES @matt_fruitnet facebook pinterest linkedin twitter googleplus Download PDF Print Friday 6th January 2017, 06:36 Hong Kong Olivia Tait leaves APAL Market development manager helped develop a range of marketing campaigns during her appointment Related Articles 1APAL announces Sophie Clayton departure 2New deal offers The Greenery fresh start 3T&G Global unveils Jazz rebrand 4Golden Bay targets net gain for apples 5New apple set to Dazzle 6Subscribers onlyBlue Whale targets Asia 7Worldwide Pear Day on the horizon 8Spanish pears debut in India 9Joly Red gets Singapore launch 10Pink Lady America loses trademark appeal Peak industry body Apple and Pear Australia (APAL) has announced the departure of its market development manager Olivia Tait.   During her two-year appointment, Tait delivered a number of successful programmes, including the widely successful Hailstorm Heroes campaign, which helped promote and sell pears aesthetically damaged by storms in Victoria in 2015.   Tait also worked to promote Australian exports through the development of the Australian apple and pear exporter directory, and worked with the Australian Table Grape Association to develop an online registration system for mainland apple and pear growers to export to Thailand in 2017.   “During her time at APAL, Olivia has successfully helped to increase export opportunities for Australian apple and pear growers and provide support and services to exporting growers,” APAL said in a statement on its website. “Her creativity has seen the development of a range of export and locally focused campaigns including Picked for Perfection under the Australian sun, All Australian Apples and All Australian Pears; and participated in the successful Victorian government led Now in Season programme to promote ‘Brand Australia’ internationally.”   Meanwhile, APAL’s chief executive Phil Turnbull has spoken about the new direction the industry body will take in 2017.   “The board has tasked me with the responsibility of reviewing the APAL strategy. There’s two parts to that,” Turnbull told industry members via APAL’s Facebook page.   “The fundamental question is, how can we add genuine value back to our levy payers from an industry services point of view? The second part is how can we make our commercial business, which is fundamentally our Pink Lady business, thrive and survive, so we can again deliver genuine value back to our levy payers?” Comments (0) Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Sign up for free news updatesGo Popular news Read: LatestMost read 1Seeka commences Gem planting programme 2NZ cherries on chartered flights to Asia 3Florida citrus sees 'slight fluctuations' 4Seven & I eyeing China’s inland provinces 5Sweeki launches in China 6FTAs paying off for Aussie exporters 7APAL announces Sophie Clayton departure 8NZ cherries flying ahead of CNY 9Zespri awards academic scholarships 10Peruvian banana exports soar 1China access in sight for CA strawberries 2Maersk and Alibaba team up 3Alibaba signs MoU with GS1 Australia 4NZ cherries flying ahead of CNY 5Mergers on horizon for Asia shippers 6Merry Christmas from everyone at Fruitnet.com 7Japan's fruit consumption falls 8T&G Global unveils Jazz rebrand 9Zespri appoints market manager for Americas 10Price is right for Australian citrus Upcoming Events March to May 2017 Global Berry Congress ROTTERDAM (The Netherlands) 27-29 March 2017 Fresh Produce India MUMBAI (India) 27-28 April 2017 FPJ Live - The UK Fruit & Vegetable Congress Belfry Hotel & Resort, Birmingham (United Kingdom) 4 May 2017  Keep informed...  Twitter  Blog  Podcasts  Video  RSS Feed  Instagram Sign up for free news updatesGo Features & Analysis Online dating for fresh produce They describe themselves as the matchmakers of fresh produce – but what does this latest wave of fruit and veg e-commerce platforms offer suppliers? SH topfruit forecast revealed World Apple and Pear Association forecasts fall in Southern Hemisphere topfruit production in 2016 Agrofresh in Plant & Food agreement Two organisations establish a formal science, technology and business cooperation agreement Alibaba to promote Chilean fruits Chilean Fruit Exporters Association signs agreement with e-commerce giant to promote and sell Chilean blueberries and cherries in China Australia has little to gain from TPP The Trans Pacific Partnership will not deliver any significant benefits for Australia’s horticulture trade, argues market analyst Wayne Prowse Subscribers onlyGiles: Much more to come from Asia Promar International divisional director John Giles asks whether we are merely at the tip of the iceberg of Asian market growth Kiwifruit shines in Japan Leading Japanese importer hails “amazing” market performance for kiwifruit, which enjoyed record results in June Central finds new outlet for convenience Thai retailer working with its new convenience store chain partner FamilyMart to develop a fresh produce offering for consumers on-the-go NZ trade mission to Taiwan Thirty delegates from New Zealand will head to Taiwan on a trade mission to celebrate the ANZTEC agreement Hangzhou event hits the market Brand-building via e-commerce, reaching out to new consumers in tier-two and -three cities, and managing future market growth projections in China were some of the hot topics discussed at Asiafruit Market Insight Industry Events PreviousNext Asiafruit Congress Global Berry Congress Asia Fruit Logistica Fresh Produce India Fresh Produce Forum China FPJ Live - The UK Fruit & Vegetable Congress Deutscher Obst & Gemüse Kongress European Tomato Forum Latest Tweets Asiafruit @asiafruit FTAs paying off for Aussie exporters Click here Asiafruit @asiafruit NZ cherries flying out ahead of CNY Click here Asiafruit @asiafruit Zespri awards academic scholarships Click here Asiafruit @asiafruit Peruvian banana exports soar Click here Asiafruit @asiafruit Alibaba signs MoU with GS1 Australia Click here Asiafruit @asiafruit Winha makes successful ASX debut Click here Asiafruit @asiafruit Maersk and Alibaba team up Click here Asiafruit @asiafruit Healthy outlook for organic food Click here Asiafruit @asiafruit Market knowhow will boost exports Click here Asiafruit @asiafruit New loan deal offers The Greenery fresh start Click here TwitterFollow Us For fresh fruit and vegetable marketing and distribution in Asia Event calendar Contacts Disclaimer Refund Policy Site map Disclaimer Advertise About Fruitnet Asiafruitchina.net © Market Intelligence Ltd - Fruitnet.com 2017Market Intelligence Ltd - Fruitnet.com 132 Wandsworth Road, London, SW8 2LB, United Kingdom, Registration No. 1142 312 Cookie Policy Fruitnet.com would like to place cookies on your computer to help us make this website better. To find out more about the cookies, see our privacy policy. Don't accept Fruitnet.com cookies Accept Fruitnet.com cookies
Monday 16 January 2017 Home Trade News Trade News Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Media & Promotion Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Lifestyle Analysis, Interviews, Opinions Miscellaneous Other Sectors Business Directory Contact Advertise Newsletter Premium Content Home   » Media & Promotion   » TOP SPOT FOR POKÉMON GO Top grossing apps included Prisma, Reigns, Procreate, Lumino City and Sweat With Kayla. Apple’s App Store sales surge past $20bn in 2016 CUPERTINO, California, 10 days ago Apple’s App Store generated unprecedented revenue of more than $20 billion for developers last year, up over 40 per cent from 2015, while it registered its busiest single day ever on New Year’s Day, capping a record-breaking holiday season. Since the App Store launched in 2008, developers have earned over $60 billion, creating app experiences for App Store customers across iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch, Apple TV and Mac. Those efforts helped kick off 2017 with a remarkable start, making New Year’s Day the highest single day ever for the App Store with nearly $240 million in purchases, the company said on Thursday. “2016 was a record-shattering year for the App Store, generating $20 billion for developers, and 2017 is off to a great start with January 1 as the single biggest day ever on the App Store,” said Philip Schiller, Apple’s senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. “We want to thank our entire developer community for the many innovative apps they have created — which together with our products — help to truly enrich people’s lives.” Customers broke all-time records this holiday season with purchases from the App Store topping $3 billion in December. In the same month, Nintendo’s Super Mario Run made history with more than 40 million downloads in just four days after its release, and was the most downloaded app globally on Christmas and New Year’s Day. Super Mario Run is also among last year’s top 10 most downloaded apps worldwide, with Pokémon Go taking the top spot. Pokémon Go, a beloved game from Niantic, quickly became a cultural phenomenon in mid-2016. Prisma, Reigns, Procreate, Lumino City, Sweat With Kayla and djay Pro, from some of Apple's independent developers, were among the most successful apps for iPhone, iPad, Apple TV, Apple Watch and Mac, respectively. The App Store offers 2.2 million apps in total, up over 20 per cent from last year. With the App Store available in 155 countries, Apple’s customers have access to millions of apps to make their lives easier, enrich their passions and connect with people from all around the world. The App Store’s top-grossing markets include the US, China, Japan and the UK, with China experiencing record year-over-year growth at an incredible 90 per cent. The global impact of the App Store was captured this past year with two campaigns — Apps for Earth and Games for (RED). In partnership with the World Wildlife Fund and (RED), customers were empowered to make a difference, helping to protect life on our planet and join the fight against AIDS. The custom content created by each campaign’s participating developers helped raise over $17 million in total for the two organizations. With the introduction of iMessage apps and SiriKit in iOS 10, developers created exciting new types of app experiences. iPhone and iPad customers now have access to over 21,000 iMessage apps to send stickers and easily collaborate with friends, and for the first time ever, users can ask Siri to book rides, make payments, return a call and more. Since subscriptions became available across all 25 app categories this fall, including Games and Kids, customers can subscribe to their favourite services from over 20,000 apps, with Netflix, HBO Now, Line, Tinder and MLB.com At Bat among last year’s most popular. iPhone and iPad customers grew the App Store’s subscription billings significantly in 2016 to $2.7 billion, up 74 per cent from 2015. – TradeArabia News Service Tags: Apple | Nintendo | App Store | More Media & Promotion Stories Gulf Print & Pack sees 10pc growth in 2017 Falling costs spurring clean energy: new Irena report Jacky’s showcases latest signage, printing solutions Starz Play seals partnership deal with 20th Century Fox Hybrid Toyota up for grabs at UAE energy summit Majid Al Futtaim charity event big success King Salman wins King Faisal International Prize Brndstr launches region’s first Bot Studio, VR Lab Centrepoint ad campaign wins big at Cristal Festival Dubai Canvas 3D Art Festival set for March Qatar SC inks 2022 World Cup design deal Dubai to host international publishing summit Google appoints new managing director for Mena Sharjah World Music Festival to begin on Friday 12 artists kick off Dubai Street Museum project OBG appoints new team for Qatar project The Very Hungry Caterpillar comes to Dubai Adnoc names 120 ‘Oasis of Surprises’ winners TRA Bahrain blocks inapt social media content Huawei, Al Jazeera plan to deliver video online Dubai marks New Year with dazzling display Voting for Superbrands 2017 begins Saudi General Entertainment Authority board named Bahrain’s top DJ Jackson partners with Exelon Dubai Holding launches ‘Books for All’ drive VPS donates $1m to Emirates Red Crescent Mubadala backs UAE Disabled Sports Federation Dubai RTA in deal to develop youth initiatives Calendar of Events View all events Tools Exchange Rates Weather Forecast BBC World Service Ads Sectors | Information | About Us | Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Government & Laws Media & Promotion Back to top Trade News Newsletter Events Business Directory TradeArabia Network Advertising Contact Feedback Privacy Statement Terms of Service Web Feeds
WSOC Charlotte LIVE http://www.wsoctv.com/cmg-main-theme/css WSOC Charlotte SIGN IN REGISTER MEMBER CENTER SIGN OUT SIGN IN Sign in using your wsoc profile Need a profile? Register now. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} OR Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In * Required fields {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_postalZip *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Reset your password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Live 12388525 Home 12388579 News National & World News Report Breaking News Vote 2016 WSOC-TV apps Recalls 12388531 Weather Interactive Radar 5-Day Forecast Hour by Hour Forecast Video Sign Up! Closing Alerts Viewer Weather Pics Current Closings Report Closings WSOC-TV Weather Apps Closings Instructions 12388633 Traffic NC Traffic Cameras SC Traffic Cameras Gas Prices Flight Tracker 12388669 Sports Big 22 Charlotte Hornets NASCAR HSFB Scoreboard High School Football Carolina Panthers 12388795 9 Investigates Action 9 Whistleblower 9 Chopper 9 Skyzoom 12388717 Video WSOC-TV Live Live Breaking News 465970643 Coats For Kids Family Focus 9 School Tools 12388819 Entertainment GoCarolinas Contests 12388873 More About Us Contact Us TV64 Toyota of North Charlotte The Daily Two Advertise With Us Closed Captioning What's On Channel 9 What's On TV64 Privacy Policy Visitor Agreement Meet The Staff Talent Request Form More BREAKING NEWS The Latest at CES: Companies up 'wow' factor to stand out Updated: Jan 5, 2017 - 6:32 PM Twtter LAS VEGAS (AP) - The Latest on the CES gadget show in Las Vegas (all times local): 3:30 p.m. Companies are upping the "wow" factor trying to stand out as the CES gadget show formally opens in Las Vegas. Samsung, one of the largest exhibitors at the show, is offering demonstrations of its boat racing, air show and other virtual-reality experiences in chairs that move around. Hyundai is offering VR demos for people to experience what it's like to ride in an autonomous car. Also drawing crowds are flashy concept cars like the Toyota Concept-i, with doors that flip up and a 3-D display inside. Polaroid is showing off its Cube+ Wi-Fi camera with a bizarre display of rotating - but fake - monkeys wearing the camera. Camera images are displayed in a live feed above. It's a nod to the monkey-shaped stand that Polaroid sells for the Cube. On the TV front, LG wowed with an OLED 4K display tunnel, which people enter to see the new technology. One of the longer lines on the floor was at MyCharger's Power Up bar - which offered a free MyCharger along with what appeared to be green beer. It's actually regular Sam Adams in a green dye-infused cup. CES takes place over several, sprawling venues in Las Vegas. About 165,000 visitors are expected by the time it closes Sunday. ___ 2:45 p.m. Sometimes, it takes incentives to persuade people to change their habits. Mobile payment services such as Apple Pay and Samsung Pay still aren't widely used, in part because it isn't difficult for shoppers to pull out a plastic card at the cashier. Samsung tried to address that by offering points for each transaction, regardless of the amount spent - redeemable for gift cards and Samsung products. At a CES panel Thursday, Samsung executive Nana Murugesan said that since the launch of Samsung Rewards in November, daily usage of Samsung Pay has nearly doubled, while the number of users who make purchases almost daily more than doubles each week. The company hasn't specified the number of users and transactions, though analysts say it's still a small compared with cash and cards. ___ 1:55 p.m. Is Alexa spying on you? It's a fair question in light of attempts by authorities investigating the slaying of an Arkansas man to obtain voice recordings collected by an Amazon Echo speaker and its Alexa digital assistant. Yet the popularity and capabilities of voice-enabled products such as the Echo continue to grow. At the CES gadget show in Las Vegas, which opened Thursday, Whirlpool, Samsung and other manufacturers are unveiling new ways to use voice services to control laundry machines, refrigerators and other home systems. Consumers are apparently willing to trade a certain amount of privacy for convenience. The issue first grabbed headlines a couple of years ago, after Samsung said sensitive conversations could be captured by its voice-controlled smart TVs. Based on the flood of new voice-controlled gadgets headed to market, tech companies are betting that consumers will get over their fears. Comcast's Derrick Dicol likens it to people getting used to sharing their banking information online. ___ 1 p.m. T-Mobile says unlimited plans will be the only option for new customers even though they are more expensive than some of its old, limited plans. The company had said in August that it was phasing out its other plans in favor of just an unlimited plan. On Thursday, T-Mobile said those limited plans won't be sold anymore starting Jan. 22. Existing customers can keep their current plans. While some existing customers could switch over to the $70-a-month unlimited plan and save money, others would pay more. Most customers who just pay for one or two lines or who have a lower-data plan - 2 gigabytes per line - would save money by sticking to what they have. And T-Mobile's unlimited plan isn't exactly unlimited. If the network is busy, T-Mobile may slow speeds on customers that used more than 28 gigabytes. ___ 12:15 p.m. Beauty brands L'Oreal and Karastase want to make bad hair days a thing of the past. The two companies teamed up with tech company Withings on a Hair Coach brush that uses a microphone, gyroscope and other sensors to monitor how fast and how hard a person is brushing. An accompanying app recommends how to brush for optimal quality and minimal breakage and split ends. It can also take into account hair-influencing factors like heat or humidity and even discern if hair is wet or dry. The "smart brush" has been garnering buzz at the CES tech show in Las Vegas. Vincent Nida, worldwide general manager at Paris-based Kerastase, says one of the top beauty queries online is consistently about taking better care of your hair. The battery-powered brush starts collecting data when a user begins brushing. The smarts may seem like overkill considering the price of the brush - $200. By contrast, Amazon sells brushes for as little as $1. But Nida says you're getting a high-quality brush "even if you don't have batteries or you don't connect it to your cell phone." The Hair Coach brush is due out in mid-2017. ___ 11:05 a.m. Who needs a keyboard? Dell is introducing a new way to interact with your computer. The Dell Canvas 27 is a 27-inch glass surface that sits flat on a desk in front of a monitor. The touch surface is where a keyboard would normally be. Various widgets are available to manipulate items on the monitor. The Canvas also comes with a pen for sketching and creating. Dell envisions people using the device to edit photos and video, work on music and even work with financial tables. The goal is to replace clutter generally found on a desk. Instead of working with paper on a desk, just use the touch surface. The device launches in the spring and is expected to cost less than $2,000 - or around $3,000 with the monitor included. Lenovo has a similar concept in last fall's Yoga Book. It's a laptop that replaces the keyboard with a touch screen for both typing and doodling. But the screen is smaller, measuring 10 inches diagonally. Dell announced the Canvas at the CES gadget show on Thursday. Tom Holland, star of "Spider-Man: Homecoming," also stopped by to introduce two Dell products - a tablet and a gaming laptop - that will appear in the movie. ___ 10:15 a.m. Smartphones can do almost anything, but how about molecular physics? An Israeli startup has embedded a molecular sensor called Scio in a new smartphone that can analyze any material - whether that's the nutritional content of an apple or a person's body fat. Consumer Physics' scanners use infrared light to analyze molecular structure. The startup has been developing them for a few years, but this is the first time it's embedded in a mobile device - one from Chinese phone manufacturer Changhong. Is that a little too much science to carry around in your pocket? Consumer Physics CEO Dror Sharon says knowledge is power. He explains, "When we go out and buy stuff, eat stuff, drink stuff, we think we know what's in there, but we have no clue." Pricing and availability for the phone will be announced Friday at the CES gadget show in Las Vegas. ___ 9:30 a.m. Apple's app store closed 2016 with 2.2 million apps, an increase of 20 percent from 2015. Apple says New Year's Day 2017 was the biggest day ever for app store purchases - people bought nearly $240 million of stuff in the digital marketplace. Nintendo's "Super Mario Run" was the most downloaded app worldwide on both Christmas and New Year's Day. The app is free to download, but it costs a whopping $10 to play the full version. In what should surprise no one, "Pokemon Go" was the year's most popular app. The game peaked over the summer, when hordes of people prowled real-life locations to catch digital pocket monsters through its innovative augmented reality interface. Other popular apps included Sweat With Kayla, a workout app, and Procreate, a painting and sketching app. The milestones were announced as the CES gadget show in Las Vegas formally opened, though Apple has no official presence there. ___ 8:20 a.m. Intel thinks the future of virtual reality is skydiving in the desert, watching live sports from a ringside seat and cringing as zombies attack - all powered by Intel chips. Wednesday's demo featured leather chairs, Oculus sensors and headsets - and a barf bag, signaling this was not an ordinary press conference. One demo was a live feed from a 360-degree camera attached to a drone inspecting solar panels in a desert. Intel was showing how the technology could be used in a work environment. A more exciting live feed showed a college basketball game between Butler and Villanova. Travel experiences took viewers to a waterfall scene in Vietnam and a skydiving experience in the Moab Valley. A trailer for "Arizona Sunshine," a VR game, made viewers jump as zombies lunged for them. No one - noticeably - made use of the barf bags. CEO Brian Krzanich acknowledges that some people are questioning whether VR is going anywhere. He adds, "I hope these experiences give you a taste of where it's going." The CES gadget show in Las Vegas formally opens Thursday after two days of media previews. ___ 7:10 a.m. Amazon doesn't have an official presence at the CES gadget show in Las Vegas but its Alexa voice control software seems to be everywhere. Whirlpool is adding Alexa voice control to its suite of smart-home appliances, including a stove and refrigerator. With that capability, someone can instruct the oven to pre-heat to 400 degrees by speaking a command to an Alexa-enabled device, such as Amazon's Echo speaker. Jason Mathew, senior director of global connected strategy for Whirlpool, says voice is "the most natural way to interact with a product." Other gadgets that include Alexa: Sensory and OnVocal are both launching headphones that incorporate Alexa. Simplehuman is announcing a voice-activated trash can. And GE Lighting is launching a table lamp that includes Alexa software. Amazon has an edge on the market for now because its software has been out longer, but Google's and Apple's systems are catching up. Mathew says "Amazon is the most mature, but we expect to offer other options in the future." Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Twtter The Latest at CES: Companies up 'wow' factor to stand out The Latest: Steelers' Boswell ties playoff FG record with 5 Kevin Starr, California's premier historian, dies at 76 Man stabbed during party at university chancellor's home Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump on Russia threat News Local News National/World News Video Traffic WSOC-TV Weather Weather Storm Tracker HD Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu About Us About WSOC - TV What's on WSOC - TV Closed Captioning WSOC - TV EEOC Statement WSOC - TV Public File Contact / Program Director WSOC - TV Public File WAXN - TV EEOC Statement WAXN - TV Public File Contact / Program Director WAXN - TV Public File © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. This station is part of Cox Media Group Television. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
Cell Phones & Plans Business Phone Home Phone Internet Television Deals Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog! Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones Compare Cell Plans CREDO Mobile Tello Ting T-Mobile Sprint Pix Wireless The People's Operator Republic Wireless Boost Mobile Straight Talk AT&T Virgin Mobile Verizon Wireless Net10 No Contract Plans See all carriers Phone Categories Smartphone Basic Phones Waterproof/Rugged Phablets Free Phones Phone Manufacturers Apple HTC Motorola LG Samsung See All Manufacturers Cell Phone Reviews Cell Phone News Phone vs Phone Cell Phone Videos App Reviews Official Smartphone Rankings VoIP Long Distance Residential VoIP Holiday Deals Trending: iPhone 7 Google Pixel Official Smartphone Rankings Login Register Search Enter your keywords f g+ t Follow @phonedog yt         Maybe the rumored iOS 'Theater Mode' won't be a bad thing Apple Evan Selleck Contributing Editor | January 5, 2017 0 shares 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0               Before 2016 bowed out completely, it wasn't done with one more "bombshell" of a rumor: Theater Mode in iOS 10.3. It made the rounds on the internet after a single tweet, with not much information tagging along with it, but it obviously has many folks not-too-pleased with the possibility. Apple hasn't said anything about it, obviously, but what we know at this point is that there will apparently be a "popcorn-shaped" button in Control Center, which will activate Theater Mode. What that means, exactly, is anyone's guess at this point. Some have speculated that it could simply reduce the display's brightness and prevent it from going any brighter. Some believe that it could change a lot more than that. If the rumor is true, Apple has some kind of idea to make it less frustrating when people take their phones out during a movie. That's how I'm looking at this. Apple isn't going to stop people from being rude in a movie theater, and even theaters themselves have trouble with it. There are some chains out there that have a simple rule: "Pull your phone out during a movie and get kicked out," and I'll be honest here -- I respect those establishments. I go to movies a lot, and there's typically one phone pulled out every time I go. In fact, I went to see Rogue One last weekend, and a guy sitting in front of me kept pulling out his phone, covering the display with his hand, and texting away. He did this more than a few times, and it was more annoying each and every instance. Rude people are going to pull their phones out, but I don't think that's the issue itself. I find the worst of it comes in the fact when people text during a movie, but don't reduce the brightness of their phone's display. That's what drives me crazy. I've been watching people text during movies for a long time, and I don't think having a bright screen really matters to most of them. (Smartwatches are an issue, too, for the record.) And I don't want people to text during movies. I've written about this in the past. I prefer theaters that have a no tolerance policy towards this. But some people aren't going to care about the rules, and they aren't going to stop texting in theaters. So if Apple can make it possible for those people to be less annoying while they do it? I think I'm on board with that. The obvious question of whether or not this will inspire people to text, when they might not have before, is valid. But I'm trying to stay positive here. Apple iOS iOS 10.3 Theater Mode Apple Previous ArticleApple needs more than a new screen size to boost iPad sales Next ArticleWhich company are you hoping to be surprised by in 2017? Don't forget to VOTE! Each week, PhoneDog Fans vote for their #1 smartphone in the Official Smartphone Rankings. Vote now and contribute to the industry's most relevant weekly ranking charts. Related Posts T-Mobile is right; postpaid billing is a nightmare Alcatel A3 XL is a new Android smartphone with a 6-inch display Kodak Ektra and its 21-megapixel camera are coming to North America Nexus 6 receives Android 7.1.1 update View the discussion thread. Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A206G Alcatel A382G Big Easy Alcatel A392G Alcatel A394C Alcatel Authority Alcatel Big Easy Flip Black Alcatel Cinch Alcatel Dawn Alcatel Fling Black Alcatel Ideal Alcatel Idol 4 Alcatel Idol 4S Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel One Touch Idol Alcatel One Touch Scribe HD Alcatel One Touch Shockwave Alcatel One Touch Ultra Alcatel One Touch Yaris Black Alcatel OneTouch B3G Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce XL Alcatel ONETOUCH Fling Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel ONETOUCH Pixi Avion Alcatel Onetouch Pixi Bond Alcatel onetouch Pixi Charm Alcatel onetouch Pixi ECLIPSE Alcatel onetouch Pixi GLITZ Alcatel onetouch Pixi Glory LTE Alcatel onetouch Pixi PULSAR Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel ONETOUCH POP Astro Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Nova Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel ONETOUCH Speakeasy Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire HD Kids Edition 6 inch Blue Amazon Fire Phone Amazon Kindle Fire 7 inch Black Amazon Kindle Fire HD 6 (2014) Amazon Kindle Fire HD 7 Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 7 inch Black 16GB Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 Black 16GB Amoi CS6 Silver Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad Apple iPad 2 Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 WiFi and 3G 16GB Black Apple iPad 4th Gen Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad mini 3 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 3 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad mini with Retina display 16GB Silver Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad Pro 9.7 Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4 32GB Black Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 4S 64GB White Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Apple iPhone SE Apple iPod Touch - 8GB Apple new iPad Apple new iPad WiFi and 4G 16GB Black Apple Watch Asus Eee Pad Memo ME370T Asus Eee Slate Asus Google Nexus 7 Asus Memo Pad 10 inch Black ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE Asus PadFone Black Asus Padfone mini Asus PadFone X ASUS PadFone X mini Asus Transformer Asus Transformer Prime TF700T ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenFone 2E Asus ZenFone 4 Asus ZenFone 5 Asus ZenFone 6 ASUS ZenFone Zoom Asus ZenWatch ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Cingular Flip AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z223 GoPhone AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox 8425 Audiovox 9200 Audiovox CDM-105 / CDM-7000 Audiovox CDM-120 Audiovox CDM-8100 Audiovox CDM-8150X Audiovox CDM-8200 Audiovox CDM-8300 Audiovox CDM-8400 / CDM-8410 Audiovox CDM-8450 / CDM-8455 / VI600 Audiovox CDM-8500 Audiovox CDM-8600 Audiovox CDM-8615 Audiovox CDM-8900 Audiovox CDM-8910 / FLASHER V7/PM-8912 Audiovox CDM-8915 / Snapper Audiovox CDM-8930 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-9100 Audiovox CDM-9150X Audiovox CDM-9155GPX Audiovox CDM-9200X Audiovox CDM-9500 Audiovox CDM-9600 Audiovox CDM-9900 Audiovox CDM-9950 Audiovox HTC-Apache / PPC-6700 Audiovox PC-3320 Audiovox PC-5220 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox PM-8920 Audiovox PPC 4100 Audiovox PPC-5050-Falcon Audiovox PPC-6600/6601 Audiovox SMT-5600 Audiovox THERA / 2032 Audiovox VI600 Audiovox VOX-8610 Audiovox XV6600 B-Mobile B1+ B-Mobile C240 3G Flip Barnes & Noble Nook 16GB Silver BenQ P50 BenQ T60 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 6210 / 6230 BlackBerry 6280 BlackBerry 6510 BlackBerry 6710 BlackBerry 6750 BlackBerry 7100g BlackBerry 7100i BlackBerry 7100r BlackBerry 7100t BlackBerry 7100v BlackBerry 7100x BlackBerry 7105t BlackBerry 7130c BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7230 / 7210 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7270 BlackBerry 7280 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 7510 BlackBerry 7520 BlackBerry 7750 BlackBerry 7780 / 7730 BlackBerry 8700c BlackBerry 8700g BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8800 BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry 8830 BlackBerry 9000-Bold BlackBerry 9330 Titanium BlackBerry 9720 White BlackBerry Apollo BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 Charcoal BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 Black BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9300 Black BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9320 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Curve-8300 BlackBerry Curve-8310 Red BlackBerry DTEK50 BlackBerry Javelin BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9100 Black BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9105 Black BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 White BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Pearl-8100 Blue BlackBerry PlayBook BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Q5 White BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Thunder-9500 BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Dash X BLU Life One M Blu Life One X BLU Life One X BLU Life Play S BLU Life Play X BLU LIFE PRO BLU Life Pure BLU Life View BLU Life View Tab BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Pure XR BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 C HD Black BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C 8+8 BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE BLU Vivo 4.8 HD BLU Vivo IV BLU Vivo XL BLU Win HD Neon Green BLU Win JR White Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder - Black & Silver CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compal AR-11 Red E SC1100 Coolpad Arise Coolpad Catalyst Coolpad Flo Coolpad Flo Black Coolpad Rogue Curitel Identity Curitel TX-110C Curitel TX-115C Curitel TX-120C Curitel TX-30B Curitel TX-50C Curitel TX-55C Curitel TX-60B/TX-61B Curitel TX-65B Curitel TX-95C Danger HIPTOP / SIDEKICK Color Danger HIPTOP / T-MOBILE SIDEKICK Danger HIPTOP 2 / SIDEKICK II Danger Sidekick-3 Danger Sidekick-iD Grey Dell Aero Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Dell Venue Dell Venue Pro Digital Chocolate Inc. Crazy Penguin Catapult Digix Tab 730 Double Power Nobis 7 Inch 8GB White DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Ematic 7 Inch HD quad-core Ematic EGD 170 Black Enact by LG Ericsson A1228C Ericsson A1228D / A1228LX Ericsson A2218Z Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson R278D Ericsson R280 / R289 Ericsson R300D / R300LX Ericsson R300Z Ericsson R380 WORLD Ericsson R520 Ericsson T28-World Ericsson T39 Ericsson T60D / T60LX Ericsson T66 Ericsson T68 Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson Z750a Eten Glofiish-X500 Firefly FireFly Franklin 3G-4G USB U600 Franklin CDU-550AL Franklin Ellipsis Jetpack Black Franklin U300 Aircard Franklin U301 USB Device Franklin U600 4G USB Stick Black Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Garmin-Asus nuvifone M20 Generic Manufacturer Sample Giveaway Item Generic Manufacturer VK-530 Google Nexus 10 16GB Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 7 Google Nexus 9 Google Nexus One Google Pixel Google Pixel C Google Pixel XL Hitachi G1000 Hitachi SH-P300 Honor 6X HP H6315 / H6310 HP iPAQ Glisten HP iPAQ hw6510 / hw6515 HP iPAQ-510-Voice-Messenger HP iPAQ-610-Business-Navigator HP IPAQ-6320 HP iPAQ-6325 HP iPAQ-6945 HP iPAQ-910c-Business-Messenger HP iPAQ-hw6915 HP iPAQ-hw6940 HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Netbook 9.7 inch Black HP Palm Pre 2 HP Pre 3 HP Slate 7 HP Slate10 HD HP Slate7 Extreme HP Slate7 Plus HP Slate8 Pro HP TouchPad HP Veer 4G HTC 10 HTC 3125 HTC 5800 HTC 7 Pro HTC 8125 HTC 8525 HTC 8925-Tilt HTC 8XT HTC A11 White HTC A5 Max Gray HTC Accord Black HTC All New One HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC BLUE ANGEL / MDA III / XDA IIS HTC Bolt HTC CANARY / SPV HTC Cedar HTC Dash HTC Dash 3G HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 530 HTC Desire 601 Black HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire C Black HTC Desire EYE HTC Desire Eye HTC Dream HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO V 4G Black HTC EVO View 4G HTC Excalibur HTC Faraday / 2100 / 2125 HTC First HTC Flyer HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC G1 HTC HD 7 HTC HD Mini HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Hero S HTC HIMALAYAS / XDA II / MDA II HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Lancaster HTC Legend HTC M7 (Beta) HTC Magic HTC Magician / MDA Compact HTC Max 4G HTC MDA HTC MDA Basic HTC Merge HTC Merge HTC Mogul HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC myTouch 3G 3.5mm Jack White HTC myTouch 3G Slide Black HTC myTouch 3G White HTC Nexus 9 HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One Google Play edition HTC One M7 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One mini 2 HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One VX White HTC One X HTC One X global HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC P3300 HTC P4300 HTC P4350 HTC P6500 HTC PPC6800 HTC Prophet/i-mate JAMin HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhodium HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC S710 HTC S720 HTC S730 HTC S740 HTC S743 HTC Salsa HTC SDA HTC Sensation HTC Shadow HTC Shift HTC SMT5800 HTC Snap HTC Space Needle/Pocket PC Phone HTC Star Trek/8500 HTC Status HTC Surround HTC TANAGER / SPV E100 / QTEK 7070 HTC Tattoo HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Tornado/SDA HTC Touch HTC Touch Cruise HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Diamond2 HTC Touch HD HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Touch Pro 6850 HTC Touch Viva HTC Touch-Cruise HTC Touch-DUAL HTC Touch-XV6900 HTC Trophy HTC TyTN HTC TyTN-II-Kaiser HTC U Play HTC U Ultra HTC Vivid HTC VOYAGER / SPV E200 / XPHONE HTC Warhawk HTC Wildfire S HTC Wing HTC X7500 HTC XV6800 Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend Huawei Ascend 5W HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Mate2 Huawei Ascend P1 S Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend Q Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC-3360 Huawei EC228 Huawei Express Huawei Express Mobile Hotspot Huawei Fusion 2 Black Huawei Fusion U8652 Blue Huawei Glory Huawei GX8 Huawei H110C Huawei H110C Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei H881 Black Huawei Honor 5X Huawei Honor 6 Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Honor 8 Huawei Impulse 4G Huawei Inspira Huawei M318 Huawei M328 Huawei M735 Huawei M750 Huawei M835 Huawei M865 Huawei Magna Huawei Mate 8 Huawei Mate 9 Huawei Mate S Huawei Mercury Huawei Mercury Ice Huawei NET10 Home Phone Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei P9 Huawei P9 Plus Huawei Pal Huawei Pillar Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle 2 Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Pronto Huawei Raven Huawei SENSA Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei Summit Huawei Tap Berry Huawei Tap Midnight Blue Huawei U2800A Pal Black Huawei U3900 Black Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei UMG181 Huawei Union Huawei USBConnect Force 4G Huawei Valiant Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei W1 Huawei Watch i-mate JAM i-mate JAQ i-mate JAQ3 i-mate JASJAR 3G PDA i-mate K-JAM i-mate PDAL i-mate Smartflip i-mate SP3i i-mate SPL i-mate Ultimate 6150 i-mate Ultimate 8150 i-mate Ultimate-8502 i-mate Ultimate-9502 innostream INNO A11 innostream INNO-30 innostream INNO-55 innostream INNO-89 innostream INNO-90 innostream INNO-98 / 99 Jolla Tablet KIN One Kyocera 1135 Kyocera 1155 Kyocera 126C Kyocera 2119 Kyocera 2135 Kyocera 2235 Kyocera 2255 Kyocera 2325 Kyocera 2345 Kyocera 3225 Kyocera 323 Kyocera 3245 Kyocera 3250 Kyocera 5135 Kyocera 7135 Kyocera Adreno-S240 Black Kyocera AKTIV-K480 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera Cyclops-K312 Kyocera Cyclops-K325 Kyocera Deco-E1000 Kyocera Domino Kyocera Dorado-KX13 Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraForce Pro Kyocera DuraForce XD Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraPro Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXE Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXTP Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera Echo Kyocera ENERGI-K490 Kyocera ENERGI-K493 Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Air Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Life Kyocera Hydro REACH Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro View Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K10 Royale Kyocera K132 Kyocera K322 Kyocera K323 Kyocera K342 Kyocera K404 Kyocera K822 Kyocera K9 Kyocera KE413 / KE414 Phantom Kyocera KE424C / KX424 Blade Kyocera KE433 / K7 Rave Kyocera Kona Kyocera KPC-650 Kyocera KPC650 EVDO PC Card Kyocera KPC680-ExpressCard Kyocera KX1-SOHO Kyocera KX12 Kyocera KX16-Candid Kyocera KX18-ANGEL Kyocera KX18-JET Kyocera KX2 Kyocera KX2-KOI Kyocera KX414 Phantom Kyocera KX433 / KX434 Rave Kyocera KX440 / KX444 Kyocera KX9A Kyocera Laylo M1400 Kyocera Lingo-M1000 Kyocera Loft S2300 Black Kyocera Luno Kyocera Mako-S4000 Black Kyocera Melo S1300 Kyocera Milan-KX9B / KX9C Kyocera Milano Kyocera Neo E1100 Kyocera Oystr-KX9d Kyocera Presto Kyocera Presto Kyocera QCP-2035 Kyocera QCP-3035 Kyocera QCP-6035 Kyocera Rally Kyocera Rio Kyocera Rise Kyocera S14-Opal Kyocera S2100 Black Kyocera SE47 / SE44 / V5 Slider Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Slider-Remix-KX5 Kyocera Slider-Sonic Kyocera Strobe-K612B Kyocera Switch-Back Kyocera Tempo-E2000 Kyocera TNT Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve Kyocera Wild-Card Kyocera X-tc M2000 Kyocera Xcursion-KX160 LeapFrog Tic-Talk LeEco Le Pro3 LeEco Le S3 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro LG 221C LG 101 LG 1010 LG 108C LG 109C LG 1500 LG 200 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 237C LG 238C LG 290c LG 305C LG 306G LG 306G LG 320G LG 329G LG 400G LG 4015 LG 4050 LG 410G LG 420G Black LG 440G Black LG 441G LG 442BG LG 450 LG 4NE1 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 5450 LG 600G LG 6190 LG 620G LG 800G LG 840G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG A7110 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Apex LG Arena LG Aspire LG Attune LG AX-145 LG AX-245 LG AX-275 Silver LG AX-355 LG AX-390 LG AX-4270 LG AX-490 LG AX-8600 Silver LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX4750 LG AX5000 / UX5000 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG B470 LG Banter LG Banter Touch LG Beacon LG Beacon LG Bliss LG C1300i LG C2000 LG C900 LG CE110 LG CE500 LG CF360 LG CG180 LG CG225 LG CG300 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Classic LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Connect 4G LG Converse LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 2 Black LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG CP150 LG CU320 LG CU400 LG CU500 LG CU500v LG CU515 LG Dare LG Decoy LG Destiny LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV-VX-9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Envoy LG Envoy II LG Escape LG Escape 2 LG Esteem LG Esteem LG Exalt LG Exceed Black LG Exchange LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG F7200 LG F9100 LG F9200 LG Fathom LG Flare LG Freedom LG Fusic-LX550 LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 Google Play edition LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Pad X 8.0 LG G Pro 2 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G Watch LG G Watch R LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG G4010 / G4011 LG G4020 LG G5 LG Genesis LG Glance LG Glimmer LG GM730 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG HB620T LG Helix UX310 Orange LG Ignite LG Imprint LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Intuition LG Invision LG K10 LG K3 LG K4 LG K7 LG K8 V LG KE850-Prada LG KE970-Shine LG KF900-Prada LG KP265 LG KP500 Cookie LG KU990-Viewty LG L1150 / L1100 LG L1200 LG L1400 LG L1400i LG L34C LG L35G SIM4 LG L39C LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG LG 530G LG LG-AX-140 LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX-150 LG LX-5550 / VX-5550 LG LX1200 LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX400 LG LX535 LG LX5350 LG LX550 LG Lyric LG M4410 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Migo (sm) LG MM-535 LG Motion 4G LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Muziq-LX-570 Black LG Mystique LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus 2X LG Optimus 4X HD LG Optimus Black LG Optimus C LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F5 LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M LG Optimus M Plus LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus Plus LG Optimus Q LG Optimus Regard LG Optimus S LG Optimus S Purple LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus Slider LG Optimus U LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus V LG Optimus V LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Optimus Zone 3 LG Phoenix LG Phoenix 2 LG PM-225 LG PM-225 LG PM-325 LG Power L22C LG Premier LG Prestige LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Realm Black LG Rebel LG Remarq LG Renoir-KC910 LG Revere LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Black LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Saber LG Scoop LG Select LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Shine-CU720 LG Spirit LG Spirit 4G LG Splendor LG Spyder 830 LG Star Black LG Stylo 2 LG Stylo 2 PLUS LG Stylo 2 V LG Sunrise LG Sunset LG Swift LG Thrive LG TM-220 LG TM-510 LG TP-1100 LG TP-5200 LG TP-5250 LG Transpyre LG Trax-CU575 LG Treasure LTE LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tribute 5 LG Tribute HD LG Tritan LG U8150 LG Ultimate 2 LG UX-210 LG UX-245 LG UX-355 LG UX-390 LG UX220 LG UX4750 LG V10 LG V20 LG Venice LG Venus LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG VI5225 / 5400A LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Voyager LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX-1 / TM-520 LG VX-10 LG VX-2000 LG VX-3100 / 3100A / TM250 LG VX-3200 LG VX-3450 LG VX-4100 LG VX-4270 LG VX-4400 LG VX-4500 LG VX-4600 LG VX-4700 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5400 LG VX-6000 LG VX-6100 LG VX-7000 LG VX-8000 LG VX-8100 LG VX-8300 LG VX-8350 LG VX-8500-Chocolate LG VX-8550-Chocolate Black LG VX-8600 LG VX-8700 LG VX-9000 LG VX-9400 LG VX-9800 LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX4650 LG VX5200 LG VX5300 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8350 Red LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Wave-AX380 LG Wine II UN430 Titanium Gray LG X Power LG X Style LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG Xpression 2 Blue LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Linksys Hi Port Router Lucid 3 by LG Mach Speed Trio Stealth G4 Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro G2 MEEP Children's Android Tablet Meizu M2 Note Meta M1 MW4003 Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 650 Microsoft Lumia 735 Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot by Novatel Wireless MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless MiTAC MIO-8380 MiTAC MIO-8390 Mitsubishi G310 Mitsubishi G360 Mitsubishi G410 Mitsubishi M900/M430i Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Moto E3 Moto G4 Moto G4 Play Moto G4 Plus Moto Z Force Moto Z Play Motorola HOLLYWOOD/ E815 Motorola 2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Dale-Jarrett Motorola 388C Motorola 408 Motorola A009 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A1200/MING Black Motorola A388 Motorola A6288 Motorola A630 Motorola A630 Motorola A668 Motorola A780 Motorola A810 Motorola A830 Motorola A835 Motorola A840 Motorola A845 Motorola A855 Motorola A920 Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola AURA Motorola Backflip Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola Buzz-ic502 Black Motorola C139 Motorola C155 Motorola C168i Motorola C186i Motorola C250 / C256 Motorola C261 Motorola C290 Motorola C331T Motorola C332 / C331G / C333 Motorola C343 / C343A / C341 Motorola C350G / C353 / C359 GSM Motorola C353T Motorola C370 / C450 Motorola C380 Motorola C381p Motorola C650 Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch Plus i475 Motorola Crush Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID TURBO Black Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid Xyboard 10.1 Motorola Droid Xyboard 8.2 Motorola e1000 Motorola E310 Motorola E380 Motorola E398 Motorola E680 Motorola E815 Motorola Electrify Motorola Electrify 2 Motorola Electrify M Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Grasp Motorola Heron Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola Hollywood-E816 Black Motorola i1 Motorola I2000PLUS Motorola i205 Motorola i215 Motorola i265 Motorola i275 Motorola i285 Motorola i290 Motorola i296 Black Motorola i305 Motorola I30SX Motorola i315 Motorola i325 Motorola i335 Motorola i355 Motorola I35S Motorola i365 Motorola i415 Motorola i425 Motorola i450 Motorola I50SX Motorola i530 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i530y Motorola I55SR / I58SR Motorola i560 Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i580 Motorola i605 Motorola i605 Motorola I60C Motorola i670 Motorola i710 Motorola i710 Motorola i720 Motorola i730 / i733 Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Jeff-Gordon Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Tony-Stewart Motorola i760 Motorola i776 Motorola i776W Motorola I80S Motorola i830 Motorola i830 Silver Motorola i835 Motorola i836 Motorola i850 Motorola i855 Motorola I85S / I88S Motorola i860 Motorola i870 Motorola i880 Motorola i880 Motorola i885 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola I90C Motorola i920 Motorola i930 Motorola I95CL / I99CL Motorola ic402-Blend Motorola ic602-Buzz Motorola ic902 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR-K1 Cosmic Blue Motorola KRZR-K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Luge Black Motorola Milestone 3 Motorola Milestone Plus Motorola Moto 360 Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto E Black Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto G 4G LTE Motorola Moto G Play Motorola MOTO VE66 Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Pure Motorola Moto Z Motorola MOTO Z10 Motorola MOTO ZN200 Motorola MOTO-ACTV-W450 Yellow Motorola MOTOMING-A1600 Motorola MOTOMING-A1800 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM25 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM28 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM30 Motorola MPx Motorola MPX100 Motorola MPX200 Motorola MPX220 Motorola PEBL Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q Motorola Q-11 Motorola Q9 Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9h-Global Motorola Q9m Motorola Quantico W845 Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola Razr V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR VE20 Motorola RAZR-maxx-Ve Motorola RAZR-V3 Silver Motorola RAZR-V3a Motorola RAZR-V3c Motorola RAZR-V3i Motorola RAZR-V3m Motorola RAZR-V3r Fire Red Motorola RAZR-V3s Motorola RAZR-V3t Black Motorola RAZR-V3x Dark Blue Motorola RAZR-V3xx Grey Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola RAZR2-V8 Motorola RAZR2-V9 Motorola RAZR2-V9x Black Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR-Z3 Black Motorola RIZR-Z6c Motorola RIZR-Z6tv Motorola RIZR-Z8 Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR EM35 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola ROKR-E1 Motorola ROKR-E2 Motorola ROKR-E6 Motorola ROKR-Z6 Black Motorola ROKR-Z6m Motorola Roxy-i830 Motorola Sidekick-Slide Motorola SLVR-L7 Motorola SLVR-L7c Black Motorola SLVR-L7e Motorola SLVR-L7i Motorola SLVR-L9 Motorola Stature i9 Motorola Surf A3100 Motorola T191 Motorola T280I Motorola T300P Motorola T720 / T721 Motorola T720I / T722I GSM Motorola T722i Motorola T725E Motorola T730 / T731C Motorola TALKABOUT-T193 / T193M Motorola Theory Motorola TIMEPORT P7382I Motorola TIMEPORT-270C Motorola TIMEPORT-P280 Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola U9 Black Motorola v100 Motorola v120C Motorola v120e Motorola v120T Motorola v120X Motorola V171 Motorola V173 Motorola V176 Motorola V177 Motorola v180 Motorola V188 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V195 Motorola v200 Motorola v220 Motorola V226 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V260 / V262 Motorola v265 Motorola V266 Motorola V276 Motorola v300 Motorola v323 Motorola V325 Motorola V330 Motorola V360 Motorola V365 Motorola V3a Fire red Motorola v400 Motorola V400p Motorola v500 / v525 / v505 Motorola v535 / v545 / v550 / e550 Motorola V540 Motorola V551 Motorola V555 Motorola V557 Motorola v600 Motorola V600 Motorola v60C Motorola v60G Motorola v60I-TDMA / v60TI Motorola v60P / v60S Motorola v60T Motorola v60V Motorola V60X Motorola v620 Motorola v635 Motorola V65p Motorola v66 Motorola v66I Motorola v690 Motorola v70 Motorola v710 Motorola v80 Motorola v810 Motorola V872 Motorola v878 Motorola V980 Motorola VE240 Motorola VE465 Motorola VE75 Black Motorola VU204 Motorola W160 Motorola W175 Motorola W180 Motorola W206 Motorola W213 Motorola W230 Motorola W270 Motorola W315 Black Motorola W370 Motorola W375 Motorola W375g Motorola W376g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W395 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W419G Black Motorola W490 Motorola W490 Motorola W510 Motorola W510 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XPRT Motorola Z6w Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC 232E NEC 515 NEC 525 NEC 535 NEC Terrain Neonode Freerunner Neonode N1 Neonode N2 Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot NETGEAR Unite Netgear Zing NETGEAR Zing Netgear Zing Mobile Hotspot Nextbit Robin NextBook NEXT 10P12 9.7 inch Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nixxo NXG-7300 Nixxo NXG-9230 Nokia 1006 Nokia 1100 Nokia 1101 Nokia 1108 Apple Silver Nokia 1110 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1221 Nokia 1260 / 1261 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1606 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2115i/2116i Nokia 2125i/2126i/2128i Nokia 2128 Nokia 2135 Nokia 216 Nokia 2260 Nokia 2270 Nokia 2285 / 2275 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2365i Nokia 2366i Nokia 2600 Nokia 2608 Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2650 Nokia 2651 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2700 Classic Nokia 2855 Nokia 2865 Nokia 3100 Nokia 3108 Nokia 3120 Blue Nokia 3128 Nokia 3155i / VI3155 Nokia 3200 Nokia 3205 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3230 Nokia 3250 Black Nokia 3285 Nokia 3300 Nokia 3360 / 3361 Nokia 3390 Nokia 3395 Nokia 3500-classic Nokia 3555 Nokia 3560 Nokia 3570 Nokia 3585 / 3585I Nokia 3586I / 3588I Nokia 3588i Nokia 3589I / 3587I Nokia 3590 Nokia 3595 Nokia 3600 Nokia 3600-Slide Wine Nokia 3606 Nokia 3610 Nokia 3620 Nokia 3650 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5100 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5140 Nokia 5165 Nokia 5185I Nokia 5220-XpressMusic Nokia 5300 Red Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5320-XpressMusic Nokia 5500-Sport Nokia 5530 XpressMusic Black Nokia 5610 Nokia 5630 XpressMusic Red Nokia 5700-XpressMusic Nokia 5800-XpressMusic Blue Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6015i Nokia 6016i Nokia 6020 Nokia 6021 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6060 Nokia 6061 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6086 Nokia 6100 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6101/6102 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6103 Nokia 6108 Nokia 6110 Nokia 6111 Nokia 6120-classic Nokia 6121-classic Nokia 6125 Nokia 6126 Nokia 6131 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6136 Nokia 6155i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6170 Nokia 6200 Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6215i Nokia 6220 Nokia 6225 / PM6225 Nokia 6230 Nokia 6230i Nokia 6233 Black Nokia 6235i/6236i Nokia 6255i Nokia 6256i Nokia 6260 Nokia 6260 slide Black Nokia 6263 Nokia 6265 Nokia 6267 Nokia 6270 Mist Blue Nokia 6275i Nokia 6280 Grey Nokia 6282 Nokia 6290 Nokia 6300 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6303 Classic Silver Nokia 6305i Nokia 6310I Nokia 6315i Nokia 6340 Nokia 6340I Nokia 6350 Nokia 6360 Nokia 6370 Nokia 6385 Nokia 6500-Slide Nokia 6555 Nokia 6560 Nokia 6585 Nokia 6590 / 6590I Nokia 6600 Nokia 6600-fold Nokia 6600-Slide Nokia 6610 Nokia 6610I Nokia 6620 Nokia 6630 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6651 Nokia 6670 Nokia 6680 Nokia 6682/6681 Nokia 6700 Classic Sliver Nokia 6708 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6810 Nokia 6820/6820i Nokia 6822 Nokia 7160 Nokia 7190 Nokia 7200 Nokia 7210 Nokia 7250 / 7250I Nokia 7260 Nokia 7270 Nokia 7280 Nokia 7360 White Amber Nokia 7370 Brown Nokia 7380 Nokia 7510 Nokia 7600 Nokia 7610 Nokia 7610 Supernova Nokia 7700 Nokia 7710 Nokia 7900-Prism Nokia 8260 Nokia 8265 / 8265I Nokia 8270 Nokia 8290 Nokia 8390 Nokia 8600-Luna Nokia 8800 / 8801 Nokia 8800 Arte Nokia 8890 Nokia 9290 Nokia 9300 Nokia 9300i Nokia 9500 Nokia Astound Nokia C6 White Nokia E50 Nokia E51 Nokia E55 Black Aluminium Nokia E61 Nokia E61i Nokia E62 Nokia E63 Ruby Red Nokia E65 Mocca Silver Nokia E66 Nokia E70 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E72 Nokia E73 Mode Nokia E75 Red Nokia E90 Nokia Intrigue 7205 Silver Keypad Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1320 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Red Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 520 Black Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 620 Cyan Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 800 Magenta Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mirage 2605 Nokia Mural Nokia N-Gage Nokia N-GAGE QD Nokia N1 Nokia N70 Nokia n71 Nokia N72 Nokia N73 Nokia N73 Deep Plum Silver Nokia N75 Nokia N76 Red Nokia N78 Nokia N79 Nokia N8 Black Nokia N80 Nokia N81-8GB Nokia N810 Silver Nokia N810 WiMax edition Nokia N82 Nokia N85 Nokia N86 Black Nokia N90 Nokia N900 Nokia N91 Light Chrome Nokia N93 Nokia N95 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia N96 Nokia N97 Nokia N97 Mini Nokia NGage Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Shade 2705 Nokia Shorty Nokia Supernova-7210 Nokia Supernova-7310 Nokia Supernova-7510 Nokia Surge Nokia Tiger White Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Nokia X2 Novatel Broadband2Go Novatel EX720 Express PC Card Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel MiFi Liberate Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel Ovation-U727 Novatel S720 Novatel S720-Wireless-PC-Card Novatel U720 PC/Mac Card Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel USB720 Novatel USB727-Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V620-EV-DO-PC-card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V640-PC-Card Novatel V740 Express Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card o2 XDA Ignito o2 XDA-Stealth OnePlus 2 OnePlus 3 OnePlus 3T OnePlus One OnePlus One OnePlus X Oppo N1 Option GT-Max-3.6-Express Option GT-Max-Wireless-Card Option GT-Ultra Option GT-Ultra-Express Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Palm 680 Palm 700p Palm 700w-CDMA Palm 700wx Palm 750 Palm 755p Blue Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Palm TREO-180 Palm Treo-270 Palm TREO-300 Palm TREO-600-GSM Palm TREO-650 Panasonic ALLURE-EB-TX310 Panasonic DURAMAX-EB-TX220 Panasonic G50 / G51 Panasonic G51U Panasonic G60U Panasonic G70 Panasonic GD55 / A100 Panasonic GD87 / GU87 Panasonic VERSIO-EB-TX320 Panasonic VS7 Panasonic X11 Panasonic X300 Panasonic X500 Panasonic X70 Panasonic X700 Panasonic X800 Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Breeze IV Black Pantech Breeze-C520 Pantech Burst Pantech C150 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech C630 Pantech Caper Pantech CDM-180 Pantech CDM8635 Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Discover Pantech Duo-C810 Pantech Ease Pantech Element Pantech Flex Pantech Hero/PN-8300 Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Ocean Pantech Ocean 2 Pantech P7040p Pantech Perception Pantech Perception Pantech PG-8000 Pantech PG-C120 Pantech PG-C300 Pantech PN-215 Pantech PN-218 Pantech PN-320 Pantech PN-3200 Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech PX-500 Pantech Renue Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Snapper Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem Pantech UMW190 Global USB Modem Pantech Vybe PCD CDM 8950 PCD CDM-8975 PCD Chaser PCD Escapade PCD Razzle PCD Sprint Phone Connect Black PCD TXTM8 PCD Venture Black Pebble Steel Black Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Sagem MY-X-5P Sagem my301L Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A157 Gray Samsung A177 Samsung A580 Samsung Access Samsung Acclaim SCH-r880 Samsung Admire Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Axle Samsung Beam Samsung Beat Samsung Beat DJ M7600 Samsung Beat-SGH-T539 Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Blackjack-2-SGH-617 Black Samsung BlackJack-SGH-i607 Samsung Blast-SGH-T729 Samsung Brightside Samsung Byline R310 Samsung Caliber SCH-r850 Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Character Gray Samsung Chianti Samsung Chrono Samsung Chrono 2 Samsung Cobra M320-Burgundy Samsung Code Samsung Comeback Samsung Comment Samsung Comment 2 Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung Craft SCH-r900 Samsung D415 Samsung D510 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung Diane-Von-Furstenberg-Mobile Samsung DoubleTime Samsung Drift Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E350 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Emporio-Armani-M7500 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epic 4G Touch Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exec SCH-i225 Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung F110-Adidas-miCoach Samsung F700 Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Fin Samsung Finesse r810 Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot-U900 Black Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform 4 Samsung Freeform 5 Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung G800 Samsung Galaxy 4 mini White Samsung Galaxy A3 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A5 Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A7 (2017) Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 3 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Amp Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Axiom Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy E5 Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express 3 Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Express Prime Samsung Galaxy Gear Samsung Galaxy Go Prime Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy i7500 Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Samsung Galaxy J2 Samsung Galaxy J3 (2016) Samsung Galaxy J3 V Samsung Galaxy J5 Samsung Galaxy J7 Samsung Galaxy K zoom Samsung Galaxy Legend Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Luna Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 5.8 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Metrix 4G Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note5 Samsung Galaxy Note7 Samsung Galaxy On5 Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Premier Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 White Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Aviator Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket HD Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S WiFi 4.2 White Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S7 Active Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Samsung Galaxy Sky Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 7.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S White Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Tab4 7.0 White Samsung Galaxy TabPRO Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear Live Samsung Gear S Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gear S3 Classic Samsung Gear S3 Frontier Samsung Gem Samsung Gleam-U700 Samsung Glint Pink Samsung Gloss SCH-U440 Samsung Glyde Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung GT2 Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Gusto 3 Blue Samsung Haven Samsung Heat Samsung Highlight Samsung Highlight T749 Ice Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung i400 Samsung i740 Samsung i8510 Samsung i900-Omnia Samsung Illusion Samsung Impact Samsung Impression Samsung Indulge Samsung Infinity Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Instinct s30 Touch of Copper Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830w Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung JetSet-R550 Samsung Jitterbug-SPH-A110 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Katalyst-SGH-T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung LTE MiFi Samsung LTE Mobile HotSpot Pro Samsung Lucello Samsung M140 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M3200-Beat-S Samsung M330 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M510 Pink Samsung M520 Samsung M575 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Mantra M340 Samsung Memoir Samsung Mesmerize Samsung Messager II R560 Samsung Messager III Samsung Messager R450 Samsung Messager Touch SCH-r630 Blue Samsung Mirage-i907 Samsung MM-A700 Samsung MM-A800 Samsung MM-A880 Samsung MM-A900 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A940 Samsung Moment Samsung Mondi WiMAX SWD-M100 Samsung Montage Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung MyShot II R460 Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia HD i8910 Samsung Omnia II Samsung P300 Samsung Pivot Samsung Pixon-M8800 Samsung PM-A740 Samsung PM-A840 Samsung Precedent Samsung Profile Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Repp Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby III Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S125 Black Samsung S150G Black Samsung S275G Samsung S336C Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH r451c Samsung SCH-A220 Samsung SCH-A310 Samsung SCH-A530 Samsung SCH-A570 Samsung SCH-A610 Samsung SCH-A630 Samsung SCH-a645 Samsung SCH-A650 Samsung SCH-A670 Samsung SCH-A690 Samsung SCH-A770 Samsung SCH-A790 Samsung SCH-A850 Samsung SCH-A870 Samsung SCH-A890 Samsung SCH-A930 Samsung SCH-A950 Samsung SCH-A970 Samsung SCH-A990 Samsung SCH-I600 / SP-I600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-i760 Samsung SCH-i830 Samsung SCH-N150 Samsung SCH-N330 Samsung SCH-N370 Samsung SCH-R200 Samsung SCH-R300 Samsung SCH-R400 Samsung SCH-R410 Samsung SCH-r470 Red Samsung SCH-r500 Hue Samsung SCH-R610 Samsung SCH-T300 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U340-Snap Samsung SCH-U410 Samsung SCH-U420 Samsung SCH-u430 Black Samsung SCH-U470-Juke Navy Samsung SCH-U520 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U550 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung SCH-U740 Alias Samsung Seek Samsung SGH A237-Blue Samsung SGH A777 Blue Samsung SGH T429 Samsung SGH-A107 Samsung SGH-a127 Samsung SGH-A137 Samsung SGH-A167 Samsung SGH-A187 Blue Samsung SGH-A197 Black Samsung SGH-A226 Samsung SGH-A227 Samsung SGH-A437 Red Samsung SGH-A517 Samsung SGH-A637 Samsung SGH-a657 Samsung SGH-A717 Samsung SGH-A727 Samsung SGH-A736 Samsung SGH-A737 Blue Samsung SGH-C207 Samsung SGH-C225 Samsung SGH-C416 Black Samsung SGH-C417 Grey Samsung SGH-D100 Samsung SGH-D307 Samsung SGH-D357 Samsung SGH-D407 Samsung SGH-D415 / SGH-D410 Samsung SGH-D500 Samsung SGH-D520 Samsung SGH-D600 Samsung SGH-D700 Samsung SGH-D720 Samsung SGH-d800 Samsung SGH-D806 Black Samsung SGH-D807 Grey Samsung SGH-D820 Samsung SGH-D840 Samsung SGH-D900 Samsung SGH-E105 Samsung SGH-E315 Samsung SGH-E316 / SGH-E317 Samsung SGH-E335 Samsung SGH-E360 Samsung SGH-E400 Samsung SGH-E600 Samsung SGH-E610 Samsung SGH-E630 Samsung SGH-E635 Samsung SGH-E640 Samsung SGH-E715 Samsung SGH-E720 Samsung SGH-E730 Samsung SGH-E760 Samsung SGH-E770 Samsung SGH-E840 Samsung SGH-E870 Samsung SGH-E880 Samsung SGH-E900 Samsung SGH-i250 Samsung SGH-i300 Samsung SGH-i320 Samsung SGH-I505 / SGH-I500 Samsung SGH-I700 Samsung SGH-N105 Samsung SGH-N625 Samsung SGH-P100 Samsung SGH-P107 Samsung SGH-P207 Samsung SGH-P400 / SGH-P408 Samsung SGH-P500 Samsung SGH-P705 Samsung SGH-P716 / SGH-P710 Samsung SGH-P735 / SGH-P730 Samsung SGH-P777 Samsung SGH-P850 Samsung SGH-Q105 Samsung SGH-R225 / SGH-R225M Samsung SGH-S105 / SGH-S100 Samsung SGH-S200 Samsung SGH-S300 / SGH-S300M Samsung SGH-S307 Samsung SGH-T101G Samsung SGH-T139 Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung SGH-T201G Samsung SGH-T209 Red Samsung SGH-T219 Chocolate Samsung SGH-T229 Samsung SGH-T239 Maroon Samsung SGH-T249 Blue Samsung SGH-T259 Samsung SGH-T301G Samsung SGH-t309 Samsung SGH-t319 Samsung SGH-t349 Samsung SGH-T369 Samsung SGH-T409 Samsung SGH-T439 Samsung SGH-T509 Silver Samsung SGH-T509s Plum Samsung SGH-T519 Trace Samsung SGH-T609 Samsung SGH-T619 Samsung SGH-T629 Samsung SGH-T639 Samsung SGH-t659 Samsung SGH-T709 Samsung SGH-T719 Samsung SGH-T809 Samsung SGH-t819 Samsung SGH-V100 Samsung SGH-V205 / V200 / V206 Samsung SGH-X105 Samsung SGH-X400 Samsung SGH-X426 / SGH-X427 Samsung SGH-X450 Samsung SGH-X475 Samsung SGH-X480 Samsung SGH-X495 Samsung SGH-X496 Samsung SGH-X497 Samsung SGH-X506 Samsung SGH-X507 Samsung SGH-X640 Grey Samsung SGH-X660 Samsung SGH-X820 Samsung SGH-X830 Black Samsung SGH-ZX10 Samsung SGH-ZX20 Samsung Showcase Samsung Sidekick 4G Samsung Slash Samsung SLM-SGH-A747 Blue Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Socializer B3310 Pink Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung SPH-A250 Samsung SPH-A400 Samsung SPH-A420 Samsung SPH-A460 Samsung SPH-A500 Samsung SPH-A520 Samsung SPH-A540 Samsung SPH-A560 Samsung SPH-A580 Samsung SPH-A600 Samsung SPH-A620 / VGA1000 Samsung SPH-A640 Samsung SPH-A660 / VI660 Samsung SPH-A680 / VM-A680 Samsung SPH-A740 Samsung SPH-A760 Samsung SPH-A820 Samsung SPH-A860 Samsung SPH-A960 Samsung SPH-I300 Samsung SPH-i325-Ace Samsung SPH-I330 Samsung SPH-I500 Samsung SPH-I550 Samsung SPH-I700 Samsung SPH-M300 Silver Samsung SPH-M500 Red Samsung SPH-M610 Samsung SPH-N200 Samsung SPH-N240 Samsung SPH-N270 Matrix Samsung SPH-N290 Samsung SPH-N400 Samsung SPH-P9000 Samsung SPH-S100 Samsung SPH-Z400 Samsung SPH/SCH-N300 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stratosphere II Black Samsung Stride R335 Samsung Strike T459 Lime Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Stripe-SGH-T329 Black Samsung Strive Samsung Stunt Samsung Suede Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung SYNC-SGH-A707 Samsung T105G Black Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T245G Gray Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung Tocco T919 Samsung Trance Samsung Transfix SCH-R730 Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung Trill SCH-r520 Samsung Trinity Samsung U370 Black Samsung U430 Samsung Ultra Touch S8300 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung UpStage-M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung Vitality Samsung Wafer-R510 Samsung Wave S8500 Samsung X495 Samsung Z500 Samsung Z510 Samsung Z540 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Juno SCP2700 Deep Blue Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana Blue Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo Katana-DLX Champagne Sanyo Katana-II Cosmic Black Sanyo M1 Sanyo M1 Sanyo Mirro SCP3810 Sanyo MM-5600 Sanyo MM-7500 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo MM-8300 Red Sanyo MM-9000 Sanyo MM7400 Sanyo MVP Sanyo PM8200 / SCP-8200 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo RL-4930 Sanyo RL4920 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-200 Pink Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2400 Misty Rose Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3100 Pure Silver Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3200 Black Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo SCP-4700 Sanyo SCP-4900 Sanyo SCP-5150 Sanyo SCP-5300 Sanyo SCP-5400 / RL2500 Sanyo SCP-5500 / VM4500 Sanyo SCP-6000 Sanyo SCP-6200 Sanyo SCP-6400 Sanyo SCP-7000 Black Sanyo SCP-7050 Sanyo SCP-7200 / RL2000 Sanyo SCP-7300 / RL7300 Sanyo SCP-8100 Sanyo SCP-8400 Midnight Black Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo VI-2300 Pink Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sendo M551 Sendo S-251 Sendo X Sendo Z100 Sharp 903 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp Aquos Crystal White Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Sharp GX-10 / GX-10I Sharp GX-15 / GZ100 Sharp GX-20 / GX-22 Sharp GX-25 Sharp GX-30 / GX-32 Sharp Sidekick 3 Sharp Sidekick-LX Blue Sharp T-Mobile Sidekick - Tony Hawk Edition Sharp TM-100 Sharp TM-150 Sharp TM-200 Sharp Z-800-Audiovox-7900 Siemens A56 / A56I Siemens A60 Siemens A65 Siemens C56 Siemens C60 Siemens C61 Siemens C62 Siemens CF62T Siemens CF63 / CF62/CF62t Siemens CT56 Siemens CT66 / C66 / C65 Siemens CX66 / CX65 Siemens M46 Siemens M55 Siemens M56 Siemens M65 Siemens MC60 Siemens S40 Siemens S46 Siemens S55 Siemens S56 Siemens S66 Siemens SK65 Siemens SL55 Siemens SL56 Siemens SL65 Siemens SX1 Siemens SX56 Siemens SX66 Siemens U10 Siemens U15 Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 250U Aircard Silver Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PC Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PC/Mac Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597E-PC-Card Sierra Wireless Air-Card-875 Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Aircard-860 Sierra Wireless Aircard-875u Sierra Wireless AirCard-881 Sierra Wireless Mercury USB Modem Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Mobile Hotspot Sierra Wireless U597 Aircard Sierra Wireless Unite Sierra Wireless USBConnect Shockwave Sierra Wireless USBConnect-881 Sierra Wireless VOQ-A11 SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP5 Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson C510 Silver Sony Ericsson C702a Sony Ericsson C901 Noble Black Sony Ericsson C902 Red Sony Ericsson C903 Red Sony Ericsson C905 Sony Ericsson D750 Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson G700 Business Edition Sony Ericsson GC79 Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC82 Sony Ericsson GC83 Sony Ericsson GC89 Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson GC99 Sony Ericsson Idou Sony Ericsson J220 Sony Ericsson J300a Sony Ericsson K500 Sony Ericsson K510a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K600i Sony Ericsson K660i Red Sony Ericsson K700I Sony Ericsson K750i Sony Ericsson K770 Truffle Brown Sony Ericsson K790 Sony Ericsson K790a Sony Ericsson K800-Euro Sony Ericsson K850i Sony Ericsson M600i Sony Ericsson Mix Walkman Sony Ericsson P800 Sony Ericsson P900 Sony Ericsson P910 Sony Ericsson P990i Sony Ericsson R300 Antique Copper Sony Ericsson R306a Sony Ericsson S312 Dawn Blue Sony Ericsson S500 Sony Ericsson S700I Sony Ericsson S710A Sony Ericsson T106 Sony Ericsson T200 Sony Ericsson T206 Sony Ericsson T226 Sony Ericsson T237 Sony Ericsson T280a Sony Ericsson T290 Sony Ericsson T300 Sony Ericsson T306 Sony Ericsson T310 Sony Ericsson T316 Sony Ericsson T600 Sony Ericsson T606 Sony Ericsson T608 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T616 Sony Ericsson T61C Sony Ericsson T61D / T61LX Sony Ericsson T61Z Sony Ericsson T62U Sony Ericsson T630 Sony Ericsson T637 Sony Ericsson T68I Sony Ericsson T700 Sony Ericsson T707 Mysterious Black Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson txt pro Sony Ericsson V800 Sony Ericsson W200 Sony Ericsson W300i Sony Ericsson W302 White Sony Ericsson W380a electric purple Sony Ericsson W395 Blush Titanium Sony Ericsson W508 Sony Ericsson W580i White Sony Ericsson W595 Sony Ericsson W600i Sony Ericsson W610 Sony Ericsson W705 Sony Ericsson W710i Sony Ericsson W715 Sony Ericsson W760 Black Sony Ericsson W800i Sony Ericsson W810 Sony Ericsson W850 Sony Ericsson w850i Sony Ericsson W890i Black Sony Ericsson W900i White Sony Ericsson W902 Sony Ericsson W910 Black Sony Ericsson W950 Sony Ericsson W980 Sony Ericsson W995 Progressive Black Sony Ericsson Xperia Arc Misty Silver Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Pro Sony Ericsson Xperia X2 Sony Ericsson XPERIA-X1 Sony Ericsson Z200 Sony Ericsson Z300a Sony Ericsson Z310a Jet Black Sony Ericsson Z500 / Z500a Sony Ericsson Z520a Sony Ericsson Z525a Sony Ericsson Z550a Sterling Sony Ericsson Z555a Black Sony Ericsson Z600 Sony Ericsson Z610 Airy Blue Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Ericsson Z780 Grand Onyx Sony SmartWatch 3 Sony Xperia acro S Black Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia L Red Sony Xperia M Yellow Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia P Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia S Sony Xperia SP Sony Xperia SP White Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia Tablet Z Sony Xperia tipo dual Classic Black Sony Xperia tipo Serene Black Sony Xperia TL Sony Xperia U Sony Xperia X Sony Xperia X Performance Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia XA Sony Xperia XA Ultra Sony Xperia XT Sony Xperia XZ Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z Ultra Sony Xperia Z1 Sony Xperia Z1 Compact Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 tablet Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z3v White Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Sony Z Ultra Google Play edition SpareOne Emergency Phone Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 665 Navy Blue T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sonic 2.0 Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Wing Telson TDC-8100 Toshiba CDM-9950 / VM4050 Toshiba Excite 10 LE Toshiba Excite Pro Toshiba Excite Pure Toshiba Excite Write Toshiba TG01 Toshiba Thrive 16GB Toshiba VM-4050 Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo UNIMAX MAXPatriot Unimax MXE-675 Unimax U671C Black UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom 5740-PC-Card UTStarcom Arc-CDM-8074 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom Casio-G'zOne-Type-S UTStarcom CDM-220 UTStarcom CDM-7025 UTStarcom CDM-7026 UTStarcom CDM-7075 UTStarcom CDM-7126 UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom G'zOne UTStarcom Knick UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom PC5750-PC-Card UTStarcom PCS-1450 / CDM-1450 UTStarcom Quickfire Gray UTStarcom Shuttle UTStarcom Slice-PCS-1400 UTStarcom UM150-USB-Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB Velocity Micro Cruz 10 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz 7 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz T510 10 inch Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon Adamant Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Wireless 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon Wireless Ellipsis Black 7 Inch Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MiFi 5510L Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe Visual Land Prestige 7Q Black Vizio VIA Phone Vizio VIA Tablet VK Mobile Kickflip vtech A700 Wikipad 7 inch tablet Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xiaomi Mi 3 Xiaomi Mi 4i Xiaomi Redmi 2 Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 Zenum International Mobile Hotspot ZTE 4G LTE Router with Voice ZTE Agent ZTE Allstar ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE AT&T Home Phone Connect ZTE Atrium ZTE Avail ZTE Avail 2 ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid Plus ZTE Avid Trio ZTE AWE ZTE Axon 7 ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE C78 ZTE C79 ZTE Chorus ZTE Citrine ZTE Compel ZTE Compel Black ZTE Concord II ZTE Cymbal-T ZTE Director ZTE Engage ZTE Engage LT ZTE Flash ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S ZTE Grand S II ZTE Grand S Pro ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X 3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Groove Black ZTE Illustra ZTE Imperial ZTE Jetpack ZTE Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot EuFi890 ZTE Lever ZTE LivePro ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Maven 2 ZTE Max Duo ZTE Memo ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE MSGM8 II ZTE Mustang ZTE Mustang ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Nubia Z11 ZTE Nubia Z5 ZTE Obsidian ZTE Optik ZTE Optik ZTE Overture ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Paragon ZTE Prelude ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Reef ZTE Salute ZTE Savvy ZTE Scend ZTE Score ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Sonata 4G White ZTE Source Black ZTE Speed ZTE Stratos ZTE Supreme ZTE Supreme ZTE Tempo ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Unite ZTE Valet ZTE Velocity ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp 7 ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Whirl 2 ZTE Whirl 2 Black ZTE Z221 Black ZTE Z222 ZTE Z331 Black ZTE Z431 Black ZTE Z432 ZTE Z432 Black ZTE Z667 ZTE Z768 Midnight Blue ZTE Z990 ZTE Z992 Black ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 ZTE ZMax Pro ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-day cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-minute cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-month 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Family Choice Plan cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1600 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 4500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 6500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Family Choice Premier 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Smart Choice 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 1400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 2100 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 4000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 6000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 750 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 900 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom Unlimited cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 5500 cell phone plan details amp'd $100 National 3000 cell phone plan details amp'd $150 National Unlimited cell phone plan details amp'd $30 National 500 cell phone plan details amp'd $70 National 1500 cell phone plan details amp'd End The Boredom cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overdose cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overload cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 200 MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry for 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone 4S Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $2 Daily Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $25 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $35 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone 10¢ per Minute cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 250MB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 3GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 5GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone $2 day Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone 10¢ per minute cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (10GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (15GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (1GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (20GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (2GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (300MB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (30GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (40GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (4GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (50GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (6GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 100GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 16GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 80GB AT&T Mobile Share Data 20GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 40GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 4GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Wireless Home Phone cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 8GB cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 1350 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 2000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 1400 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 2100 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 3000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 700 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $49.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $9.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 1400 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 2100 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 550 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 700 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 1400 - NWCFT1400 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 2100 - NWCFT2100 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 3000 - NWCFT3000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 4000 - NWCFT4000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 6000 - NWCFT6000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 700 - NWCFT700 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Senior Nation 200 cell phone plan details AT&T Unlimited Data with DIRECTV AT&T Unlimited Home Phone Calling cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1350 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1400 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 2000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 2100 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 3000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 450 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 700 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 900 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico Additional Line cell phone plan details | PhoneDog BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 250MB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 5GB Boost Mobile $35 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $45 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $50 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $2 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Family Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data Boost Mobile Pay As You Go Phone 20¢ per minute cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Unlimited Starter Boost Mobile Unlimited Unhook'd Cellular One Local 3000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1600 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 2200 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 4000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 6000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 9000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National Workday cell phone plan details Cellular One Regional 2600 cell phone plan details Cellular One Statewide 400 cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - National Anytime cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - Statewide cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1000 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1500 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 600 cell phone plan details CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan Cricket $25 Talk & Text cell phone plan details Cricket $40 Basic Plan or $35 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $50 Smart plan or $45 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $60 Pro plan or $55 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Alpha $30 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Battalion $160 4 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Bravo $35 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Brigade $240 6 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Charlie $45 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Delta $60 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Platoon $145 3 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Regiment $195 5 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Squad $110 2 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Xray $80 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Yankee $100 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Zulu $110 monthly cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1200 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 10000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1100 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 6000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1250 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 600 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 1300 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 450 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 750 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 900 cell phone plan details Einstein Basic cell phone plan details Einstein Extreme cell phone plan details Einstein Plus cell phone plan details Einstein Value cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 1000 cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 500 cell phone plan details FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan Liberty Wireless 10 Cents A Minute Flat Rate cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 2000 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Unlimited N&W 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 200 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 650 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless True Liberty cell phone plan details MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $45 Unlimited cell phone plan details MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $40 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $50 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $60 plan cell phone plan details Net10 $35 Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details Net10 $40 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $60 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $65 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $75 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 1000 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 200 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 500 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Four People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Three People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Two People cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide calling cell phone plan details Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide plus International calling cell phone plan details NTelos $39.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $49.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $59.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $69.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $99.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $29.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $39.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $49.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $59.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $79.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $99.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $55.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $75.99 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless Nationwide 100 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless On-The-Fly cell phone plan details Pix Wireless $10 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $10 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $12 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $12 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $15 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $15 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $20 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $20 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $25 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $25 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $30 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $35 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $40 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $40 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $50 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $55 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $65 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $75 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $75 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $9 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $9 GSM Weekly Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Unlimited cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Mexico Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Smartphone Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $65 Global Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $25 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $35 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $50 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $60 cell phone plan details Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan Republic Wireless Clear Choice Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 10GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 4GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 6GB Data ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $10 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $100 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $25 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $5 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $50 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $15 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $18 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $5 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $80 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $9 Sprint 100MB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 12GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 1GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 12GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 6GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Hotspot Connection 3GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 6GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Basic Plan cell phone plan details Sprint Better Choice L Sprint Better Choice M Sprint Better Choice S Sprint Better Choice XL Sprint Better Choice XS Sprint Better Choice XXL Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $15 per non-discounted phone 20BB-60GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $25 per non-discounted phone 600MB-16GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $40 per discounted phone all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Mobile Broadband $20 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Tablet $10 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint My All-in cell phone plan details Sprint Phone Connect cell phone plan details Sprint Premium Data add-on cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $35 unlimited talk & text with 1GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $45 unlimited talk & text with 3GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $55 unlimited talk & text with 6GB data cell phone plan details Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited Freedom Sprint Unlimited Freedom Premium Sprint Unlimited My Way cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited My Way Family cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited Single Line Sprint Unlimited Talk, Text & High Speed Data Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited Straight Talk Unlimited Plus International SunCom now T-Mobile America 1200 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 1800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 2300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America Unlimited cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 1250 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 2500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional UnPlan cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile SunCom NEW cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile UnPlan Tri-Cities 2000 cell phone plan details SureWest Local Value - 2yr. - $29.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited - 2yr. - $33.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 1yr. - $45.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 2yr. - $39.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 1yr. - $49.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 2yr. - $44.00 cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice Unlimited cell phone plan details T-Mobile Old Family plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile ONE T-Mobile ONE No Credit Check T-Mobile ONE Plus T-Mobile ONE Plus International T-Mobile ONE Plus International No Credit Check T-Mobile ONE Plus No Credit Check T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 10.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 12GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 4.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 6.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 8.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Pay As You Go T-Mobile PrePaid 1000 Whenever minutes $100 cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid 1500 Talk & Text (with 30MB of data) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and High Speed Internet (first 5GB at up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and Web (first 100 MB up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice 1GB 4G LTE Data plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 2.5GB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice No Credit Check T-Mobile Simple Choice Prepaid T-Mobile Simple Choice Unlimited Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text Telcel America 30 Days Basic International $29 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Plus Plan Unlimited $60 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $40 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $50 cell phone plan details Telcel America 7 Days Unlimited Plus Plan $20 cell phone plan details Tello $10 Pay As You Go Tello $10 Talk & Text Tello $10 Talk Only Tello $10 Talk-Text-Data Tello $11 Data Only Tello $12 Talk-Text-Data Tello $13 Talk-Text-Data Tello $14 Talk-Text-Data Tello $16 Talk-Text-500MB Tello $16 Talk-Text-Data Tello $17 Talk-Text-Data Tello $18 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $18 Talk-Text-Data Tello $19 Talk-Text-Data Tello $20 Pay As You Go Tello $20 Talk-Text-Data Tello $21 Data Only Tello $21 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $21 Talk-Text-Data Tello $24 Talk-Text-Data Tello $27 Talk-Text-Data Tello $45 Data Only Tello $5 Pay As You Go Tello $5 Talk & Text Tello $5 Talk Only Tello $50 Pay As You Go Tello $6 Talk & Text Tello $7 Talk Only Tello $8 Talk & Text Tello $9 Talk-Text-Data Tello Unlimited Talk & Text Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 200MB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Tello Unlimited Talk Only TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 12GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TPO Goodness to Go Big TPO Goodness to Go Low TPO Goodness to Go Mega TPO Goodness to Go More TPO Goodness to Go Plus TPO Goodness to Go Pro TPO Infinity TPO Unlimited Goodness Caring TPO Unlimited Goodness Global TPO Unlimited Goodness Gracious TPO Unlimited Goodness Hero TPO Unlimited Goodness Kind TPO Unlimited Goodness Noble TPO Unlimited Goodness North America TPO Unlimited Goodness People's TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 30 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 40 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 50 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 65 Tracfone $19.99 plan - 60 units cell phone plan details Tracfone $29.99 plan - 120 units cell phone plan details TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 125 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 200 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 50 Family Value Plan cell phone plan details Tracfone 50 Value Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 3GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 75GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk & Text Additional Line cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk 1000 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 2GB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 500MB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect Unlimited Data for Basic Phones cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Talk Only Pay-As-You-Go-Minutes cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Basic Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Home Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Mobile Hotspot cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Vehicle Monitoring cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Wireless Modem cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Talk 450 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1500 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 5000 Mins Talk US Mobile 750 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless $60 Single Line Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 25 MB Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Camera cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line plus Canada Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Tablets cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 8GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 10 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 5 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Tablet Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything USB Modem or Jetpack Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus Two-Line SharePlan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Messaging Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 1350 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 3000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Premium Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Unlimited Push-To-Talk cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.00 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $1.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $15 for 250 MB of data weekly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $35 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $45 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 for 3 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $70 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 4GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $90 for 10 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon Prepaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon PrePaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Unlimited Corporate Email & Web cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk BlackBerry $50 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $35 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $70 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $25 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $55 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go 100 MB for 10 days cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Data Love Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Basic Rate cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data & Text Plus 300 minutes cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data, Talk, & Text cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything plus International cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited plus International plus Extra cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Virgin mobile #5 cell phone plan details Number of Lines: - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes 500 Messages Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB125MB150MB200MB250MB300MB375MB400MB500MB600MB625MB700MB800MB900MB938MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB24GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Featured Huawei Mate 9 Impressions! Marco Hanna 6 days 3 hours ago 6 shares 1 3 0 1 0 0 0 0 1 Honor 6X Impressions! Marco Hanna 1 week 2 days ago 9 shares 8 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Meet the new BlackBerry Marco Hanna 1 week 4 days ago 67 shares 65 1 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 Cell Phone Deals January 2017 Digest Christine Torralba 2 weeks 11 hours ago 3 shares 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 More Featured Articles Official Smartphone Rankings People's Choice Expert's Choice HTC 10 9 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 7 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Google Pixel 5 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Apple iPhone 7 5 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy Note 5 4 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × More People's Choice Latest Videos LG G5 Review: Two Months Later 13 shares 2 3 0 1 0 0 4 1 2 Battle of the Flagships: Design 27 shares 18 7 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 HTC 10 Challenge: The Best Built Smartphone? 18 shares 6 2 0 7 0 0 1 0 2 More Videos This Week's "People's Choice Rankings" Best Smartphone   HTC 10 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Google Pixel Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Apple iPhone 7 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Recent news from our top carriers: AT&T News AT&T raising price of DirecTV Now introductory offer of AT&T Call Protect will help AT&T launches buy one, get one T-Mobile will give AT&T Do you carry multiple phones? FCC sends letters to AT&T and Sprint News Sprint will give you $200 when you Cell Phone Deals January 2017 Sprint LG V20 sale cuts price in Sprint offering up to $325 in bill Samsung Galaxy J3 Emerge leaks out Sprint announces HPUE network Sprint promo offering unlimited T-Mobile News T-Mobile is right; postpaid T-Mobile "Un-carrier Next T-Mobile Galaxy Note 7 begins T-Mobile now offering Samsung T-Mobile splits One Plus plan into T-Mobile Un-carrier Next event T-Mobile will give AT&T Verizon Wireless Verizon MiFi 7730L Jetpack is a Verizon telling unlimited Verizon increases upgrade fee to $ Verizon Galaxy Note 7 now Kyocera DuraForce Pro now Verizon now says it will release Verizon once again offering free PHONEDOG PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company. PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us Sitemap In-Depth Reviews Phone vs Phone Video Unboxings Apps & Games New Phones Phone Finder Compare Plans Phone Specials Long Distance © 2001-2017 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved.
The Latest New Products Must-See Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español CNET Appliances Smart Home iDevices becomes Android-compatible at CES 2017 iDevices becomes Android-compatible at CES 2017 This small move reflects a larger, slower shift in the smart home industry. Smart Home by David Priest January 5, 2017 2:16 PM PST @david_p_priest Up Next Amazon could start dropping off packages inside your home Photo by Tyler Lizenby/CNET The developer iDevices just announced forthcoming Android compatibility. In and of itself, this announcement isn't groundbreaking -- but what it says about the direction of the smart home market at large is important. iDevices has been around for years; its first massive success was with the iGrill (now sold off to Weber). In the smart home industry, iDevices was one of the early success stories of HomeKit, releasing the solid iDevices Switch and rapidly following it up with the Thermostat, Wall Switch, Socket and other products. Some iDevices products are good, and some are, well, not so good. But all of them reflect the clean white-chic aesthetic Apple is famous for pioneering -- and all of them work with Apple HomeKit. 57 Check out all the smart home products at CES 2017 (so far) Apple failed to capitalize on its early smart-home lead, however, and in the past two years, competitors like Amazon with its Echo speaker and Alexa voice assistant have stolen the spotlight. Even iDevices, the always stalwart companion to HomeKit, made an Alexa app. And now, iDevices is taking yet another step toward independence from the HomeKit platform. Sure, it still works with HomeKit -- but with Android and Alexa compatibility, the developer is making its own path. This is the pattern of smart home tech right now. Developers want to make devices for companies that are easy to work with (see Amazon opening up the Alexa developer tools) and that are ubiquitous (see Android). Exclusivity is quickly becoming untenable, unless your product is a centering force in the home (like Nest has been in the past). You can control iDevices' latest gadget, the Instant Switch, on iOS or Android -- with Siri and Alexa.Photo by Tyler Lizenby/CNET This move for iDevices is a smart one. It makes them more relevant to a wider variety of consumers. But it's a sign that Apple's early bets in the smart home -- that developers would implant proprietary chips to work with HomeKit, and would stay exclusive without a big PR push for the platform -- simply didn't pan out. The good news for Apple: It's not the end of the world. Exclusivity might not be the name of the smart home game (at least for now), but HomeKit still has some tricks up its sleeve. Competitors just have a lot of the same tricks. See all CNET's CES 2017 coverage here. Share your voice 0 comments Tags CES 2017 CES 2017 Tech West Smart Home Alexa Amazon Siri Apple HomeKit CNET First Take Apple HomeKit Yes, you can already access various smart home products from your iPhone or iPad, but Apple's HomeKit software may have found a better way... if it ever officially launches. See it Related Stories Untangling the mesh: Everything you need to know about Wi-Fi systems Ecobee's room sensors get smarter with HomeKit 10 ways to use Mason jars (for everything except canning) Best smart home devices of 2017 Close   Discuss: iDevices becomes Android-compatible at CES... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Amazon could start dropping off packages inside your home CES and Detroit: Drink car tech from the firehose. (CNET on Cars, Ep. 103) Want to see the future of car technology? Cooley found it for you in Las Vegas and Detroit. by Brian Cooley 18:35 Nintendo Switch debuts with tons of info This week's biggest tech stories include a blowout of new information on Nintendo's next console, the tablet-hybrid Switch. by Jeff Bakalar Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
ARN - Australian Reseller News News All News Government Products Round Table yARN 5 for 15 Tech Technologies 3D Printing Apps Cloud Computing Datacentre Mobile Solutions MSP Networking PC and Components Products/Reviews Security Social Networking Storage Software Tech Hive Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Windows 8 Central Markets Green Channel Market Watch Retail Services SMB Market Events Upcoming events View all events Resources Resources ARN Library Microsites Webinars Videos Contacts Brand Posts e-Mags Email the Editor Jobs Media Releases Slideshows Subscribe to print Subscribe online Subscribe to IDG Publications Directories Distributor Directory Find distributors by name | vendor | location Vendor Directory Find vendors by name | category Deals Contact Sign in/Subscribe Existing Member Forgot password? Join ARN Sign up to gain exclusive access to email subscriptions, event invitations, competitions, giveaways, and much more. Sign up now Menu ARN Mac’s share falls to five-year low Mac’s share falls to five-year low Sales slowdown catches up with the Mac, which cedes share to Windows and Linux Gregg Keizer (Computerworld (US)) 06 January, 2017 07:48 - - - - print email Distributors Arrow ECS ANZ Australasian PC Distributors (APCD) Avnet Technology Solutions BMS Technology Dicker Data Ingram Micro Australia Leader Computers Multimedia Technology rhipe Synnex XiT Distribution Comments Apple's Mac share of personal computers worldwide fell to a five-year low in December, mimicking the company's own numbers that have portrayed a four-quarter sales slowdown. According to web analytics vendor Net Applications, Apple's desktop and notebook operating system -- formerly OS X, now macOS -- powered just 6.1% of all personal computers last month, down from 7% a year ago and a peak of 9.6% as recently as April 2016. Net Applications measures operating system user share -- an estimate of the proportion of all personal computer owners who run a device powered by a specific OS -- by counting systems whose browsers reach websites of its clients. The Mac's 6.1% user share in December was the lowest mark recorded by Net Applications since August 2011, more than five years ago. Although the Mac number fluctuates month to month -- as do all estimates from the metrics firm -- its general trend has been up for two-thirds of a decade: In 2009, for example, the Mac accounted for only about 5% of all personal computers. User share does not equal sales -- the former resembles the installed base more than anything -- but Apple's own data fits the view of a shrinking Mac. In October, the company reported sales of 4.9 million Macs for the September quarter, a 14% year-over-year decline and the fourth straight quarterly downturn. Apple's sales slide during the past 12 months has been steeper than for the personal computer industry as a whole, according to industry researchers from IDC and Gartner, a 180-degree shift from the prior 30 or so quarters, when the Mac's growth rate repeatedly beat the business average. The long string of successes selling Macs -- fueled by Microsoft's stumbles with Windows 8 and a race-to-the-bottom mentality among rival OEMs (original equipment manufacturers) -- resulted in Apple's computers gaining user share. But the converse has been true more recently, meaning that as sales of Macs fell faster than of Windows PCs, Cupertino's share shrunk as well. As that slippage took hold, two rivals -- Goliath Windows and David Linux -- both benefited with increases of around a half percentage point during 2016. Linux, the open-source operating system whose users are even more passionate when defending their choice, climbed out of the under-2% cellar last year. Net Applications pegged Linux's user share at 2.2% in December, slightly off the 2.3% peak of November. Linux first cracked the 2% barrier in June. Computerworld (Data: Net Applications) The Mac’s global user share peaked at 9.6% in April, but has slid since then as sales fell faster than the industry average. HP Elite Slice More from Dicker Data Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Join the ARN newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags Daily BriefingApple Read next IT spend tightens regardless of increase in services Microsoft launches StaffHub to connect deskless workers Why 2016 was a year to forget for these 10 vendors Channel Deals Com1 International Adata SSD, Memory & USB Storage Solutions. Read more ARN Distributor Directory Find distributors by name - vendor - location ARN Vendor Directory Find vendors by name - category Slideshows Why 2016 was a year to forget for these 10 vendors Whether it be technology troubles, government conflicts or declining sales, 2016 has been a year to forget for some of the industry's biggest players. ARN examines the vendors who will forever look back on 2016 as an annus horribilis. Why 2016 was a year to forget for these 10 vendors Channel takes to the course with AC3 as IT for a Cause Annual Golf Day raises $40,000 The channel pulled together as an industry to support those in need during the IT for a Cause Annual Golf Day in association with AC3. Held at St. Michael's Golf Club, and won by Team Arrow, the event raised $40,000, with all proceeds split between Ronald McDonald House and Saves Our Sons, who work tirelessly to help children in need. Gold sponsors on the day included Hewlett Packard Enterprise TS and HP, alongside sponsors, Arrow; Pure Storage; Synnex; Dicker Data; Tribeca Living; Fortinet; rhipe; Dell EMC; Eaton; Nimble Storage; Datto and Hemisphere Technologies.​ Photos by Maria Stefina. Channel takes to the course with AC3 as IT for a Cause Annual Golf Day raises $40,000 Nutanix treats channel partners to Christmas cruise Nutanix recently took to the seas for a Christmas Cruise around Sydney Harbour with its Australia and New Zealand staff, customers and partners to celebrate a stellar year for the vendor. With the sun out, they were all smiles and mingled over drinks and food. Nutanix treats channel partners to Christmas cruise iasset.com is a channel management ecosystem that automates all major aspects of the entire sales, marketing and service process, including data tracking, integrated learning, knowledge management and product lifecycle management. Related Whitepapers D-Link Case Study: Simple and Scalable Network Solutions for Medical Professionals and Visiting Clients How to Plan For Disaster Recovery D-Link Case Study: A Reliable and Robust Campuswide Network Solution at a Reasonable Cost Datto’s State of Channel APAC Ransomware Report Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Your Windows 10 PC may soon lock itself when you walk away   Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World | GoodGearGuide | Computerworld Australia | CIO Australia | CMO Australia | CSO Online | Techworld | CIO Executive Council Links: Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] | Advertising | Books | Downloads Latest News 11:53AM Security concerns remain as open source usage surges 11:31AM Will Arris International buy Brocade's networking business? 10:37AM Former Dimension Data exec to fill VP operations role at UltraServe 09:00AM InfoTrust - Specialising in security More News Changing of the channel guard in 2017 Australia is not a screw-up nation 31 May World Business Forum Sydney 2017 View all events Featured ARN ICT Industry Awards ARN ICT Industry Awards EDGE 2017 EDGE 2017 Women in ICT Awards Women in ICT Awards Emerging Leaders 2017 Emerging Leaders 2017
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Opinion: Does Apple need to make an Amazon Echo/Google Home speaker, or just make Siri better? Trending in Apple 10 years on, how the iPhone changed our lives, reactions from the 9to5Mac team Trending in Apple Apple’s AirPods and the best cord-free competition compared Trending in Apple 2017 & Beyond: What’s next for Mac, and what of its longer-term future? Trending in Apple Comment: OWC’s ‘DEC’ attachment highlights the portability progress Apple has made with the MacBook Pro Trending in Apple Opinion: Why the LG 5K UltraFine isn’t the MacBook Pro display I’m looking for January 5 AAPL: 116.61 0.59 Tim Cook accused of being ‘disrespectful to the Irish people’ after refusing to appear before tax probe committee Chance Miller - Jan. 5th 2017 2:24 pm PT @ChanceHMiller AAPL Company Tim Cook View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple’s tax battle in Ireland has been a long and convoluted affair for the company, but adding insult to injury, Tim Cook is now being accused of being “disrespectful” to the country and its citizens. As noted by The Financial Times, Cook turned down an invitation to talk to a committee of governmental officials investigating Apple’s tax setup in the country, a move that has been seen by some as disrespectful… In a letter to the committee of members of parliament investigating the tax arrangements, Apple’s Claire Thwaites, a senior director of government affairs, explained that the company had been advised to not take any direct activities that could affect the outcome: “Given the sensitive nature of the investigation and the timing, we have been advised not to undertake any other direct activities, which could potentially prejudice future outcomes. It is on this basis that we are unable to appear before the committee on this occasion.” This response from Apple has drawn criticism from some politicians in Ireland. Pearse Doherty, a member of the finance committee, said that Apple’s decision not to attend the meeting was “disrespectful to the Irish people.” Doherty contrasted Cook’s refusal to appear in Ireland to his willingness to appear before the United States Senate, “For him to refuse to attend the committee now is disrespectful to the Irish people. One would have thought Mr Cook would be keen to put Apple’s view before the Irish people.” Sean Sherlock, a Labour MP and committee member, said the refusal to attend the hearing was a “missed opportunity” by Mr Cook. The move could very much be a decision on Apple’s part to try to distance itself from the entire debacle. Sending Cook to Ireland would only cause a rush of press coverage, again putting Apple’s questionable tax maneuvering in the limelight. Last August, EU regulators ordered Ireland to recover 13 billion euros in illegal tax benefits from Apple, though the company said it would appeal the ruling. Tim Cook responded to the decision in an open letter on Apple’s homepage, saying that the company is “confident that the Commission’s ruling will be reversed.” Some argued, however, that Cook’s statement was tone-deaf. Meanwhile, Google is battling similar tax issues due its use of similar Dutch & Irish tax loopholes… Guides AAPL Company Breaking news from Cupertino. We’ll give you the latest from Apple headquarters and decipher fact from fiction from the rumor mill. View THe Guide Tim Cook The CEO of Apple View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror Matt Lewis DC Trawler Send a Tip Apple Pulls The New York Times Mobile App From China Due To Government Pressure Eric Lieberman Tech and Law Reporter 5:22 PM 01/05/2017      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP   Left: The Chinese Flag at the opening ceremony of the 2008 Beijing Olympic Games (Photo credit: FABRICE COFFRINI/AFP/Getty Images) Right: Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks on stage during an Apple product launch event on October 27, 2016 in Cupertino, California. (Photo by Stephen Lam/Getty Images)    5408069 Apple purged “The New York Times” news app from its application store for China in December, citing media restrictions in the country. “For some time now the New York Times app has not been permitted to display content to most users in China and we have been informed that the app is in violation of local regulations,” Fred Sainz, an Apple spokesman based in California, told the New York Times. “As a result, the app must be taken down off the China App Store. When this situation changes, the App Store will once again offer the New York Times app for download in China.” The Chinese government started blocking the New York Times’ websites in 2012 due to a series of stories detailing the massive wealth of the family of then-Prime Minister Wen Jiabao, according to the publication itself. (RELATED: China Battles For Internet Hegemony After America Gives Up Control) Apple officially removed the English-language and Chinese-language apps from the app store on Dec. 23, but other big name media outlets like The Wall Street Journal and the Financial Times are still permitted on the app store, according to NYT. Tech companies that started in America, like Apple, try to comply with foreign laws as a means to appease the respective governments, and subsequently remain available to its people. China passed the U.S. as Apple’s biggest iPhone market in April of 2015. Follow Eric on Twitter Send tips to [email protected] . Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact [email protected] . Tags: China, iPhone, The New York Times Hide Comments   Show comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Follow us: Release dates: every game confirmed for 2017 Pokemon Sun & Moon guide: walkthrough, best starter, QR codes, TM locations, tips PC PS4 Xbox One Destiny GTA 5 Battlefield Pokemon Overwatch Guides Ticker Of course Pokemon Go was the most downloaded release on the App Store last year, but Super Mario Run is on its heels Thursday, 5 January 2017 22:06 GMT By Brenna Hillier Share on: Facebook Twitter Reddit Google+ Pokemon Go was all that and a bag of chips in a year when Apple had so many potato snacks it swam in them Scrooge McDuck style. Pokemon Go was the most-downloaded app on Apple’s App Store in 2016, the company announced to absolutely nobody’s surprise. Apple didn’t give any solid numbers with this info, unfortunately, but Pokemon Go hit 75 million downloads in its launch month of July despite a distinct lack of fanfare over its release, and dominated revenue and download charts for months. Super Mario Run, which out-performed Pokemon Go at launch, came in at 10th place on the App Store’s 2016 charts, even though it only released in December. Apple said Super Mario Run, which was promoted by Nintendo and Apple with mainstream TV appearances among other marketing, broke all App Store launch records with 40 million downloads in just four days after its release, and was the most downloaded app globally on Christmas Day and New Year’s Day. If Super Mario Run can continue that level of performance it will easily overtake Pokemon Go, although I don’t know if the runner has the same viral appeal of Niantic’s phenomenon. Investors don’t seem very impressed with the game, unfortunately, but Super Mario Run has generated 3 million full sales from its 90 million downloads, which is “only” a 3% conversion rate but accounts for $30 million in revenue. Anyway: we don’t know how wide the gap is between Pokemon Go at number one and Super Mario Run in tenth spot, but since Pokemon Go hit 100 million downloads in August and we haven’t had an update since then, it might not be especially wide (or it might be enormous, who even knows). It’s also worth noting that Super Mario Run is not on Android yet, and when it hits Google’s platform we can probably expect a huge surge. Apple did not provide a full top ten chart for most downloaded apps on the App Store but did namedrop Prisma, Reigns, Procreate, Lumino City, Sweat With Kayla and djay Pro as being “among the most successful apps for iPhone, iPad, Apple TV, Apple Watch and Mac, respectively”. There are now 2.2 million apps on the App Store, up 20% on last year, and Apple had a record-breaking holiday season with $3 billion in App Store purchases in December 2016 alone. Developer earnings for the year total rose 40% year-on-year from 2015 to over $20 billion, a third of the platform’s lifetime total of $60 billion. The App Store then had its busiest single day ever on New Year’s Day with $240 million in purchases, so 2017 is looking bright. Share on: Facebook Twitter Reddit Google+ Latest Deadly Premonition, D4 creator Swery65 is back in business with new indie studio, White Owls Arms, the Switch fighting game, is a lot more involved than Wii Fit boxing flailing Cats are more trouble than they’re worth in this Gravity Rush 2 live action trailer DISCLAIMER Sometimes we include links to online retail stores. If you click on one and make a purchase we may receive a small commission. For more information, go here. Tags a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z # Privacy policy Terms & conditions Staff © 2017 VG247 Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS
English | 中文 2017 01 15 • Politics • Economy • Society • Culture • World • Translation • Ministry of Truth • Grass-Mud Horse Lexicon • Longform • Sensitive Words • Word of the Week • Drawing the News • Netizen Voices • More • Environment • Information Revolution • Human Rights • The Great Divide • Sci-Tech • CDT Bookshelf • Hong Kong • Taiwan Apple’s Removal of New York Times App Questioned Within a sometimes hostile environment for foreign media in China, The New York Times has been singled out for special treatment from authorities, particularly after hard-hitting reporting on the wealth of the family of then Prime Minister Wen Jiabao in 2012. Most recently, Apple has agreed to remove both the English and Chinese versions of the New York Times app from its China-based App Store following a request from government officials. Neither Apple nor the government has yet publicly stated the reasons for the removal, but new regulations introduced last summer placed further restrictions on apps in an effort to curb the spread of “illegal information.” The Times’ app removal may be linked to recent reporting by David Barboza–who also reported the 2012 Wen Jiabao story–about iPhone production in China and other China coverage in the paper. From Katie Benner and Sui-Lee Wee at The New York Times: In the weeks leading up to the withdrawal of the Times apps, The Times was working on various articles related to the Chinese government. One of them, posted online on Dec. 29, revealed the billions of dollars in hidden perks and subsidies that the Chinese government provides to the world’s biggest iPhone factory. China is also one of Apple’s largest iPhone markets, though sales in that region have slowed. On Dec. 23, David Barboza, a Times reporter, spoke with members of Apple’s media team about the article. Mr. Barboza had previously been in touch with the iPhone factory owner, Foxconn. He had also contacted the Chinese government as part of his reporting. Later that day, a separate team from Apple informed The Times that the apps would be removed, Ms. Murphy said. [Source] From Barboza’s December 29 report about FoxConn: The well-choreographed customs routine is part of a hidden bounty of perks, tax breaks and subsidies in China that supports the world’s biggest iPhone factory, according to confidential government records reviewed by The New York Times, as well as more than 100 interviews with factory workers, logistics handlers, truck drivers, tax specialists and current and former Apple executives. The package of sweeteners and incentives, worth billions of dollars, is central to the production of the iPhone, Apple’s best-selling and most profitable product. It all centers on Zhengzhou, a city of six million people in an impoverished region of China. Running at full tilt, the factory here, owned and operated by Apple’s manufacturing partner Foxconn, can produce 500,000 iPhones a day. Locals now refer to Zhengzhou as “iPhone City.” The local government has proved instrumental, doling out more than $1.5 billion to Foxconn to build large sections of the factory and nearby employee housing. It paved roads and built power plants. It helps cover continuing energy and transportation costs for the operation. It recruits workers for the assembly line. It pays bonuses to the factory for meeting export targets. All of it in support of iPhone production. [Source] Many have criticized Apple for acceding to government demands without offering a public explanation or showing evidence of a court order or other official document justifying the order. Times reporter Katie Benner gave further details about her reporting on the app’s removal: some China-Apple-NYT censorship oddities… China didn't contact the Times, as it has in the past. It worked entirely through Apple — katie benner (@ktbenner) January 4, 2017 China didn't say why they wanted the NYT app pulled and Apple wouldn't say what law it was complying with — katie benner (@ktbenner) January 4, 2017 Apple has always said it obeys the law, but I was surprised that it doesn't feel the need to say what law it's obeying — katie benner (@ktbenner) January 4, 2017 Apple pulled the NYT from the app store in China, but not other big intl news outlets. — katie benner (@ktbenner) January 4, 2017 The day before the NYT app was pulled from the App Store in China, the NYT pubbed this story. https://t.co/cZJAcrpYwR — katie benner (@ktbenner) January 4, 2017 But the two events could be totally unrelated. The govt isn't saying and Apple isn't saying whether or not it knows the reason. — katie benner (@ktbenner) January 4, 2017 The New York Times website has been blocked China since 2012, and the app was barred from updating new content in China, but the company was later able to install technology and use other techniques to evade government censorship. GreatFire, which helped The Times produce an Android app that provides uncensored content, condemned Apple for the recent move in a series of tweets: Need to clarify some things on Apple and the NYT in China. Following comments are those of https://t.co/y2kp3aXdip.https://t.co/3AxhlUiqGY — GreatFire.org (@GreatFireChina) January 5, 2017 We developed @NYTimesChina uncensored Chinese-language Android app which continues to work unobstructed in China. https://t.co/ShDyIjOgLw — GreatFire.org (@GreatFireChina) January 5, 2017 App works because collateral freedom. Requests app sends for news are hidden inside encrypted connections. Authorities can't counterattack. — GreatFire.org (@GreatFireChina) January 5, 2017 We don’t do iOS since Apple removed our @FreeWeibo app from store. We can evade Chinese authorities but not censorship by Apple leadership. — GreatFire.org (@GreatFireChina) January 5, 2017 We're defeating China's well-developed censorship apparatus, only to be thwarted by actions of a publicly listed American company. $AAPL — GreatFire.org (@GreatFireChina) January 5, 2017 And from New York Times reporter Chris Buckley: Apple severs a bridge to our most avid and critical readers for China news — our Chinese readers. Doesn't Apple owe them an explanation? https://t.co/Hg8yiXOgiN — Chris Buckley 储百亮 (@ChuBailiang) January 5, 2017 This move comes as the Chinese government has announced plans to expand its overseas media outreach via a newly revamped CCTV called the China Global Television Network. Since taking office, Xi Jinping has renewed the focus on state media as a propaganda organ by both pressuring domestic media to “speak for the Party” and attempting to influence foreign media coverage of China. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) January 5, 2017 1:59 PM Posted By: Sophie Beach Categories: China & the World, Information Revolution, Politics, Sci-Tech, Society Tags: Apple, apps, external propaganda, foreign media, new york times Related Stories 2016.11.03 Exporting Propaganda, from Cooption to Censorship 2016.09.29 Is There a Backlash Against Online Nationalism? 2016.09.27 Foreign Journalists Face Increasing Pressure 2016.09.16 HK Star Denise Ho Filtered on iTunes, Music Sites 2016.09.15 China Suspected of Cyberwar Recon; Huawei Fears Linger 2016.09.09 Chinese Donors Influencing Australian Politics 2016.09.05 Minitrue: Tight Control on Xi’s “Loose Clothing” Slip at G20 2016.08.26 Q&A Forum Fenda Shuttered Amid Media Crackdown 2016.08.23 Badiucao (巴丢草): Mao Tribute Concerts in Australia 2016.07.28 Xi’s External Propaganda Machine on Overdrive 2016.07.10 Beijing Controls Messaging in Australia’s Chinese Press 2016.06.29 New Search & App Rules as Cybersecurity Law Looms 2016.06.21 Minitrue: Do Not Report on Wukan Mass Incident 2016.06.10 China Broadens Soft Power Push in Australia 2016.05.31 Australian Media Deals Raise Concerns 2016.05.25 China’s “New Normal” Internet Control: Does it Work? 2016.05.09 State Media Outlets Are Crushing It on Facebook 2016.04.22 Western PR Firms, SCMP, and China’s Story Abroad 2016.04.22 Chang Ping: Twitter and the “Great China Story” 2016.04.14 Grasping Overseas, China Risks Backlash CDT Highlights Color of the Week: APEC Blue Most Popular Essays of 2016 on CDT Chinese Phrase of the Week: Ulterior Motives Minitrue: Pollution Lawsuit, Smog Classification Minitrue: No Unauthorized Coverage of Shooting CDT for iPhone & iPad CDT Chinese HighlightsMy Tweets CDT on TwitterMy Tweets From the Archives Senior Official: The Governing Party Needs to Establish Fundamental Political Ethics Tan Zuoren's Defense Statement Anti's English Blog: Translating Public Writings of Chinese Intellectuals Popular Posts Photo: 2016 六．四 燭光晚會, by XexeX Burmese 'Stopped From Seeking Shelter' in China Sensitive Words: "Interview" with Xi's First Wife Support CDT CDT STORE Use Giving Assistant to save money and support China Digital Times Inc. About Us Contact Us Subscribe to Us CDT Online Store China Digital Times is supported by the Berkeley Counter-Power Lab | 2011 Copyright © China Digital Times | Powered by WordPress
Share Tweet Analyst predicts 12.9-inch and 10.5-inch iPad Pro 2 in spring 2017 Search Macworld All All News Reviews Features How-Tos Downloads Apple Apple News Apple Reviews Mac Mac Reviews MacBook Reviews Mac News How To Mac Software Reviews Mac Software Downloads iPad iPad Reviews iPad App Reviews iPad News iPad How To iPhone iPhone Reviews iPhone App Reviews iPhone News iPhone How To News Apple Mac Mac Software iPad iPhone iOS Apps Reviews MacBook iMac Mac Pro Mac mini Mac Software iPhone iPad iPod iOS Apps Apple TV Apple Watch iOS and Mac Accessories How To Mac Mac Software iPad iPhone iOS Apps Forums Macworld forum Deals Open Menu Share This Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube RSS Hot Topics iPhone 7s release date rumours Apple Watch 2 Apple AirPods release date rumours Best iPhone buying guide 2017 spon-art Latest Apple Deals » Home News iPad News iPad Pro 2 release date rumours UK | iPad Pro 2017 new features, specs, price iPad Pro 2 release date rumours UK | iPad Pro 2017 specs, UK price, new features: Analyst predicts 12.9-inch and 10.5-inch iPad Pro 2 in spring 2017 When will the iPad Pro 2 come out, and what will it look like? Read on for iPad Pro 2 release date, specs, new features, design & UK price rumours. Latest: a new 'inbetweener' 10.5-inch iPad Pro with a bezel-free screen and no Home button has been predicted for early 2017, and analyst Gene Munster is predicting a folding iPad by David Price | 09 Jan 17 Share Tweet Send ﻿ Hi. I saw this on Macworld UK and thought you should see it too. Comments When will the iPad Pro 2 be released in the UK (or whatever they call the next version of the iPad Pro for 2017)? And what new features will be added to the 9.7-inch and 12.9-inch versions of the iPad Pro 2? The iPad Pro 2 launch is an exciting prospect - but we may have to wait a bit longer. Apple made a splash in September 2015 when it unveiled its first giant tablet: a device known at the time only as the iPad Pro and rocking a blockbuster 12.9-inch screen, quad speakers and a super-quick processor chip. The following March a smaller and frankly better 9.7-inch version of the iPad Pro came out, creating mild naming complications (we now call them the iPad Pro 12.9 and iPad Pro 9.7 respectively) and kindling a degree of regret in the hearts of early adopters. But we are now looking ahead to the future of the iPad Pro line. When will Apple release the new iPad Pro 2 for 2017, and what new features and design changes will this product incorporate? Will there be separate 9.7-inch and 12.9-inch editions of the iPad Pro 2 - will there even be a 7.9-inch model, a sort of iPad Pro mini, or a new 10.5-inch iPad Pro 2? Our iPad Pro 2 release date & new features rumour roundup weighs up all the clues, hints and evidence about the new iPad Pro models for 2017, as well as our wishlist of new features that are missing from the current generation of iPad Pro hardware. Check back regularly for the latest iPad Pro 2 rumours. Updated 9 January 2017 with another analyst prediction of a 10.5in iPad; 14 Dec 2017, with a rumour of a folding iPad; and on 7 Dec, to discuss rumours about the iPad Pro 2's design - that it will be thicker than the iPad Pro and feature mostly bezel-free screens and no Home button. Read next: iPad buying guide 2017 | Best cheap iPad Pro deals UK iPad Pro 2 release date rumours UK: Launch date When will the next iPad Pro come out in the UK? March 2017, most likely. During Apple's September 2016 event, there was no mention of the iPad line (focusing instead on the iPhone 7 and Apple Watch Series 2), while its October event showcased a smart if costly new MacBook Pro. If it had a new iPad Pro up its sleeve, surely Apple could have found time at one of these events to mention it... which suggests to us that the iPad Pro 2 is being held back until spring 2017. March is generally when Apple holds its first event of the year. iPad Pro 2 release: One iPad launch event, or two? As with the two strands of iPhone models - the mid-size iPhone 7 and large-screen iPhone 7 Plus, both launched in September 2016, and the smaller iPhone SE, released in March 2016 - there are two schools of thought here. Either Apple will unify the two Pro brands into a single annual update event, or it will continue to update half the models in spring and the other half in autumn. Both theories have downsides. If, as now looks likely, Apple does a full refresh (9.7-in and 12.9-inch together) in March 2017, then the current hardware will be starting to feel old before then - the original Pro will be 18 months old, which is a long time to be the most expensive tablet on Apple's books. Then again, the company would have been in almost as tricky a position if it did a full refresh in September, presumably upsetting a bunch of people who just bought new devices. Three major iPad updates in the space of 12 months might just be taking the mickey. There's also something a bit messy, a bit un-Apple, about having two press event to announce what would essentially amount to two SKUs of the same product line. I think the company will want to keep things simple. A final thought, however, is that people don't update their iPads as often as their iPhones: only 6 percent of the respondents to our poll said they get a new iPad every year. It's therefore debatable whether Apple actually needs to bring out new iPads this often. It could probably switch to a biennial release schedule without causing much of a problem. Read next: iPad Air 3 rumours | iPad mini 5 rumours | Apple Pencil 2 rumours iPad Pro 2 release date rumours UK: New 10.5-inch iPad Pro The latest rumour suggests that after the lack of an iPad Pro update in autumn 2016, Apple will make up for this in 2017 by launching an entirely new size of iPad. Ming-Chi Kuo, a market analyst with a strong track record, has published a report making predictions about Apple's moves over the next couple of years. Kuo is cautious in his iPad sales predictions - cutting a previous estimate of 45 to 50 million for the year to 35 to 40 million, partly because of a lack of new products in the near term: despite a comparatively strong performance in Q3 2016, iPad sales remain flat - but argues that Apple will sell three sizes of iPad. There will be a 12.9-inch Pro, a 9.7-inch regular iPad and a new 10.5-inch Pro, Kuo predicts, with the smallest offered as a low-cost option with a lower-powered processor as well as a smaller screen. Kuo's reasoning is that an 'inbetweener' 10.5-inch iPad Pro would sell well to the education and business sectors: "If the iPad comes in a larger size, such as a 10.5-inch model, we believe it will be helpful to bid for tenders within the commercial and education markets. As a result, we expect Apple to launch a 10.5-inch iPad Pro in 2017." These three iPad sizes don't include the 7.9-inch form factor of the iPad mini. Apple could continue to sell the mini alongside the three other iPads, but the success of the iPhone 6 Plus and the iPhone 7 Plus means Apple may feel that this area is covered by its phablet offerings. But we'll discuss the prospects of an 'iPad Pro mini' in the next section. This new 10.5in or even 10.9in size is rumoured to come with a bezel-free design, as it will accommodate the larger screen in a smaller form-factor. This might potentially see the end of the home button. Ming-Chi Kuo has reiterated his prediction in a January 2017 report, once again claiming that new iPad models for Q2 2017 will be 12.9-inch, 10-10.5-inch, and 9.7-inch.  He notes that the 12.9-inch model will be "the second generation of the existing 12.9” iPad Pro," that the new in-between size will be "the high-end model equipped with a narrow bezel design," and that the 9.7-inch model will be "the low-priced option." The first two will run on a new A10X chip, with the latter on an A9 chip. With that in mind, it looks like the likeliest outcome would be for the 12.9-inch model to be a new iPad Pro 2, the 10-10.5-inch model to be a smaller Pro, and the lower-price 9.7-inch model simply branded as the iPad. Once again, there was no mention of a successor to the 7.9-inch mini, adding fuel to the speculation that it will be phased out by Apple - unless it plans to stick the 'mini' name on the 9.7-inch model. Kuo also notes that while he expects another decline in the volume of iPads shipped in 2017 - down to 35-37 million - this is set to be a smaller decline than seen in 2016, and will be offset by a rise in the average selling price of the devices, leading him to conclude that the "worst has passed for Apple’s iPad." iPad Pro 2 release date rumours UK: Will there be an iPad Pro mini? Following the launch of the 9.7-inch Pro it's now firmly established that the Pro brand doesn't just refer to Apple's biggest tablets - instead, it refers to a set of specs and features and, in a way that's hard to define, any tablet that sits at the top of Apple's range. If we accept that a 9.7-inch tablet can be an iPad Pro, could we get a 7.9-inch Pro as well? The truth is that there's no concrete reason why there can't be a 7.9-inch iPad Pro 2, but for various reasons we still don't expect Apple to do this. For one thing, unlike the Air line-up, the minis are still being updated; the mini 4 came out at the same event as the first iPad Pro, which suggests that Apple plans to keep both brands going at the same time. And besides, the Pro brand has always existed in opposition to a lower-end alternative: the MacBook Pro sits opposite the MacBook Air (and plain MacBook); the Mac Pro opposite the iMac; and so on. Apple can't just call every tablet a Pro. We're starting to suspect that the Air brand may be phased out across Apple's laptop and tablet departments, but there still needs to be two lines left in each of these areas. Apple still sell a MacBook Pro and a 12-inch MacBook, we expect; in the same way, we'd expect there to be iPad Pro models and iPad mini models. To read more about the iPad mini 5 - or the iPad Pro mini - then take a look at our iPad mini 5 rumour roundup. iPad Pro 2 release date rumours UK: Design What design changes can we expect from the new iPad Pro 2? Folding iPad We'll start with the most out-there rumour. Analyst Gene Munster - he of the relentless and widely mocked 'Apple television' predictions, who in my opinion was somewhat vindicated when it turned out that Apple had been developing a telly but gave up on the plan - has predicted that Apple is going to make a foldable iPad. The prediction, reported by Apple Must, cites recent patent activity that shows Apple is exploring the idea of a foldable iPhone, and extrapolates this concept to the tablet sphere (where, because of the larger form factor of the devices, a folding design probably makes more sense). The timing of the prediction is interesting, coming as it does shortly after the end of the first series of Westworld, HBO's violent and disorienting TV series based on the 1970s Yul Brynner film of the same name. In Westworld, the human programmers who set the behaviours and personalities of the park's western-themed android inhabitants do all their programming on slick foldable tablets. The foldable tablet designs on the show make a lot of sense and look fantastic. (The idea of programmers working exclusively on tablets presently seems less plausible.) Bezel-free screen Macotakara, a Japanese-language Apple site, predicts that the iPad Pro 2 will have a largely bezel-free screen and no Home button, citing sources in Taiwan. The bezel (the non-screen area around the edge of the screen on an iPad, which you hold while using the device) will apparently be removed from the bottom of the iPad Pro, meaning the Home button will disappear, and Touch ID will have to be integrated into the screen itself. Oddly, the site predicts that the bezel will remain at the top of the iPad Pro 2, and will continue to house the front-facing FaceTime camera. Thicker design Macotakara also believes that the 12.9-inch model of the iPad Pro 2 will be 3mm thicker than its predecessor, and says the middle-size model of the iPad Pro will have a 10.9-inch screen, not 10.5-inch as has been rumoured elsewhere. iPad Pro 2 release date rumours UK: Leaked photos AppleInsider has published two photos ostensibly showing the iPad Pro 2, were sent into the site by an anonymous reader. The images, like most Apple hardware leaks, are said to originate from the Asian supply chain; in this case it's said to be an employee at a Chinese supplier who has taken and leaked the photos. Both photos show the same onscreen imagery - the General > About tab of the Settings app, chosen presumably because it includes model number designations and other details that can corroborate the photo's legitimacy. (But, as AppleInsider observes, such details are not difficult to spoof, so the photos may yet be fake.) The About page says the depicted iPad is model MH1C2CD/F: that certainly sounds right, since that designation hasn't been given to any publicly known iPads, while broadly following the conventions of earlier Pro models. (The 128GB cellular 12.9-inch iPad Pro, for instance, is designated ML3K2B/A. By contrast, the iPad Air 2 uses a slightly different format: the 128GB cellular model is MH332B/A.)  Although, we should note that spoofing the model number can be changed relatively easily. More so, the model shows only 12GB of available storage - this can however be a test version, where 12GB of internal storage is more than sufficient. As one would expect, the depicted iPad is running a version of iOS 10 - you can tell because Siri gets its own top-level tab in the Settings app rather than a sub-category within General. Unfortunately - or conveniently, if you're cynical - it's virtually impossible to deduce anything else about the device from the shots, which don't show hardware ports or buttons, and have nothing else in frame with which to compare size of screen and so on. About all this tells us is that a new iPad Pro is probably on its way in the next few months.  Once we know more information or sent more details on the screenshots we will update this article. iPad Pro 2 rumours: New features wishlist The iPad Pro tablets are great, but they're not perfect. Here are a few new features and design tweaks we'd like to see in the second-gen iPad Pro. iPad Pro 2 wishlist: Bring the 9.7in Pro's new features across to the 12.9in model An issue we've addressed several times across this article concerns the disappointment felt by a number of 12.9-inch iPad Pro owners when the cheaper and in many respects better 9.7-inch iPad Pro was launched six months later. So the first thing we'd ask for is consistency. To achieve this the larger Pro model needs to get: A 12-megapixel rear-facing camera (up from 8Mp) A 5Mp front-facing camera (up from 1.2Mp) 4K video recording Live Photos Display with True Tone and 'wide colour' A 32GB cellular buying option A pink colour option iPad Pro 2 wishlist: Better keyboard accessory (for 9.7-inch model) The Pros are explicitly aimed at business users, and for this reason it was critical to get some good keyboard accessories. Apple's own Smart Keyboard is a strong offering in the larger size - even though it's expensive, and Macworld is divided on the issue of whether Logitech's less attractive Create keyboard offers a better typing experience - but the 9.7-inch version is a different matter. As a result of the smaller keys typing accuracy is weaker; the lower weight means it feels less satisfying under the fingers. (The design looks great, however, and is magnificently slim and light from a portability point of view. And the Smart Connector - and the fact that you never have to worry about battery life - is wonderful too.) We feel that Apple needs to create - or persuade a third-party accessory maker to create - a 9.7-inch keyboard you can really type on. And this may involve some compromises. It may need to have a foldout design (sounds ugly, right?) so that it could fit in larger keys. It might need to be heavier (thereby reducing portability) in order to feel better and reduce movement on the desk. But whatever happens, the smaller Pro needs an updated accessory line-up in order to compete as a business tool. Read next: Best iPad keyboards iPad Pro 2 wishlist: More (smaller) Home screen icons This is a software change rather than a hardware one, but it's frustrating that Apple doesn't allow you to fit more app icons on the screen of the 12.9-inch iPad Pro. At present you're allowed 20 app icons (or folders), plus up to six in the Dock, and this is exactly the same that you're allowed on the 9.7-inch iPads, which feels like a waste of the extra space. By default, the icons are the same size, so there's far more empty space on the screen. You can select a zoom view, with larger icons, but we'd prefer the option to have a grid of 5x6 icons, plus a seventh icon in the Dock. iPad Pro 2 wishlist: iOS 10 We expect the new iPad Pro 2 to ship with iOS 10 pre-installed. Apple's latest mobile operating system brought more than 100 new and updated features. However, no special iPad-only features that have yet been announced or discovered on iOS 10 - so we hope Apple will address this during their March 2017 presentation. iOS 11 will come out in autumn 2017; if the iPad Pro 2 doesn't come out until then - which would be a disappointment, frankly - then it will come with that OS preinstalled instead. iPad Pro 2 wishlist: Processor We expect the iPad Pro 2 to be shipped with the A10X, a variant on the A10 Fusion processor found in the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. Rumours suggest the A10X will be an upgraded A9X built on a smaller FinFET technology. This would point towards a release date of spring 2017, with a new 10nm processor included within the iPad Pro 2. Might we also see 4K (3840x2160) recording abilities? Some rumours suggest that the feature will be integrated within the OS, as the likes of the nVidia and AMD mobile-generation graphics cards might make an appearance within the iPad Pro 2.  iPad Pro 2 wishlist: Design & display There are certain rumours suggesting that the iPad Pro 2 will feature an OLED or a flexible AMOLED display. Both are possibilities, but it's unlikely Apple will change their display manufacturing process. Nevertheless, it's a speculation some have - as Apple is losing its market share in the tablet industry and with ever growing competition, analysts predict Apple needs to react in a drastic fashion to interest consumers to stay or switch to an Apple product. Some say that the next iPad Pro 2 will feature a borderless design, providing a much better user experience and again, a more unique tablet in the market.  It's also rumoured that the new 12.9in iPad will be 0.3mm thicker, which would be a surprise - especially if it adds better battery life. Through this rumour by Japanese site Makotakara (spotted by 9to5Mac), we could see various design changes, such as the removal of the famous home button - not only on the iPad, but also on the upcoming iPhone 8. Also see: iPhone 8 release date rumours UK. Turn to the next page to read our original predictions for the first-generation iPad Pro models. >> Read on… Pages 1 2 3 Tags: iPad , Rumour , iPad Pro Share this article Share Tweet Send ﻿ Hi. I saw this on Macworld UK and thought you should see it too. Comments Comments Advertisement Nintendo Switch review: Hands on with the intuitive modular console and its disappointing games… 1995-2015: How technology has changed the world in 20 years Here's what should be coming to Adobe Project Felix in 2017 Best iMovie for Mac tips 2017 | How to edit video with iMovie: 26 brilliant video editing tricks… News Reviews How To Digital Magazines Apple Tech Deals Forums Apple Mac iPhone iPad Mac Downloads About Macworld Contact Site Map Information for advertisers Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Cookies UK Tech Weekly Podcast:Soundcloud/ iTunes Follow Macworld on Twitter Follow Macworld on Facebook © Copyright 2017 IDG UK. All Rights Reserved.
Startup Launch! Best Industries Funding Incubators Business Plans Naming Home-Based Business The UPS StoreView Grow Strategy Operations Sales Marketing Customer Service Franchises Build Lead Company Culture Productivity Public Speaking Hiring HR/Benefits Women Entrepreneurs Rising Stars T-MobileView Innovate Creativity Invent Design Pivot Technology Cloud Computing Social Media Security Big Data Money Bootstrapping Crowdfunding Venture Capital Borrowing Business Models Personal Finance Inc. 5000 The 2016 US List The 2016 Europe List Apply Inc. 5000 US Special Reports Founders 40 Small Business Week The Inc. Life Icons of Entrepreneurship Hot Spots Spread the Wealth Vision 2020 Secrets of the Inspired Traveler Main Street Video Founders Forum Inspiration Chronicles World's Coolest Offices Lift Inc. Live How I Did It Drinks With… Idea Lab Playbook Productivity Playbook Tip Sheet Origin Stories Ask Marcus Lemonis Events Full Schedule Inc. Women's Summit Inc.5000 Conference & Gala Iconic GrowCo Conference Inc. BrandView NEWSLETTERS MAGAZINE PARTNER CONTENT Inc. BrandView Inc. Branded Content Inc. Franchise LAUNCH! PODCASTS SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISE INC. RADIO BUSINESS TOOLS Send Press Releases Plan for your business Secure Funding Get Published OTHER EDITIONS Inc. ASEAN Inc. Arabia SITEMAP PRIVACY PRESS QUERIES AD CHOICE Search Newsletters Follow Subscribe Today's Must Reads Startup Inc. Events & Offers Inc. Partner Events & Offers Forgot Password? Enter your email to reset your password Or sign up using: New member? Sign up now. Sign in if you're already registered. TECHNOLOGY How Amazon Is Beating Google and Apple With a Little Help From Its Friends Despite not having an official presence at CES, Amazon has been the talk of the show thanks to the ubiquity of its Alexa voice assistant. By Salvador Rodriguez Salvador Rodriguez is a staff reporter for the San Francisco bureau of Inc. He covers Apple, Google, Facebook, Twitter, tech diversity, virtual reality, and other aspects of technology and entrepreneurship. Previously, Rodriguez was the Silicon Valley correspondent for the International Business Times; before that, he was the lead tech blogger and gadget reviewer for the Los Angeles Times. Rodriguez has interned with The New York Times in Arizona, The Arizona Republic, and the Houston Chronicle. He was born in Mexico and raised in Texas, and he earned his journalism degrees at Arizona State University. One of his special skills is the ability to name all the Super Bowl winners chronologically from memory. @sal19 Staff reporter, Inc.@sal19 WRITE A COMMENT The "Alexa family" of Amazon's Echo virtual assistant. CREDIT: Amazon Advertisement Amazon has a history of keeping a low profile at the annual Consumer Electronics Show, but so far, the online retailer has stolen the limelight at the 2017 edition of the tech conference thanks to Alexa, its popular artificial intelligence-powered virtual voice assistant. Alexa has been an early hit at the Las Vegas conference as several new products have been announced with integrations that use the Amazon assistant, such as LG's new refrigerator, an air purifier, and even a humanoid robot. "We have a rich pipeline of Alexa voice service equipment that will be released over the coming months," said Mike George, Amazon's vice president of Echo and Alexa, at the LG press event at CES on Tuesday, according to GeekWire. Since the 2015 debut of the Echo speaker, Amazon has made headway in the artificial intelligence market with products that let users easily put Alexa to use through various commands. These include asking Alexa for information about sports or the weather, asking her to set reminders, or requesting music from Spotify. Seemingly out of left field, Amazon's Alexa has risen as a formidable foe against the likes of Apple's Siri, Google's Now, and Microsoft's Cortana. After the embarrassing flop of the Fire Phone, Amazon was left out of the lucrative smartphone market, unlike chief rivals Google and Apple. That setback forced Amazon to get resourceful by releasing products for the home that at first blush seemed like little more than smart speakers that let their owners order more trash bags or light bulbs with a verbal command. Now, at CES 2017, Amazon is looking to expand beyond the Echo's core functionality with integrations that will place Alexa in smart products consumers can purchase for any part of their homes. "Amazon is taking a smart approach by making its software compatible with other products," said Mark Clifton, CEO and founder of Princeton Identity, an identity management company. "If Google, Apple, and Microsoft are to compete with Amazon, they'll need to make a tough decision about how compatible and open they choose to be." "Amazon has a real first-mover advantage in building a community of third-party developers and device manufacturers," said Jason Krikorian, general partner at DCM Ventures. This strategy of working with outside parties, which has been hailed by analysts, leaves Google and Microsoft playing catch-up. When Microsoft's Windows rose to prominence, the Redmond, Washington, company persuaded partners to integrate its operating system into their desktop computers. Similarly, Google's Android became Apple's chief rival after Google partnered with phone manufacturers. Now, Amazon is expanding its established dominance of the virtual assistant market in the exact same way. "Alexa isn't technically an OS per se, but it fulfills a similar role," said Jan Dawson, chief analyst at Jackdaw Research. "It's become very clear this week that Alexa is by far the voice platform of choice even for vendors who use Android for much of their hardware." Though Microsoft's Cortana assistant lives on Windows, the company's hardly used phones, and the Xbox One, it has gained little traction. At this point, it's essentially a lost cause. Apple's Siri and Google Now still dominate their respective smartphones, but Alexa has proven that demand for a virtual assistant goes beyond a device that sits in your hand or your pocket. "Alexa is clearly having incredible momentum, and it's a compelling value proposition to integrate a new consumer electronic device with Amazon's Alexa ecosystem," said Johnny Won, founder of Hyperstop, a tech consulting firm. "But," he added, "with the way voice activation works, this race is far from over." Published on: Jan 5, 2017 Advertisement
Computerworld Mac’s share falls to five-year low News Technology News Business Cloud Computing Data Centre Gaming Dev Government Infrastructure Mobility Networking Open Source Security Servers Social Networking Software Software Development Storage Tech Planet Telecoms Tutorials Unified Comms Virtualisation Tools Blogs Editorial Contacts Events IT Media Releases Join Computerworld Newsletters NBN RSS Slideshows Vendor View Videos Zones Jobs Whitepapers All Whitepapers Business + Management Cloud Computing CRM Data Centre Data Management Disaster Recovery Network Security Storage Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Wireless Other Whitepapers Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. Twitter Facebook Mac’s share falls to five-year low Sales slowdown catches up with the Mac, which cedes share to Windows and Linux Gregg Keizer (Computerworld (US)) 06 January, 2017 07:48 - - - - print email Comments Apple's Mac share of personal computers worldwide fell to a five-year low in December, mimicking the company's own numbers that have portrayed a four-quarter sales slowdown. According to web analytics vendor Net Applications, Apple's desktop and notebook operating system -- formerly OS X, now macOS -- powered just 6.1% of all personal computers last month, down from 7% a year ago and a peak of 9.6% as recently as April 2016. Net Applications measures operating system user share -- an estimate of the proportion of all personal computer owners who run a device powered by a specific OS -- by counting systems whose browsers reach websites of its clients. The Mac's 6.1% user share in December was the lowest mark recorded by Net Applications since August 2011, more than five years ago. Although the Mac number fluctuates month to month -- as do all estimates from the metrics firm -- its general trend has been up for two-thirds of a decade: In 2009, for example, the Mac accounted for only about 5% of all personal computers. User share does not equal sales -- the former resembles the installed base more than anything -- but Apple's own data fits the view of a shrinking Mac. In October, the company reported sales of 4.9 million Macs for the September quarter, a 14% year-over-year decline and the fourth straight quarterly downturn. Apple's sales slide during the past 12 months has been steeper than for the personal computer industry as a whole, according to industry researchers from IDC and Gartner, a 180-degree shift from the prior 30 or so quarters, when the Mac's growth rate repeatedly beat the business average. The long string of successes selling Macs -- fueled by Microsoft's stumbles with Windows 8 and a race-to-the-bottom mentality among rival OEMs (original equipment manufacturers) -- resulted in Apple's computers gaining user share. But the converse has been true more recently, meaning that as sales of Macs fell faster than of Windows PCs, Cupertino's share shrunk as well. As that slippage took hold, two rivals -- Goliath Windows and David Linux -- both benefited with increases of around a half percentage point during 2016. Linux, the open-source operating system whose users are even more passionate when defending their choice, climbed out of the under-2% cellar last year. Net Applications pegged Linux's user share at 2.2% in December, slightly off the 2.3% peak of November. Linux first cracked the 2% barrier in June. Computerworld (Data: Net Applications) The Mac’s global user share peaked at 9.6% in April, but has slid since then as sales fell faster than the industry average. The Continuum from Building to Buying your infrastructure More from Dell EMC Join the Computerworld newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags Daily BriefingApple More about AppleGartnerLinuxMacsMicrosoft Editor's Recommendations Telstra to guarantee connectivity over key subsea cable routes Optus rolls out small cells in WA 'Antiquated' IT behind MP expenses reporting to be overhauled, says Turnbull Tourism Australia recruits Microsoft veteran for CIO role Open data demands a double-edged sword for fintechs, ANZ says Australian Medical Association appoints new group CIO Related Whitepapers The Smarter, Faster Way to Move to Windows 10. Why Cloud Computing is the Future Take Ctrl: Migrate to Windows 10 with Microsoft’s Largest Australian Partner. Cyber Ransom Survival Guide: The Growing Threat of Ransomware and RDoS – and What to Do About It Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Southern Cross deploys SDN to serve Pacific Islands Telstra to guarantee connectivity over key subsea cable routes ​Protecting your organisation with cyber-insurance alone is not enough CSO Online In pictures: Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education: Preparing Youth for ... In pictures: Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education: Preparing Youth for ... Atlassian acquires team-management software vendor Trello Market Place 6 cities | 20 exhibitors | International & local keynotes | Hear from Mark Loveless 'Simple Nomad' & Jeff Lanza Former FBI - Save your seat at CSO Perspectives Roadshow Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! Editorial Contacts Advertising Information Privacy Policy RSS Newsletters Events Whitepapers News Zones IT Media Releases Slideshows Videos Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World | GoodGearGuide | CIO | CMO | CSO | Techworld | ARN | CIO Executive Council
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE How to Save Your SHSH2 Blobs Using Tsschecker (Windows) How to Save Your SHSH2 Blobs Using Tsschecker (Mac) Peter Thiel Confirms 'The Age of Apple is Over' Busy Shapes is Apple's Free App of the Week [Download] Twelve South Unveils New RelaxedLeather Shell Case for the iPhone 7 iPhone 8 to Feature IP68 Water Resistance? KORG Gadget for iOS Makes Its Way to Mac Apple Posts Four New 'iPhone 7 + AirPods' Ads [Video] Safari Users Can't Watch Newly Posted YouTube Videos in 4K Download the Pocket Anatomy App for Free [Deal] Apple Posts New Ad for the Apple Watch Series 2 [Video] Consumer Reports Now Recommends New MacBook Pro Following Retest With Updated Version of MacOS [Video] Ecobee Remote Sensors Can Now Be Used as HomeKit Temperature and Occupancy Sensors Opera Releases New 'Neon' Concept Browser for Mac [Download] Google Announces Updated Ride Services Experience for Google Maps [Video] Apple is Now Accepting tvOS Binaries Up to 4GB in Size Foxconn and Sharp Consider Building LCD Plant in the U.S. Snapchat Gets Universal Search Apple Seeds iOS 10.2.1 Beta 4 to Developers [Download] Apple Seeds macOS Sierra 10.12.3 Beta 4 to Developers [Download] Check Out This Vintage Macintosh Charging Stand for the Apple Watch LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted January 5, 2017 at 8:46pm by iClarified · 10289 views · Translate The Elago W3 is a vintage Macintosh charging stand for the Apple Watch. Been an Apple fan for a long time? This stand is the perfect beside companion for you! After installing the charger into the designated area, simply slide your Apple Watch into place and view it as a monitor! FEATURES: ● VINTAGE DESIGN: View your Apple Watch display through a blast from the past. The display lines up perfectly to seem as though it is the display of an old Apple monitor. ● EASY TO USE: Simply place your Apple Watch on the stand to charge your watch; keep this stand near your bed to allow use of key functions such as alarm clocks and messages. ● MATERIAL: The elago W3 is made from scratch-free silicone to prevent damage to your Apple Watch and to prevent it from moving around when resting on a surface. ● COMPATIBILITY: Works with all Apple Watch Series and is compatible with Apple Watch Nightstand Mode (WatchOS 2 or Latest Version) ● DISCLAIMER: Charging Cable and Apple Watch are NOT INCLUDED. You can purchase the charging stand for $13.99 from Amazon. Read More [via MacRumors] Follow iClarified Comments (3) Add Comment D4xM4Nx - January 6, 2017 at 6:07am Awesome!! Seriously catering to all Apple geeks if old enough. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Mattt - January 6, 2017 at 2:27am Damn, apple watch AND the charger aren't included in the $13 price??? Reply · Like · Mark as Spam drigo marki - January 6, 2017 at 2:08am Great idea and design! Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
Navigation Menu Social Media News Social Media News Social Media Help Facebook Help Twitter Help Google+ Help LinkedIn Help Instagram Help Pinterest Help Youtube Help Technology Technology News Tech Tips Apps & Software Gadgets Tablets Apple Kindle Samsung Internet Search Engine News Web Bing Google Yahoo Business Advertising Blogging Development Start Ups Mobile Android Blackberry iPhone Reviews Windows Phone Infographics Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Subscribe To Rss Feed Follow Us On Google+ Home » Apple Music and Spotify overtake YouTube in music streaming Apple Music and Spotify overtake YouTube in music streaming Home » Youtube Help » Apple Music and Spotify overtake YouTube in music streaming Posted By Ola Ric on Jan 5, 2017 | 0 comments Share the joy                 Credit: https://techcrunch.com/2016/07/05/audio-maimed-the-video-star/ In a dramatic market twist, more people made the switch from YouTube to Spotify and Apple Music in in 2016 in terms of paying for music streams in the US. This piece of information came from none other than BuzzAngle in its latest data released on Wednesday. “We at BuzzAngle Music are proud to release our first-ever yearly report, on 2016 U.S. music consumption. 2016 was another successful year in music, with overall consumption rising 4.2% over 2015, marking the second year in a row with solid growth,” the opening statement on the BuzzAngle website said. BuzzAngle, a trusted market monitor, showed in its 2016 report that digital video music streams grew by just 7.5% in the year that just ended. This is in contrast to audio on-demand services, which witnessed an upsurge in streams on both Spotify and Apple Music, which grew by 82 percent from 137.29 billion in 2015 to 250.73 billion in 2016, reports Music Business Worldwide. Credit: http://www.digitalmusicnews.com/2017/01/04/youtube-apple-music-spotify-digital-music/ The stats show that audio on-demand services have overtaken digital video; though the latter witnessed a growth of 7.6 percent in 2016. The 2016 Year-End Report revealed some interesting facts that point us to the future of audio on-demand services. In the US alone, overall music streams experienced 82.6% to total 250 billion growths. Compared to Spotify and Apple Music’s growth of 82.6 percent, YouTube only experienced a low 7.5 percent growth in total digital video streams. While the report says a lot about YouTube’s dwindling fortune in terms of dominating the video streaming market, it doesn’t indicate the end of the Google-owned video website. However, it does signal a big shift in terms of what consumers want to enjoy as the video streaming business continue to expand. Despite its many challenges [including massive competition from Facebook, Snapchat, Spotify, and Apple Music], YouTube still holds a lot of attractions to musicians who continue to upload their music videos for the world to see. Credit: http://www.digitalmusicnews.com/2017/01/04/youtube-apple-music-spotify-digital-music/ Spotify, Pandora and Apple Music have definitely come to stay; but their growth won’t mark the gradual decline not will it mark the end of YouTube. As a matter of fact, YouTube has the capacity, and all it takes is for the Google-owned website to make a couple of changes and give the likes of Apple Music and Spotify a run for their money. Regardless of its dwindling fortune, YouTube still holds a lot of appeal to people out there. The video streaming website for example, still offers affordable services, skippable ads, and ease of use even for a novice. It’s very easy to find your way around YouTube if you are visiting the website for the first time; it’s features are so easy to navigate even for a greenhorn. On a brighter note, it shows Google’s dominance is being challenged by a group of new players who are here to stay. It’s no longer Google’s call when it comes to music streaming; and this sounds like good music in the ears of musicians and content owners. Share the joy                 Share this: Reddit Email Facebook Skype Twitter Tumblr Google LinkedIn More Pinterest Author: Ola Ric Ola Ric is a professional tech writer. He has written and provided tons of published articles for professionals and private individuals. He is also a social commentator and analyst, with relevant experience in the use of social media services. Share This Post On Google Facebook Twitter Search SocialBarrel.com Search for: Subscribe! Tools & Resources Create your online store with WixStores! Our Sponsor : Recent From Social Media News WhatsApp Denies Backdoor Claim Jan 14, 2017 Facebook sued by Syrian migrant over fake news Jan 14, 2017 YouTube Super Chat – Helping Creators Make Money Jan 13, 2017 Facebook adds a cool new way to go Live from a desktop Jan 12, 2017 Facebook Journalism Project Aims To Promote News Literacy Jan 11, 2017 Home About us Our Team Privacy Contact Write for us Advertise With Us! A Venture Geeks project Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Trending Topics Writers Podcasts Events more Trending Topics Commerce Drones Enterprise Media Mobile Reviews Social Transportation Voices Writers Kara Swisher Dan Frommer Peter Kafka Edmund Lee Walt Mossberg Johana Bhuiyan Jason Del Rey Ina Fried April Glaser Eric Johnson Tess Townsend Kurt Wagner Podcasts Events ✕ Apple App Store Apple is happy to have a business that’s growing: The App Store The company saw record revenue on New Year’s Day — which is good, since services is the only part of the company’s business that’s growing. by Ina Fried@inafried Jan 5, 2017, 3:43pm EST tweet share Linkedin Photo by Roberto Machado Noa/LightRocket via Getty Images The fact that Apple’s App Store did record-breaking business over the holidays is hardly a shocker. Lots of people get new phones and tablets for Christmas, so it stands to reason they’d load them up right away. But analysts say that even with that expectation, Apple’s record $240 million in App Store purchases on New Year’s Day is noteworthy. Apple’s services business, a big chunk of which comes from iTunes and the App Store, today represents 13 percent of Apple’s revenue and is the only major segment of the company’s business that grew last quarter. For the year, Apple said it paid out $20 billion to developers, up more than 40 percent from 2015. And if it paid out that much, it’s fair to say its own take was also up significantly. (Apple typically gets 30 percent of the revenue generated by app sales, but it can vary for subscriptions and other types of sales.) Analyst Gene Munster, who is particularly bullish on Apple’s opportunity in services, says he thinks that segment could become 30 percent of Apple’s business in five years’ time. Of course, there are two ways that Apple’s services business could grow to become a bigger part of Apple’s business, only one of which is actually good news. If hardware sales grow and the services business grows even faster, that’s obviously great for Apple. The other way, which isn’t so hot for Apple, is if services only make up a larger percentage of Apple’s revenue because hardware sales continue to stagnate. For his part, Munster said he’s betting Apple’s hardware-related revenue will be flat or up slightly over the next five years, with services revenue continuing its rapid growth. “The 2016 App Store numbers and the New Year’s Day App Store sales underscore how quickly Apple is becoming a services business,” said Munster, who just left his longtime gig at Piper Jaffray to form his own investment firm, Loup Ventures. “We believe our previous expectation of 15 percent year-over-year services revenue growth in 2017 is conservative. The actual number may be closer to 20 percent.” Even if Munster is right, Apple’s services business still pales in comparison to the iPhone. Investors are probably more concerned about whether Apple has a plan to boost phone sales or enter some big new category than they are about another great year for the App Store. Subscribe to Recode Newsletters Recode Daily (Top News) Events Products Go recode_divider More From Recode SpaceX nailed its first launch since last year’s big explosion Note to Tesla owners: Don’t forget your car keys Balaji Srinivasan, who may run the FDA for Trump, hates the FDA. But Silicon Valley likes Srinivasan. Flashback: New Snap chair Michael Lynton on Evan Spiegel and his ambitions Robots want half of your jobs Carnegie Mellon-led non profit received $250 million to create a new robotics institute Trending Note to Tesla owners: Don’t forget your car keys Balaji Srinivasan, who may run the FDA for Trump, hates the FDA. But Silicon Valley likes Srinivasan. These paper-airplane drones may one day save your life More Trending This Article has a component height of 10. The sidebar size is medium. The Latest SpaceX Transportation Elon Musk SpaceX nailed its first launch since last year’s big explosion by Johana Bhuiyan@JMBooyah Elon Musk’s rocket company launched ten of Iridium’s satellites on Saturday morning. Tesla Transportation Note to Tesla owners: Don’t forget your car keys by Johana Bhuiyan@JMBooyah A Tesla owner found the limits of smartphone keyless entry the annoying way. Balaji Srinivasan, who may run the FDA for Trump, hates the FDA. But Silicon Valley likes Srinivasan. by Peter Kafka Just ask Twitter. Snapchat Social Flashback: New Snap chair Michael Lynton on Evan Spiegel and his ambitions by Peter Kafka From February 2016: “I just don’t think people recognize how difficult it is to pull off what they’ve pulled off. “ Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Masthead Sponsorships Podcasts Newsletters All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Skip to main content area Sign up for our daily newsletter Newsletter Close Sign me up Toggle menus Toggle search Main menu Security Mobile Server Networking Cloud Strategy Public Sector Storage More Desktop Hardware Desktop Software Laptops Alphr Cloud Pro Channel Pro Search Search Sections News Reviews In-depth App Business travel Innovation at Work Leadership Whitepapers You are here: Home Public Sector In-depth Bett 2017 show preview - what should you definitely see? Bett 2017 show preview - what should you definitely see? Share twitter linkedin facebook google+ email Thomas McMullan In-depth 5 Jan, 2017 Here's our pick of the most intriguing talks at Bett 2017 Bett 2017, or the British Educational Training and Technology show if you're not a fan of acronyms, is one of the biggest events in the technology/education calendar. If you've got any stake in the overlap between these two industries, you'll likely be making your way to the ExCeL Centre in London from 25-28 January, when the event runs. There's a lot to see at Bett, with speakers and seminars straddling everything from education policy to gender equality. Here we bring you our pick of the biggest and most intriguing talks from the lineup. Note that these times are subject to change. Wednesday 25 January Abdul Chohan - Keynote Bett Arena 10.40-11.15 The opening keynote will see Abdul Chohan, director of development at Essa Academy, talk about the school's use of Apple technology in the classroom. Apple has placed a great deal of focus on its education apps, so it'll be interesting to get an educator's perspective on the matter. Does Apple's approach signal a transformation in learning, or does it clash with outdated pedagogical systems? Texting Parents to Raise Attainment Learn Live: Secondary 13.30-14.00 Last July the results of an EEF research project suggested that texting parents about tests and homework has the potential to improve student exam results. In an age of constant connectivity, it raises interesting questions about the extent of teacher/parent communication. Raj Chande, a senior advisor at the Behavioural Insights Team (BIT), will discuss the study in detail. Ministerial address Bett Arena TBC Secretary of state for education, Justine Greening, will join director general of the British Educational Suppliers Association (BESA), Caroline Wright, in Bett 2017's ministerial address. This should set the political agenda of the event, so it will be more than worth seeing. (Above: Justine Greening, Credit: Commons) The best apps to use with the equipment your school probably already has Bett Futures (Primary) 14.45-15.15 (Secondary) 15.25-15.55 Talking up the use of educational tech is all well and good if you have a vast budget and several cupboards of iPads, but what if you don't have these resources? This pair of panel sessions looks at how primary and secondary schools can make the most our already-existing tech investments. A number of experts will explain how educators can best use phones and laptops to encourage student collaboration, communicate with parents and save on admin. Answering Creativity's call for STEAM talent Bett Arena 16.05-16.50 You might have already heard of STEM (science, technology, engineering and mathematics). STEAM is all of that with art thrown in - cue a lot of pictures of old trains, with a subtitle about how creativity fuels innovation. Beyond buzzwords, however, there are important questions about how creative industries have changed in our digital world. This panel will look at how STEAM presents a crucial opportunity to redress gender and diversity gaps within certain careers. Exploring the impact of local cultures on how technology is used in education Bett Futures 16.45-17.30 Ali Shameem, director of educational technology at King's Academy in Jordan, will join co-founders of the Edtech World Tour - Svenia Busson and Audrey Jarre - to discuss how cultural factors can influence attitudes towards educational technology. If you're aiming to widen your understanding of edtech outside of the UK, this could be a valuable session to head along to. Thursday 26 January Inspecting and Keeping Children Safe Online Learn Live: Primary 10.30-11.00 John Nixon, Ofsted national ICT lead, and David Wright, director of the UK Safer Internet Centre, will talk in detail about how Ofsted inspects the ways schools keep children safe online. Given the recent revisions to the government's "Keeping Children Safe in Education" guidance, this looks to be a useful session for educators working with young students. F1 in Schools Bett Arena 12.00-12.45 Sky's David Croft will talk to educators and ex-racers about the F1 in Schools programme, and how it has brought action-based learning into the classroom. (Williams F1 car, Credit: Bigstock) Never Mind The Politics? Invigorating Stories Coming from the Classroom Bett Arena 13.30-14.15 Educationalist Stephen Heppell will come bearing stories of transformational projects that are making an impact in today's educational landscape. If you're feeling weighed down by the current state of educational politics, this looks to be a fine session for reinvigorating grassroots enthusiasm. Lightneer: Towards the Future of Games Learning Bett Arena 16.25-17.00 Lightneer is a studio dedicated to educational games, and this session will see its team argue the importance of "fun learning". When it comes to providing fun experiences, should educational games measure themselves up against the general games industry? Brexit, 6 months later: Effects on the international edtech startup scene Bett Futures 17.05-17.35 No post-Brexit tech event would be complete without a session on what our impending exit from the EU means for the industry. Here, a panel of experts will discuss what impact last year's referendum vote has so far had on edtech startups, and what this could mean for the future of teaching. Pages 1 2 next › last » Read more about Public Sector BETT education View the discussion thread. Get the ITPro Newsletter Get FREE weekly newsletters from ITPro - delivering the latest news, reviews, insight and case studies. Click here Featured Whitepapers Latest in Public sector Bett 2017 speaker profile: Sir Ken Robinson News Cybersecurity inquiry launched to investigate range of threats facing UK News NHS IT director and tech vendor jailed for corrupt contracts News C-Learning wants to connect classrooms with the power of the cloud Sponsored Getech Education: Meet the company connecting classrooms to Google Apps Sponsored See all Popular 15in MacBook Pro vs Dell XPS 15 head-to-head review Laptops Android Nougat release date, name and features: Android 7.0 now available for Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge Android Does blockchain have a place in business? Strategy Which is the best browser?: Chrome vs Firefox vs Internet Explorer Web Browsers NHS IT director and tech vendor jailed for corrupt contracts Public Sector Contact us Dennis Publishing Editorial Offices 30 Cleveland Street London, W1T 4JD T: +44 (0)20 7907 6000 Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Useful links Security Mobile Server Networking Cloud Strategy Public Sector Storage More Contact us About us Company Website Feeds Privacy Notice Authors Sitemap Our Websites Auto Express Evo Coach Micro Mart Alphr Know Your Mobile Classic & Performance Car Expert Reviews Channel Pro Digital SLR Photography Den of Geek The Week Computer Shopper Magazines Health & Fitness CarBuyer Cloud Pro MagBooks Cyclist TablePouncer © Copyright Dennis Publishing Limited. Under licence from Felix Dennis. Jobs Media Information Subscription Enquires Books Apps Your Online Choices
Time.com MY ACCOUNT SIGN IN SIGN OUT SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Motto Entertainment Science Newsfeed Living Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Ideas Parents TIME Labs Money LIFE The Daily Cut Photography Videos TIME Shop Press Room The 100 Most Influential People Next Generation Leaders American Voices The Ensemble Effect Finding Home Person of the Year 2016 Top of the World Subscribe Newsletters Feedback Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Ad Choices RSS TIME Apps TIME for Kids Advertising Reprints and Permissions Site Map Help Customer Service © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Tech MY ACCOUNT SIGN IN SIGN OUT SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE MORE U.S. Edition U.S. Edition Europe, Middle East and Africa Edition Asia Edition South Pacific Edition Former Pro Wrestler Jimmy ‘Superfly’ Snuka Dies at Age 73 Racial Discrimination Still Exists With With Ride-Sharing Apps Nintendo America Boss: Switch Online Platform Will Have ‘Nintendo Flair’ Watch Alec Baldwin Mock Donald Trump’s Latest Press Conference on Saturday Night Live 10 Books to Put On Your Reading List This Month Tips to Teach Kindness to Your Kids, According to Doctors Here’s Why Game of Thrones Has Not Yet Been Renewed for Season 8 Nicole Kidman Clarifies Her Comments About Donald Trump: ‘I Believe in Democracy’ SpaceX Launches First Rocket Since Explosion Jennifer Holliday Pulls Out of Donald Trump Inauguration Performance TIME Tech Amazon Is Already Winning the Next Big Arms Race in Tech Lisa Eadicicco @lisaeadicicco Jan. 5, 2017 SHARE With its Alexa virtual assistant + READ ARTICLE Companies like Apple, Google, Samsung, and Microsoft have all vied for control over the phones we carry in our pockets, the computers at our desks, and even the watches on our wrists. But over the past year a new arms race has emerged in Silicon Valley: competing to develop the most sophisticated virtual assistant. And Amazon is winning. The most convincing evidence of the Seattle-based giant’s advantage? Alexa, Amazon’s voice assistant, is dominating this year’s CES. That’s the annual Las Vegas tech confab where gadget makers, auto manufacturers, and app developers gather to flaunt their latest and, they hope, greatest. Although Amazon didn’t officially attend the conference, Alexa showed up in car infotainment systems, new smartphones, robots, lamps, and even laundry machines. Ford, Whirlpool, Lenovo, GE, and Dish are a few of the brands announcing plans to add Amazon’s voice-activated helper to their hardware. That will make it possible to interact with those devices by saying something like, “Alexa, how much time is left on my wash cycle?” rather than sprinting downstairs to the laundry room. With Alexa, Amazon is building an invisible operating system for running a broad range of aspects of daily life. After years of promise—and considerable failure—voice-recognition technology has finally matured. “You don’t have to pull your phone out or have it relatively close by, that actually makes a difference,” says Alan Black, a professor at the Language Institute in Carnegie Mellon’ School of Computer Science. “Because it’s in the environment, it changes the way you interact with it. People will expect that it will just be there.” Much of Alexa’s coming ubiquity can be traced back the Amazon Echo, the $179.99 Internet-connected, Alexa-powered speaker that answers questions and runs apps. The Echo became a surprise hit with consumers — Amazon is estimated to have sold 5.1 million Echo devices since it launched the gadget in 2014, according to data from Consumer Intelligence Research Partners. (Amazon does not reveal sales figures). Amazon also launched a smaller, more affordable Echo called the Echo Dot and a portable variant called the Amazon Tap last year. Other tech tech firms have taken notice. Google released late last year a similar device equipped with its own virtual aide called the Google Home, while Apple updated Siri to work with other apps and services in September. (Users can now, for example, say things like, “Siri, show me photos of bridesmaid dresses on Pinterest.”). Apple is also said to be working on its own Echo-like device, while Microsoft recently announced plans to brings its Cortana voice agent to Harman Kardon speakers. Samsung in late 2016 agreed to acquired Viv Labs, a startup founded by Siri’s original creator that is now developing an advanced personal assistant expected to debut on the next Galaxy smartphone. This trend will only continue: Research firm Gartner predicts that by 2019, 20 percent of all smartphone interactions will take place through personal assistants, and by 2020 most gadgets will be designed to work with “zero or minimal touch.” Amazon is contending with tech companies that have historically done better with consumers when it comes to gadgets and software. Apple is the second largest smartphone maker in the world, according to research firm IDC, while Google’s Android operating system powers 88% of smartphones across the globe, according to a report from Strategy Analytics. Amazon attempted to enter the smartphone arena in 2014 with the Fire Phone, but the device was shortly discontinued after poor reviews. (Amazon, of course, has been selling Kindle e-readers for nearly 10 years and Kindle Fire tablets since 2011.) Experts now believe Alexa gives Amazon an edge, as the Echo came to market earlier than Google Home and other rival devices. Another advantage: Amazon isn’t partial to any particular platform the way Google may be with Android or Apple with iOS, allowing Alexa to offer the same experience with little influence based on the other devices a user may own. “They’re Switzerland,” says Patrick Moorhead, president and principal analyst at Moor Insights & Strategy. “They cross all of these different ecosystems.” Technologies upon which virtual aides rely, like speech recognition and deep neural networks, have improved dramatically over the last several years. That has translated into big improvements in software like Alexa and Siri, according to Carnegie Mellon’s Black. But they still lack a thorough understanding of speech, which Black expects to be the next area of focus for companies like Amazon. “There’s almost no dialogue, no long term interaction,” he says. “That’s still an open question.” At the moment, it’s also a question nearly everybody in the technology industry is racing to answer. Read Next Your browser is out of date. Please update your browser at http://update.microsoft.com Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Science Entertainment Newsfeed Living Ideas Parents Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Subscribe Give a Gift TIME Shop Press Room Newsletters Customer Service Site Map Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Advertising Ad Choices Careers All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. TIME may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP YOU BROKE TIME.COM! Dear TIME Reader, As a regular visitor to TIME.com, we are sure you enjoy all the great journalism created by our editors and reporters. Great journalism has great value, and it costs money to make it. One of the main ways we cover our costs is through advertising. The use of software that blocks ads limits our ability to provide you with the journalism you enjoy. Consider turning your Ad Blocker off so that we can continue to provide the world class journalism you have become accustomed to. The TIME Team
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Apple Pulls ‘The New York Times’ From Its App Store In China – NPR Posted on January 5, 2017 by NPR Citing local regulations, Apple has removed The New York Times news app from its app store in China. The incident is the latest in the long history of media restrictions in the country, but also in the ongoing pattern of tech companies getting involved … Apple’s Not a Services Company YetBloomberg Apple’s record breaking App Store news is about more than moneyComputerworld Apple’s App Store just had the most successful month of sales everThe Verge AppleInsider (press release) (blog) -Motley Fool -Wall Street Journal -BBC News all 159 news articles …read more wrote 24922 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News Iridium’s NEXT Generation Celebrates Launch of First 10 Satellites – SatNews Publishers Samsung Reportedly Just Revealed Why Its Note 7s Kept Catching Fire – Fortune ANALYSIS-China, Europe drive shift to electric cars as U.S. lags – Nasdaq Key Samsung shares steady, market awaits South Korea prosecution decision on leader – Business Insider After Government Threatens Fines, Facebook Will Test Out Fake News Filtering in Germany – Gizmodo Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
Skip to content Fone Arena The Mobile Blog Menu Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Apple’s App Store shatters record on New Year day with $240 million in purchases In a recent announcement, the Cupertino giant Apple revealed that the company has generated revenue of more than $20 billion for developers in 2016. Since 2008, developers have earned over $60 billion, creating apps across iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch, Apple TV and Mac. The company said the App store generated record sales on New year ( 1 Jan 2017) with nearly $240 million in purchases. As per the company claims, Super Mario Run alone generated 40 million downloads in its first four days and the subscription billings for app including Netflix and Tinder increased 74% last year to $2.7 billion from 2015. Apart from this, Prisma, Reigns, Procreate, Lumino City, Sweat With Kayla and djay Pro, from some of Apple’s independent developers, were among the most successful apps. Further, the App Store offers 2.2 million apps in total, which is up over 20 percent from last year. Moreover, the main contribution for the App Store comes from US, China, Japan and the UK. Philip Schiller, Apple’s senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. said: 2016 was a record-shattering year for the App Store, generating $20 billion for developers, and 2017 is off to a great start with Jan. 1 as the single biggest day ever on the App Store. We want to thank our entire developer community for the many innovative apps they have created — which together with our products — help to truly enrich people’s lives. "Apple's App Store shatters record on New Year day with $240 million in purchases", 5 out of 5 based on 5 ratings. Author Vigneshwar SRPosted on January 6, 2017Categories Apple, News Post navigation Previous Previous post: Google Assistant coming to Android TV and Android Wear soon Next Next post: Xiaomi Mi TV 4 with 4.9mm slim frameless design, Dolby Atmos announced Trending Phones OnePlus 3 Xiaomi Mi Max Gionee S6 Pro Le 2 Pro Le 2 Le Max 2 Mobile Phones Nokia Sony Ericsson Samsung Motorola i-Mate Dopod HTC LG 02 BlackBerry Sagem Haier palmOne HP Spice Fly Apple Latest Phones Lenovo Phab 2 Lenovo Phab 2 Plus Lenovo Phab 2 Pro Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto Z Force Reliance Lyf Wind 5 Featured Video Subscribe to FA on YouTube Recent Posts Motorola MWC 2017 announcement scheduled for February 26, Moto G5 and G5 Plus expected Microsoft acquires deep learning startup Maluuba Andy Rubin reportedly working on high-end smartphone with bezel-less display Weekly Round up – HTC U Ultra, HTC U Play, Lenovo P2, Huawei P8 Lite and more Nokia 8 surfaces , Samsung Galaxy S7 / S7 edge gets Android Nougat and more – FoneArena Daily Lenovo P2 Review ACT Fibernet enterprise plans in Bengaluru revised again, 250Mbps plan now has 2TB FUP Samsung Galaxy S8 prototype surfaces, dual camera said to be exclusive for Galaxy S8 Plus Wileyfox Swift 2X with 5.2-inch 1080p display, 3GB RAM, fingerprint sensor announced Swipe Konnect Grand with 5-inch display, 1GB RAM, Android 6.0 launched for Rs. 2799 CategoriesCategories Select Category 2 in 1 3G 4G Accessories Acer Aircel Airtel Alcatel Amazon Android Announcements AOC Apple apps Articles askFA AskFoneArena Asus AT&T Bada Battery test Benchmarks Bharti Blackberry BlackBerry World Blogging Bluetooth Brands BSNL BT Byond Camera Samples Canada Cases CDMA CeBIT Celkon CES CES 2013 CES 2014 CES 2015 CES 2016 CES 2017 Chaze Cheers China china Computex 2014 Computex 2015 Computex 2016 Contributors Coolpad CREO CTIA Datawind Dell Development development Digiflip Pro Domo Dual SIM EE Elephone eReaders EV-DO Events Exclusive Facebook Featured Firefox Fitness Trackers Fly FoneArena Daily FoneArena Labs G Five Games G’FIVE General Gifts Gionee Google GPRS GPS GSM Guides Handsets Headlines HP HTC Huawei Hutch iBall iberry IDEA IFA India Infocus INQ Instagram Photo Contest Intek Intel Interviews Intex IoT iPad iPhone itel Japan Japan Java / J2ME Jio Jolla Karbonn Lava LeEco Lemon Lenovo LeTV LG Linux Luxury Maemo Magicon Manufacturers Maxx MeeGo Meizu Memory Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTNL MTS Multimedia MWC MWC 2010 MWC 2011 MWC 2012 MWC 2013 MWC 2014 MWC 2015 MWC 2016 MWC 2017 News Nexian Nextbit NFC Nokia Nokia World 2009 Nokia World 2010 Nokia World 2011 Nokia-Siemens O2 Obi OnePlus Operators Oplus Oppo Palm Palm Panasonic Phicomm Philips Photo Gallery Platforms poll Press Releases Previews Qiku Qualcomm Reliance Reliance Reports Reviews Roundup Rumors Sailfish Samsung Sections SEE2009 Sennheiser Simmtronics Singapore Smartisan Smartron Smartwatches SMS Software Sony Sony Ericsson Spice Spice Sprint Swipe Symbian T-Mobile Tablets Tata Docomo Tata Indicom TCL Teardown Technology Tesla Three Tips Tizen TP-LINK Ubuntu uk Ulefone UMi Unboxings Uncategorized Uninor USA VAS Verizon Video Videocon Videocon Vivo Vodafone VR Wallets WickedLeak Wifi Win a Nokia E7 Windows Xiaomi Xolo YU Zen Zopo ZTE ZUK FA on Facebook Youtube Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Fone Arena 2005-2016
TechRepublic Search GO CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation More Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out TechRepublic Search GO Topics: CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out Innovation Apple and Atari engineers recall their childhood holiday tech gifts Steve Wozniak, Atari's Al Alcorn, Gartner Chief Research Officer Peter Sondergaard, and this story's writer recall life-changing technology presents they received for the holidays. By Evan Koblentz | January 5, 2017, 10:49 AM PST RSS Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus The author with an Atari VCS in 1979 Image: Evan Koblentz If a technology-themed holiday gift ever changed your life, then you're in good company. Apple founder Steve Wozniak, Atari Pong/2600 console designer Al Alcorn, and Gartner Chief Research Officer Peter Sondergaard shared memories of the best holiday gifts they ever received. Apple's Steve Wozniak Woz designed the legendary Apple 1 after hours from his daytime job at Hewlett-Packard where he worked in the calculator division. "When I was about 8 years old I got a six-transistor radio that was probably the gadget of my life. I slept with it, listening to music and far-away stations, for years," he said. "When I was about 10 years old I got a ham radio transmitter kit and a receiver kit. These were big projects to build and I had to learn a lot." What's Hot at TechRepublic Top 10 hottest IT jobs for 2017 Windows 10: Ten missing and highly anticipated features due in 2017 Raspberry Pi in 2017: New boards, new OSes and more Inside Amazon's clickworker platform: How half a million people are being paid pennies to train AI Such gifts set Wozniak on the path to writing software, making his own blue boxes, and ultimately conjuring early Apple computers first sold in 1976. Recent sales of remaining Apple 1 computers approached $1 million as exclusive collectibles. But in 1976-1977 the company only sold about 175 units total. This was noteworthy in the nascent personal computer business, yet statistically insignificant compared to hot tech gifts such as home Pong consoles. (There remain two bits of Apple 1 folklore that need correcting in the public consciousness. First is the idea that Wozniak hand-built all 200 Apple 1 computers. He and Steve Jobs outsourced board assembly to multiple manufacturing companies. Activity at the Jobs household was limited to final assembly, sales, and testing before delivering the finished products. Wozniak stopped by when there were problems, but he devoted spare time to developing the Apple II in his HP cubicle, not hanging around the garage. Second is the notion that Wozniak was a socially clueless engineer who needed Jobs to show him the future impact and opportunity of personal microcomputing. Woz already knew this, as did many other engineers in the mid-1970s. Jobs' role was not to make Wozniak understand, but to make him care enough to leave his solid job at HP and start their own company.) SEE: Apple's first employee: The remarkable odyssey of Bill Fernandez (TechRepublic) There were several other computers that a tech hobbyist could purchase in 1976. Some were in the Apple 1 price range, but most of these defaulted to hexadecimal keypads for input and primitive LED displays for output. There were also some that offered standard keyboards and video displays, but these cost many thousands of dollars instead of a few hundred. What made the Apple 1 unique was its hobbyist-centric price and business-class packaging. Woz still loves gadgets; he said his recent technology gifts include include smartwatches, iPhone accessories, and electric cars. A seismic change happened in 1977: Wozniak's own Apple II, the Commodore PET 2001, and the Radio Shack TRS-80 Model 1 all made the Apple 1 and its immediate peers fairly obsolete. Ordinary consumers could buy a fully preassembled computer, take it home, plug it in, and it just worked. (Neither the Apple 1 nor its 1977 cousins were the "first" computers, but their importance today is unquestioned.) Yet none of these computers came close to being the hottest tech gifts of December 1977. Video game consoles were far more accessible to most people. The Coleco Telstar, Fairchild Model F, Magnavox Odyssey, and RCA Studio II all debuted in 1976. Atari's Video Computer System (later called the Atari 2600) in 1977 was the eventual smash hit. Atari's Al Alcorn "My favorite gift was a full size Gilbert chemistry set when I was about seven years old," Alcorn told us. "You could have a lot of fun with it, and you could hurt yourself if you weren't careful. It led to an interest in science." Gartner's Peter Sondergaard Such products led myriad children of the 1970s and 1980s into their own technology careers. Gartner's Sondergaard is one example and shared his story: "This is a tale of Christmas past and present. In 1982 I got a Commodore 64, which narrowly beat the [Applied Technologies] Microbee that I received a couple of months earlier. The Commodore started a 34-year love affair with technology and what it makes possible. That has resulted in this year's pre-holiday gift, the HTC Vive virtual reality system. It was a birthday gift to my youngest son. But clearly with an ulterior motive — I get to use it." SEE: Cracking open the Commodore 64 (TechRepublic) Evan Koblentz This article's author is himself a product of the video-computer generation, having received an Atari VCS for Chanukah in 1979 and an Apple //e as a 1980s bar mitzvah present. The moral, perhaps, is to think twice before chastising your children for spending their free time listening to music or doing homemade science experiments. They just may grow up to change the world for a future generation, or at least to write about it. Don't miss our must-see articles, videos, downloads, and galleries—subscribe to our Best of the Week newsletter. Subscribe Also see Photo memories of 18 first computers (TechRepublic) Coolest tech and STEM toys for 2016 holiday shopping (TechRepublic) Piper's Minecraft DIY computer kit teaches kids programming and engineering (TechRepublic) Dinosaur Sightings: Atari ST (TechRepublic) Cracking Open the Atari 2600 video game console (TechRepublic) Apple launches Swift Playgrounds to lure kids to become future developers (ZDNet) Radio Shack and the early days of the PC (pictures) (CNET) Classic Nintendo NES manuals will hit you with nostalgia (CNET) Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus About Evan Koblentz Evan Koblentz began covering enterprise IT news during the dot-com boom times of the late 1990s. He recently published a book, "Abacus to smartphone: The evolution of mobile and portable computers". He is director of Vintage Computer Federation, a 50... Full Bio Contact See all of Evan's content @technicallyevan × Full Bio Evan Koblentz began covering enterprise IT news during the dot-com boom times of the late 1990s. He recently published a book, "Abacus to smartphone: The evolution of mobile and portable computers". He is director of Vintage Computer Federation, a 501(c)3 non-profit and can often be found running marathons or having deep conversations with Floppy Disk Cat. Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Editor's Picks Inside Amazon's clickworker platform: How half a million people are paid pennies to train AI How K9s became a secret weapon for solving high-tech crimes How driverless cars will be the first robots we learn to trust #WeAreNotWaiting: Diabetics are hacking their health Free Newsletters, In your Inbox Tech News You Can Use We deliver the top business tech news stories about the companies, the people, and the products revolutionizing the planet. Delivered Daily Subscribe Best of the Week Our editors highlight the TechRepublic articles, galleries, and videos that you absolutely cannot miss to stay current on the latest IT news, innovations, and tips. Delivered Fridays Subscribe Latest From Tech Pro Research Severance policy Research: 3D Printing 2017: Benefits, trends, enterprise applications IT leader’s guide to the Dark Web Hiring kit: Robotics engineer Services About Us Membership Newsletters RSS Feeds Site Map Site Help & Feedback FAQ Advertise Reprint Policy Explore Blogs Downloads TechRepublic Forums Meet the Team Tech Pro Research Resource Library Photos Videos © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement A ZDNet site | Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBS InteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundClickerCNETCollege NetworkGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTech Pro ResearchTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Apple's App Store Earned $8.6 Billion Last Year The services business is crushing it. Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) Jan 5, 2017 at 1:51PM Image source: Apple. Following a merry Christmas, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is kicking off the new year with a press release touting how well its popular App Store is doing. The company puts out a similar release around this time each year. New Year's Day was the "busiest single day ever," according to the Mac maker, generating $240 million in sales. Collectively, developers earned over $20 billion in 2016, up 40% from 2015. The cumulative developer payout since the App Store's launch in 2008 is now $60 billion. There are now 2.2 million apps available in the App Store. Look how far the App Store has come. They grow up so fast It took a full two years for the App Store to pay out its first $1 billion to developers. Over the years, the company has disclosed updates at irregular intervals, but there's no questioning how quickly App Store growth is accelerating. Data source: Apple. Chart by author. Just three years ago, the cumulative developer payout was $15 billion by the end of 2013, rising to $25 billion by the end of 2014. The most recent update prior to this release was a tweet from Tim Cook in August, when the cumulative payout hit $50 billion. .@AppStore developers have now earned over $50 billion! Congratulations on your success and such inspired creativity. — Tim Cook (@tim_cook) August 3, 2016 Apple also notes that after introducing subscription billing across the App Store, subscription-based apps are soaring. Subscription billings jumped 74% in 2016 to $2.7 billion. While Apple initially introduced subscriptions in 2011, the big change last year was expanding subscriptions across all categories and reducing its cut to 15% after the first year. That's a major difference for developers if they're able to maintain long-term relationships. The services business is booming Considering Apple's long-standing 70/30 split, the $20 billion payout to developers in 2016 translates into approximately $8.6 billion going into Apple's anodized aluminum coffers. It's highly likely that Apple has already cut a few deals with video apps where they pay 15% from the start without having to wait a year, and while these should be concentrated with the major providers, Apple's overall cut on average should still be very close to 30%. In-app purchases still dominate subscriptions, which comprised less than 10% of total App Store billings last year. But going forward as more subscription-based apps transition to the 15% tier, it will be less clear how much Apple is keeping on average, which will depend on mix and length of subscriptions. I wouldn't expect Apple to provide regular updates there, though. Once Apple reports fourth-quarter earnings, investors will then be able to see how well the overall services business fared in 2016. At the end of fiscal 2016 (which closed at the end of September), services was a $24.3 billion business on a trailing-12-month basis. Safely assuming services revenue grows in the fourth quarter, the App Store will likely account for 25% of all services revenue for the year. We also know that on a look-forward basis, Apple Music is a $2.4 billion business based on 17 million current subscribers. The company has really prioritized helping developers improve monetization over the past couple of years -- iAd's failure notwithstanding -- and those efforts are clearly paying off for Apple and developers alike. Evan Niu, CFA, owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) Evan is a Senior Technology Specialist at The Motley Fool. He was previously a Senior Trading Specialist at a major discount broker, and worked briefly at Tesla Motors. Evan graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, and is a CFA charterholder. Follow @TMFNewCow Article Info Jan 5, 2017 at 1:51PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $119.04 down $0.21 (-0.18%) Read More Apple Inc. Earnings: Mark Your Calendar Tech Predictions for 2017 Apple, Inc. Continues to Slip in China Is Apple, Inc. Subtly Pushing Back on U.S. Manufacturing? 10 Charts to Celebrate the iPhone's 10th Birthday Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool Apple's App Store Earned $8.6 Billion Last Year #stocks $AAPL
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Modern Medicine FinTech CNBC Upstart 25 Retail Report Future Opportunities Davos Your Money, Your Future Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Technology Technology Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity The Pulse @ 1 Market Senator slams Apple for removing NYT app from Chinese iPhones Josh Lipton | @CNBCJosh Thursday, 5 Jan 2017 | 2:50 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters NY Times app banned in China    Thursday, 5 Jan 2017 | 8:01 AM ET | 00:37 At least one U.S. politician is taking aim at Apple over its decision to remove The New York Times news app from its app store in China. Senator Tom Cotton, R-Arkansas, slammed the company in a statement today for being, in his words, "complicit in Communist censorship of an American newspaper." "It's a sad day when a great American company becomes complicit in Communist censorship of an American newspaper. Apple could have leveraged its position to push for more openness in China, but it instead sought to protect its market access at the expense of liberty. Apple's protestations that it's merely complying with Chinese law ring hollow when, just last year, it openly challenged a U.S. court order to assist a terrorism investigation and unlock the iPhone of a dead ISIS terrorist. The common theme running through Apple's actions is not principle, but short-term profit. And the ultimate consequence will be a future that is more closed, less prosperous,and much darker." Apple confirms to CNBC that it did remove both English-language and Chinese-language apps from the iTunes store late last month. "For some time now the New York Times app has not been permitted to display content to most users in China and we have been informed that the app is in violation of local regulations," Apple said in a statement to CNBC. The company added: "As a result, the app must be taken down off the China App Store. When this situation changes, the App Store will once again offer The New York Times app for download in China." Apple declined to disclose what regulations, exactly, were said to have been violated or which Chinese government authority had issued the request. The company also reiterated that it complies with the laws of the countries in which it conducts business. Cotton's contention that Apple's defense "ring[s] hollow" refers to the company's decision to challenge a U.S. court order last year to assist the FBI in unlocking an iPhone used by one of the San Bernardino terrorists. On that point, CEO Tim Cook in part resisted creating a back door for the FBI because, so he argued at the time, the same back doors for law enforcement could be exploited by criminals and hostile foreign states. Cook said he would comply with the ultimate decision of the court. However, the case was dropped after the U.S. government unlocked the phone without Apple's assistance. This is not the first time Cotton has targeted Cook. During that encryption fight, he charged the executive with omitting "critical facts about data encryption." Apple declined to respond to Cotton's comments. Josh LiptonCNBC Technology Correspondent Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change AAPL --- Binge 'Walking Dead' a megahit, thanks in part to white-knuckled binge-watchers By: Marc Gilbert, senior producer, CNBC Walking Dead producer: The phenomenon is no accident    Walking Dead producer: The show isn’t about zombies    Terminator writer sounds alarm on AI    Walking Dead producer: VR makes me nauseous    To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Home Lifestyle Astro Guide Culture Faith Fashion Food Health Young Life Community News Global South Asia Local National Columnists Health Legal Video Photo Gallery Events Community Events Contact About Us Contact form Subscribe Submit News and Pictures Classifieds – Main Browse Ads Edit Classified Book Classified Advertise Turkey says US will be invited to fresh Syria talks Obama ‘screwed’ us, say angry Cuban migrants on their trek to US 2016 Brays Oaks Volunteer Appreciation Breakfast Art museum kicks off 2017 with award gala Home » News » National » Apple removes New York Times app from China store Apple removes New York Times app from China store Apple has removed the New York Times from its China app store, the tech giant said, after authorities told the company the app breached regulations. The US newspaper said both its English- and Chinese-language apps were pulled late last month, blocking one of the few remaining channels for readers in China to access its reports. “For some time now the New York Times app has not been permitted to display content to most users in China, and we have been informed that the app is in violation of local regulations,” Apple spokeswoman Carolyn Wu said in a statement to AFP. “As a result, the app must be taken down off the China App Store.” When the situation changes, she added, Apple will offer the app again for download in China. The development marks the latest move by Beijing to suppress the newspaper’s output in China, after the government blocked its website following a 2012 Times report saying that former Premier Wen Jiabao’s family controlled assets worth $2.7 billion. Incoming correspondents for The New York Times were not given Chinese residence visas in apparent retaliation. China’s Communist Party oversees a vast censorship apparatus designed to censor online content they deem politically sensitive, while blocking some Western websites and the services of Internet giants including Facebook, Twitter and Google. In recent months Beijing censors had “struggled” to prevent readers from using the Chinese-language app, the Times reported. A Times spokeswoman said the company had asked Apple to reconsider its decision, it added. “The request by the Chinese authorities to remove our apps is part of their wider attempt to prevent readers in China from accessing independent news coverage by The New York Times of that country,” spokeswoman Eileen Murphy said. – ‘Must comply’ – China has seen a sprawling crackdown on dissent under President Xi Jinping, restricting citizens’ speech online and jailing hundreds of lawyers who had taken on civil rights cases considered sensitive by the ruling party. At the same time the world’s number two economy is Apple’s second-biggest market, and a key part of its supply chain, where many of its products are manufactured. Apple CEO Tim Cook is a frequent visitor to the People’s Republic and the company has made several large-scale investments in the country. The California-based firm announced last year it will open two research and development centres in Beijing and Shenzhen. In December it bought a 30 percent stake in wind farm projects across China that will produce 285 megawatts of power, its largest clean energy project to date. It poured $1 billion into the ride hailing app Didi Chuxing in May, a move some observers saw as a strategic play to shore up sales in the Asian market and prepare for a rumoured move into self-driving cars. But Apple has also struggled with the country’s Communist rulers, with its movie and book services shut down last year by Chinese authorities, shortly after launching. Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Geng Shuang told reporters Thursday that he was “not really aware” of the removal of the New York Times app. “What I can tell you is that the Chinese government always encourages and supports the development of the internet,” he added at a regular briefing. “But the development of the internet in China must comply with Chinese rules and regulations. This is a principle.” Apple has seen its smartphone market share eroded, beaten out by rising Chinese firms — market leader Huawei and three companies little known elsewhere, Vivo, Oppo and Xiaomi. Sales of the iPhone have slumped, with revenues in the key “Greater China” market down 30 percent in the fourth quarter to $8.8 billion, according to Apple’s annual report. Apple New York Times app More news Apple unveils two new iPhones » 8 September, 2016 // Lifestyle Apple says FBI out to ‘rewrite history’ in iPhone case » 17 March, 2016 // Health America’s Tech Titans Explore Spiritual Side at Indian Temple » 5 November, 2015 // Community Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment Latest News and Stories India’s SpiceJet buys up to 205 Boeing jets worth $22bn Nepal fails to deliver relief to quake survivors Turkey says US will be invited to fresh Syria talks Vegetable Noodles | Sanjeev Kapoor Khazana Archives January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 June 2015 December 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 June 2012 May 2012 February 2002 © All right reserved - Voice of Asia Online by Grenix
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Life Money Dealhacker: 20% Off Lego Sets On Ebay Plan For The Sequence Of Return Risk To Make Your Retirement Savings Last Beware The Bandwagon Effect When Buying A Car How Small Actions Help You Take Control Of Your Finances Home The Correct Way To Store Different Food Types In Your Kitchen [Infographic] Why Spicy Food Makes You Feel High 4 Things That Happen When You Skip Breakfast Not All Non-Dairy Milks Are Worth Making Yourself Entertainment Watch The Australian Open Live Stream Here! Nintendo Switch FAQs: Australian Pricing, Specifications And Release Date Trick Your Friends And Family With These 10 Bets You'll Always Win The Dungeons & Dragons Background Music Playlist Travel Language Learning Showdown: Rosetta Stone Vs. Duolingo Use The Fibonacci Sequence To Quickly Convert Between Miles And Kilometres Thinking Cap: Podcasts, Articles And Clips To Make You Smarter Focus on These Four Factors To Make The Most Of A Holiday Health 25 Facts About The Science Of Fitness You May Not Know Learn What Breast Cancer Can Look Like With This Cute Image Visit Museums To Boost Your Empathy Focus On One Resolution A Month To Accomplish More Overall Design The Sierra 10 Desktop Get To Know Everything About Multimeters With This Guide Top 10 Raspberry Pi Projects For Beginners Safely Use Any Bag As A Camera Bag Work Productivity IINA Is Mac-Focused Video Player With Modern Design Wayback Machine For Chrome Finds Archived Copies Of Broken Links Right Click Enhancer Adds A Ton Of Useful Options To Your Context Menu How To Refuse Extra Work Without Annoying Your Boss [Infographic] Communicate How I Skipped The NBN Waiting List To Get 70Mbps Download Speeds Don't Be Afraid To Be Average If You Want To Be Memorable Terminology For iPhone Goes Free, Refreshes Its Interface And Adds A Notes Option No NBN In Your Street? Just Set Up A Wireless Bridge Organise The Multipurpose Gaming, Music, And Work Space How To Watch The Australian Open 2017 Live And Online For Free This Week's Top Downloads Last Week's 10 Biggest Posts Career Showing Off Your Sense Of Humour At Work Can Make You Seem More Competent Why You Should Recognise Luck's Role In Your Success Or Failure How To Become A Plus-Size Model Take Control Of Your Email Inbox This Year By Using Only Five Folders Business Travel Here Is The Winner Of Sodastream's Iceland Competition! Top 5 Thin And Light Laptops For Travel It's Official: Badgerys Creek Airport Is Coming To Western Sydney Qantas Is Adding Non-Stop Flights To London Security Ask LH: Is There An Easy Way To Find And Delete Old Internet Accounts? Your Browser's Autofill Data Can Be Phished, Here's How To Stay Safe Bible Verses Are Easy To Guess, So Don't Use Them As Your Password Deals: Keep Your Online Activity Private For Life With This VPN Small Business & Startups How I Succeeded: TryBooking's Grant Dunoon Twitter Kills Off Small Business Tool It Released A Few Months Ago The Government's Small Business $20,000 Asset Write-Off Scheme May Be Extended Here's A Five-Minute Exercise Routine For Time-Poor Small Business Owners IT Pro Cloud Why We Should Save Adobe Flash Get A Discount For Google Drive With A New Yearly Subscription Cisco Kills Its $1 Billion Cloud Dropbox To Remove Public Folders For Pro Users Too IT Career 10 Things You Should Do When You Start A New Job Deals: Add Photoshop Mastery To Your Resume With This 7 Course Bundle Killer Interview Question: Do You Check Your Email When You're On Holidays? How A Good Mentor Can Save You Time IT Security Software Bug Forces GoDaddy To Revoke And Re-Issue SSL Certificates To Customers Which Software Had The Most Vulnerabilities In 2016? How To Protect Yourself On Public Wi-Fi Networks Stolen Yahoo Accounts Database Sold for Hundreds Of Thousands Of Dollars Developer Google Open Sources Draco 3D Compression Library Handy JavaScript Console Commands For Web Developers Deals: Start Training To Be A Mobile Game Dev Right Now Development Timelapse For EVE Online Shows Python As Workhorse Language Deployment Build A Laptop With The Guts Of An Xbox One S Latest Windows 10 Update Can Wreck Multiple Screen Setups Adelaide's 10Gbps Broadband Network Is Really Happening Microsoft Has Brought In Privacy Changes To Windows 10 (For The Better) Servers Oracle Is Starting To Fine Customers Who Thought They Were Using Free Java Software Server Down: What Caused The ATO System Crash? ATO Website Crash: One Petabyte Of Data Lost Make A Virtual Drive Using Your Video Card's RAM Toggle navigation Life Money Home Entertainment Travel Health Design Work Productivity Communicate Organise Career Business Travel Security Small Business & Startups IT Pro Cloud IT Career IT Security Developer Deployment Servers How I Skipped The NBN Waiting List To Get 70Mbps Download Speeds How To Watch The Australian Open 2017 Live And Online For Free Nintendo Switch FAQs: Australian Pricing, Specifications And Release Date Top 10 Raspberry Pi Projects For Beginners The Power User's Guide To Safari Thorin Klosowski Jan 6, 2017, 7:00am ⋅ Filed to:  apple browsers browsing downloads editor's picks mac macos macos sierra sierra Share Apple's Safari web browser tends to get a bum rap because it's a pretty boring and comes with every Mac, but over the years Apple has quietly made it pretty useful. Plus, Safari is much more popular than you'd think. If you're reading this in Safari right now, here's how to get the most out of your experience. Artwork by Sam Woolley. When it comes to speed, the browser wars have been flat these days. Even when there is a shift and one browser introduces a must-have new feature, another updates so quickly that it's tough to stay on top for long. So, it's all about features, and where Chrome, Firefox or Vivaldi stress customisation, Safari stresses simplicity. It does have a few tricks up its sleeve though, like Picture-in-Picture mode and Safari Reader. Since it's made for your Mac and your operating system, it's also likely going to give you better battery life. With that, let's dig in. Learn the Most Time-Saving Shortcuts For the most part, Safari shares keyboard shortcuts with every other browser., but if you never got the hang of using keyboard shortcuts, now's the time. Here are some of our favourites in Safari, most of which work in any other browser: Option+Arrow key or Space bar: Tapping the space bar or Option+arrow up or down scrolls down a web page in increments, much like Page Up or Page Down on Windows. Shift+Command+\: Shows all open tabs in a nice grid view. Shift+Command+Click: Opens a link in a new tab and makes that the active tab. Ctrl+Tab and Ctrl+Shift+Tab: Cycles through all your open tabs. Command+1 through Command+9: Selects a specific tab, with 1 being the first, 2 being the second and so on. Shift+Command+T: Reopens the last tab or window you closed. Esc: If you're typing in the URL field/search box, ESC restores the current web page address. Shift+Command+R: Renders a site in Reader Mode, cutting out distractions. Of course, that's just a handful of the shortcuts, so be sure to check out this full list of every Safari keyboard shortcut. If there's something you do every day with your mouse, there's a good chance there's a keyboard shortcut to make it quicker. Use Picture-in-Picture Mode to Multitask Watching Videos Ever since Apple started giving out updates to its operating systems (and to Safari) for free every year, useful new features tend to get lost in the shuffle. One of the best things Apple added to Safari in macOS Sierra is a Picture-in-Picture mode that shrinks down a video and plays it in a corner of your screen. Whether you're working on a laptop or a big 27-inch iMac, this is a pretty awesome feature for anyone who tends to multitask with a video in the background. You can pull up Picture-in-Picture mode in one of two ways. If a site supports Picture-in-Picture, like Vimeo, you'll see a small PiP icon in the corner of the video. Click that and the video drops over to a corner of your screen. If you don't see that icon, like on YouTube, right-click the video twice and select Enter Picture-in-Picture. If you don't like how the video snaps to the corners of your screen, just hold down the Command key and click it to move it where you want. Manage Sound in Tabs If you listen to music or watch a lot of videos in Safari, you know how awkward it is to hunt down the tab that's playing sound to mute it. Safari has a few different tools for managing this: If a tab is playing sound, you'll see a speaker icon in the URL bar and on the tab itself. Click the speaker icon in the URL bar to mute the sound in every tab. Hold down Alt/Option and click the speaker icon on a current tab to mute the sound on all other tabs. Hold Ctrl and click on the speaker icon to get a list of all the tabs currently playing audio. You should never need to go hunting through tabs to find the source of a sound again. Use Reader Mode to Strip Away Distractions for a Clean Reading Experience Reader Mode removes all the clutter from an article you're reading so you can focus on text without looking at on-page clutter. This works similarly to a service like Instapaper or Pocket, but without going to another site, or using a third-party service. If you see a four line icon in the URL bar when you're reading an article, click it (or press Shift+Command+R) to trigger Reader Mode. You can customise how this looks a little bit. When you're in Reader Mode, click on the "aA" icon in the URL bar. Here, you can change the font, font size and page colour to better suit your needs. Pin Sites You Use Often, Add the Rest to Your Reading List If you visit one or two sites daily, like your email, Facebook or Twitter, than you might want to Pin them to your tabs bar. To do so, just right-click a tab and select "Pin Tab". This shrinks the tab down to a favicon and pushes it to the left of the window. As for single articles that you want to save to read later, Safari has a feature called Reading List. The Reading List is like Instapaper or Pocket, but inside Safari, no external services or extensions required. To add a page to your Reading List, click the History menu and select Add to Reading List, or press Shift+Command+D. To view your Reading List, click the View menu and select Show Reading List, or press Control+Command+2. By default, your Reading List syncs up between Safari on your Mac and Safari on your iPhone or iPad. Customise the Toolbar The toolbar is the entire top portion of your Safari window. By default the toolbar includes a bunch of stuff you might not want. You can customise it however you see fit though. Right-click any blank space on the toolbar and select Customise Toolbar. This pulls up the customisation panel. Click on any element, then drag and drop it where you want it to appear in the toolbar. If you want to remove an item, click it and drag it off the toolbar, then let go. You can also add in blank spaces with the "Flexible Space" item. Personally, I reproduced Chrome's toolbar by removing the Sidebar, Share and Show Tab buttons, then moved my extensions to the right of the URL bar. Add the Best Extensions Safari doesn't have as many extensions as Chrome or Firefox, but it has most of the popular ones. Apple's Extension Gallery has a ton of officially approved extensions if you just want to browse. Here are some of our favourites: LastPass/Dashlane/1Password: It doesn't matter which password manager you use, just use a password manager. Safari includes a service called iCloud Keychain, which is Apple's attempt at a password manager. Don't use this. iCloud Keychain is not available on other other operating systems, which means Apple locks you and all your passwords into their ecosystem. There is no way to export them. There is no way to share them. Use a third-party password manager instead. Go ahead and turn iCloud Keychain off completely while you're at it. Pocket/Instapaper: Both Pocket and Instapaper are good bookmarking services and are much more robust than Safari's built-in Reading List. With Pocket or Instapaper, you can actually organise that list and access it outside of Safari, which is pretty darn useful. NoMoreiTunes: Safari obnoxiously opens up iTunes or the Mac App Store any time you land on an app's iTunes page. There's no official way to turn this off or toggle the behaviour. NoMoreiTunes is a third-party extension that shuts down this horrible feature. Plenty of other popular services have extensions too, including: Evernote, OneNote, Bear, Todoist, Wunderlist, Honey and Pinterest. You can also install extensions that don't appear on Apple's official page, but you need to manually double-click the extension and click the "Trust" button to install it, which might be off-putting for some users. Enable the Debug Menu Apple loves to stuff hidden debug menus behind a Terminal command, and Safari is no different. Open up Terminal (Applications > Utilities), then type this in and press Return: defaults write com.apple.Safari IncludeInternalDebugMenu 1 When you're done, restart Safari, and you'll find a Debug menu option. Here are a few features in that menu worth looking into: Disable Per-Tab Web Process/Cap Per-Tap Web Processes at 20: Turning on either of these two options prevents tabs from reloading in the background. While a per-tab setting might be a little extreme for most of us, the cap at 20 should be pretty useful if you tend to have a lot of tabs open. Video/Audio Needs User Action: Not a fan of autoplay video? This toggle attempts to stop them completely. Just head to the Debug menu and select Media Flags to turn it on. This will stop videos on sites like YouTube from autoplaying the second you load up the page. Reset Top Sites/Recompute Top Sites: If you like the Top Sites feature in Safari that opens up a new tab with your most frequently visited sites, but find that it's not particularly accurate, then you can force Safari to recompute those, or just wipe the history and start over with a restart. Those are the options I found useful, but you might find other settings that make your browsing better. Go ahead and play around with different options to see what they do and find out if they work for you. Fix Safari's Biggest Annoyances Safari does some pretty annoying things, and tries to make you use iCloud Keychain. While everyone's particular annoyances are a bit different, here's what I did to make Safari much better for me. Change Your Default Search Engine to Google: The default search engine in Safari is Yahoo, which is ridiculous no matter what decade you're in. To change it, open the Safari menu, choose Preferences and then Search. Pick the search engine you want. While you're in this menu, you might want to toggle "Include Safari Suggestions", "Enable Quick Website Search" and "Show Favourites" to off if you're not a fan of Safari auto populating search results or logging you most frequently viewed sites. Turn Off the Bookmarks Sidebar and Turn on a Chrome-Like Favourites Bar: Some people might like the Bookmarks sidebar, but even after giving it a chance, I had to ditch it. Click View > Hide Sidebar or View > Hide Bookmarks Sidebar to get rid of the sidebar. If you prefer your favourites appear below the URL bar, like in Chrome, click View > Show Favourites Bar. Disable Autofill: Since we've already suggested that you don't use iCloud Keychain, go ahead and disable Autofill (because you should just keep all that information inside your password manager). Head to Safari > Preferences > Autofill and uncheck all the boxes. Change New Tab and Window Options: By default, Safari opens up your Top Sites when you open a new tab or window. Unless you just go to the same five or six sites all the time and don't mind that anyone looking over your shoulder knows which sites those are, you probably want to change this behaviour. Head to Safari > Preferences > General. Here, you'll see a dropdown for "Safari Open with", "New windows open with" and "New tabs open with". Change these to whatever you want. Personally I use empty pages for all of them so I don't get distracted and forget why I opened a new tab to begin with. Safari will never be a super powerful or customisable choice, but it's certainly one of the most popular for Mac users. That's not a bad thing: Safari is stable, tends to be secure and is pretty hard to screw up. It's also a lot more powerful than you'd think, once you take the time to customise it to your liking. Comments Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now How I Skipped The NBN Waiting List To Get 70Mbps Download Speeds Daniel Saffioti 16 Jan 2017 11:30 AM Poor bandwidth makes downloading content and working in the cloud impractical. Like many Australians, these are two activities that have become critical to the way I live my life. When the NBN skipped my house because it was in the older stages of the estate I live in, I decided to take matters into my own hands. Ask LH: Is There An Easy Way To Find And Delete Old Internet Accounts? Chris Jager 16 Jan 2017 1:30 PM Dear Lifehacker, I've got my tinfoil hat on and am trying to track down and delete any old accounts on services I've signed up to but which are no longer being used. Problem is I can't remember what I've signed up to in the past. Do you know of any service where you can put in your email and it will show what sites/services it's registered to? Want Lifehacker's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Subscribe to the #staticpodcast Static Podcast: The Best Of Season Four Lifehacker's Static Podcast: The Interviews Lifehacker's Static Podcast: Is It Legal To Carry A Knife? Lifehacker's Static Podcast: How To Become The Citizen Of A Space Nation Trending Articles 1 How I Skipped The NBN Waiting List To Get 70Mbps Download Speeds 2 Ask LH: Is There An Easy Way To Find And Delete Old Internet Accounts? 3 Top 10 Raspberry Pi Projects For Beginners 4 25 Facts About The Science Of Fitness You May Not Know 5 The Correct Way To Store Different Food Types In Your Kitchen [Infographic] NBC's Powerless Breaks The Canon With A Stupid Wayne Cousin Top 10 Raspberry Pi Projects For Beginners Why Software Fixes Are Sometimes Called A 'Patch' Apple AirPods: Australian Review Crazy Stunt Brings Rocket League To Grand Theft Auto V Everything We Learned About The Nintendo Switch The Last Of Us Remade In Giant LEGO Build 25 Years Ago, Mega Man 4 Changed The Series Forever The Correct Way To Store Different Food Types In Your Kitchen [Infographic] 25 Facts About The Science Of Fitness You May Not Know Ask LH: Is There An Easy Way To Find And Delete Old Internet Accounts? The Multipurpose Gaming, Music, And Work Space Kogan.com shares are on a tear after strong Christmas sales Chinese commodity futures are exploding higher as iron ore goes limit up Energy business Duet has agreed to a $7.37 billion takeover bid from HK billionaire Li Ka-shing These charts show traders continue to believe in the Donald Trump 'reflation trade' © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Lifehacker International × Log in to Lifehacker Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Lifehacker User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Lifehacker International Lifehacker US Lifehacker Japan Close
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 4:00pm Mon 16 January Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Golf Rugby Boxing Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Basketball Live Scores Tennis Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Apple's App Store sales soared 40pc to $28 billion last year By Marion Dakers 8:45 AM Friday Jan 6, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Apple Apple Inc Electronic Games Games Games and Puzzles Personal Media Devices Developers who sold apps through the store made a total of $20 billion in 2016. Photo / Getty Images Apple took nearly a quarter of a billion dollars in app purchases on New Year's Day, marking its busiest ever day on the App Store and capping off a record-breaking 2016. The technology giant said customers splashed out nearly $240m (NZ$340m)) worldwide on January 1 on apps for phones, tablets, watches and other devices. The world's biggest company continues to grow rapidly, managing to eclipse the $144m in app sales it generated on the first day of 2016. Developers who sold apps through the store made a total of $20b (NZ$28b) in 2016, a rise of 40pc on the prior year and double the sums generated two years ago, according to Apple. The company's 30pc cut suggests the total amount spent on apps was around $28.5b (NZ$40b). The App Store now offers 2.2m apps, ranging from one-man start-ups to gaming giants. Developers have flocked to the platform, with the number of apps soaring by a fifth in the last year alone. The US firm does not reveal exactly how much of its own earnings come from the App Store. Its results for the year to September 2016 showed that its services division generated net sales of $24.3b (NZ$34.5b); this includes income from apps, music, licensing and Apple Care policies. The most-downloaded app on January 1 this year was Super Mario Run, one of Nintendo's first forays into smartphone gaming, which is free to use but costs £7.99 to unlock fully. Mario's latest outing has recently replaced Pokemon Go, another game in the Nintendo stable, at the top of the charts. Even apps that customers download for free can produce income through one-off purchases and regular subscriptions. Apple said subscriptions to services such as Netflix, Tinder and Spotify generated payments worth $2.7b (NZ$3.8b) last year, an increase of 74pc on a year ago. Apple has come under scrutiny this week for pulling the New York Times app from the store in China, after a request from the Chinese authorities. The company's iBooks and iTunes Movies stores have been blocked in the country since April, just months after they were launched, as Beijing clamps down on any online services seen to threaten national security. - Daily Telegraph UK By Marion Dakers Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Cannabis club member granted bail A member of a Whangarei "cannabis club" facing drugs charges has been given bail. Sarah… Hawke's Bay Today Large grass fire at Haumoana Firefighters are battling a large grass fire in Haumoana this afternoon. Fire crews… Bay of Plenty Times Naked Tauranga theatre awaits arrival of new seats Tauranga's Baycourt Theatre is only days away from losing its reputation as an uncomfortable… Our Features' Top Stories Driven Mercedes-Benz updates its GLA range of SUVs Mercedes-Benz updates its compact luxury SUV range of GLA models, becoming available… Viva Best celebrity beauty looks From Sienna Miller to Emma Stone, our favourite celebrity beauty looks this week True Commercial Positive - with cautionary notes Heads of commercial agencies are generally upbeat about 2017 but... Says Colin Taylor More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production bpcf04 at 16 Jan 2017 16:25:23 Processing Time: 38ms
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH Top Stories  • Video •  Live TV new Staff Stories Most Popular Front Page News All Latest One News Page > News Videos > Apple Names "CBS News" App Best of 2016 Apple Names "CBS News" App Best of 2016 Duration: 00:36s - Published: on December 16, 2016< > Embed Scott PelleyGayle KingBob Schieffer The CBS News Apple TV app was named to the App Store’s “Best of 2016” list. CBS News Apple has named CBS News’ Apple TV app for tvOS one of the App Store’s best apps of 2016 — the only news channel to make the list for the U.S. From left, CBS News Contributor Bob Schieffer, CBS THIS MORNING Co-Host Gayle King, CBS EVENING NEWS Anchor Scott Pelley, CBS THIS MORNING Co-Host Norah O’Donnell, FACE THE NATION Anchor John Dickerson and CBS THIS MORNING Co-Host Charlie Rose. 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Transcript: Apple Names "CBS News" App Best of 2016 Apple has named CBS News’ app as one of the best of 2016 for Apple TV. Each year the App Store releases the list of most innovative apps for all platforms. Christy Tanner, senior vice president of CBS News Digital said of the app, "Our Apple TV app represents the future of how viewers will consume and interact with video. We are taking advantage of the platform’s cutting-edge, interactive technology to offer a customizable experience. Recent related news Apple pulled New York Times' news app from China's App StoreChina has imposed its will on Apple to remove anther app from The App Store. Except this time, it... engadget 1 week ago - TechnologyAlso reported by •BGR India •Digital Trends •Reuters Apple increases Apple TV apps size from 200MB to 4GBApple has announced a change in App Store policy increasing the tvOS apps size limit from 200MB to... BGR India 1 day ago - TechnologyAlso reported by •Zero Hedge Tools for Streaming Multimedia on Apple DevicesIf you are finding it difficult to enjoy videos on your apple devices, do not worry because there are... WorldNews 1 week ago - Front Page Top 3 Websites To Download Apple and iPhone RingtonesTop 3 Websites To Download Apple and iPhone Ringtones Most of the times iPhone & Apple users have... WorldNews 4 days ago - Front Page Apple veterans reinvent its culture at auto-accessory startupAt Apple, Brian Latimer was in charge of protecting some of the company’s deepest secrets. Founded... SFGate 1 week ago - Business Without Numbers, Cook's Apple Watch Claims May Be HollowApple drew some pointed questions this week following CEO Tim Cook's vague response to reports... E-Commerce Times 1 week ago - Internet Apple to assemble, not manufacture data center servers, equipment in Arizona: TechCrunchHold your horses — or your Apples. Apple Inc. (Nasdaq: AAP) said Tuesday it would be assembling and... bizjournals 4 days ago - Business IRCTC to launch new light app for faster booking of ticketsIndian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC) Limited will soon launch a new ticketing app... BGR India 1 week ago - Technology Apple’s App Store just had its best day everIt was a very happy New Year indeed for Apple Inc (NASDAQ:AAPL), with the US tech giant’s App Store... Proactive Investors 1 week ago - Business Factbox: Apps removed from Apple's China app store(Reuters) - Apple Inc removed the New York Times Co's news apps from its app store in China on Dec.... Reuters India 1 week ago - TechnologyAlso reported by •BGR India You Might Like Facebook Page People Donald Trump Barack Obama Johnny Depp Amber Heard Carrie Fisher Current Topics Zhou Youguang Mosul University Iraqi Forces UC Davis Mike Pence Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories Nintendo Switch Line-Up Confirmed: Big Franchises Return For New Console In 2017 Snooper's Charter Under Fire - Investigatory Bill Faces Legal Challenge The Hillary Clinton Email Scandal Is Far From Over - But Not For Her Just When You Thought 2016 Was Dramatic Enough - It's 2017, And Cadbury's Are Increasing The Price Of Freddo Bars UK Internet Providers To Make Pirates Walk The Plank? Why The Booze Is Putting You Into Starvation Mode La La Land Destroys Long-Standing Golden Globes Record Tom Hiddleston's Golden Globes Speech - What Was All That About? Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Samsung Gear S3 Review: This is the smartwatch of the future we’ve been waiting for… [Video] Trending in Google Corporate NOOK Tablet 7″ Review: Easily the best $50 tablet you can buy this year Trending in Google Corporate Lenovo Phab2 Pro Review: Tango is impressive and awesome, but this device isn’t for everyone [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Opinion: Google’s ‘Magic Minute’ marketing campaign simply highlights that Android Wear is practically useless Trending in Google Corporate Google Wifi Review: A great user-friendly router for your home, even if you buy just one Trending in Google Corporate 9to5Google Gift Guide: These are five affordable Android phone deals to grab this holiday season January 5 GOOG: 794.02 7.12 9to5Toys Lunch Break: Moto X Pure 4G 64GB $250, Samsung Surround Sound w/ Sub $230, D-Link Wi-Fi Cam $30, more Justin Kahn - Jan. 5th 2017 10:23 am PT @justinkahnmusic 9to5Toys 9to5Toys Lunch Break Deals View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Keep up with the best gear and deals on the web by signing up for the 9to5Toys Newsletter. Also, be sure to check us out on: Twitter, RSS Feed, Facebook, Google+ and Safari push notifications. TODAY’S CAN’T MISS DEALS: Daily Deals: Moto X 4G 64GB Smartphone $250, APC 8-Outlet UPS $45, more Samsung’s popular 5.1-Ch. Surround Sound System w/ Wireless Sub is now on sale for $230 shipped ($300 value) The iOS/Android connected D-Link Day & Night Wi-Fi Camera w/ Remote Viewing is down to $30 Prime shipped (Reg. $50) Apple’s powerhouse 15-inch MacBook Pro w/ Touch Bar drops to $2,200 shipped (Reg. $2,399) Apple’s 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar is now $150 off in both capacities, from $1,650 shipped Apple’s 21-inch iMac 2.8GHz/8GB/1TB has dropped to $1,100 shipped (Reg. $1,299) Save nearly $300 on Apple’s 27-inch Retina 5K iMac 3.2GHz/8GB/1TB Fusion: $1,700 (Reg. $1,999) CES 2017 Coverage: Sony looks to upend LG with its stunning OLED 4K HDR Ultra HDTVs at CES 2017 LeEco enters the bike business with two models powered by a display that runs Android OS Blue Microphones announce retro-inspired Bluetooth headphones designed with iPhone 7 in mind Misfit adds a touchscreen on its newest $199 Vapor smartwatch that includes a two-day battery Samsung hits CES with new QLED Ultra HDTVs that include a collection of aluminum stands Here’s our first look at LG’s new impossibly thin ‘Wallpaper’ 4K OLED displays Turn the shower on from bed with the new U by Moen Smart Wi-Fi Connected Shower System Mohu’s new Airwave HD Antenna wirelessly beams your local channels to Apple TV, iOS, Android, Roku and more DJI intros new special edition Phantom 4, Osmo products for iPhone, iPad app for autonomous flights, & more LEGO BOOST brings your builds to life with its kid-friendly coding kit and smartphone apps Belkin revamps its popular Wemo Switch with a slimmer design alongside a new Light Dimmer Kingston unveils “the world’s highest capacity USB Flash drive” AirTV is the first official Sling TV set-top box with 4K content and OTA Linksys joins the mesh network craze with its new Alexa-enabled Velop 802.11ac system Lenovo borrows Amazon’s Alexa Voice Service for its new Smart Assistant Speaker MORE NEW GEAR FROM TODAY: Smartphone Accessories: Aukey USB Charger with USB-C Port & 4 USB Ports $20 Prime shipped (Reg. $25), more Display your new TV w/ the top-rated Cheetah Wall Mount for $18 Prime shipped (Reg. $26) Withings Activité Sapphire Activity + Sleep Tracking Watch: $315 (Reg. $450) Levi’s End of Season Sale takes 40% off already reduced item Games/Apps: Rainbow Six Siege $19, MGS V $8, iOS freebies, more Nuance Dragon for Mac for $40 downloaded (Reg. $90), more Oral-B’s Pro 5000 Bluetooth Electric Toothbrush $60 shipped (Reg. $75+) PowerPak Adjustable Dumbbells & Stand (Prime only) for $199 shipped (Reg. $250+) Brita Slim 5-Cup Water Pitcher w/ 1 Filter from just $6 today at Walmart (Reg. $12+) MORE DEALS STILL LIVE: Sony’s Wireless Bluetooth On-Ear Headphones feature 30-hour battery life, on sale now for $45 shipped (Reg. $70+) Bose SoundTrue Around-Ear iOS Headphones are on sale for $90 shipped (Reg. $115) Start 2017 with a best-selling Withings Wi-Fi Body Composition Scale from $78 shipped at Amazon Get up to 15% off w/ this discounted StubHub Gift Card, more Snag the View-Master Batman Reality Pack for $18 BLACK+DECKER 24″ Cordless Electric Trimmer $88, more 1byone 25-mi. Antenna $9 (Reg. $13) Aukey USB-C Car Charger $13 (Reg. $20), more CaseCrown iPhone 7 cases $4 + $15 MacBook Bags 12+ Cup Coffeemaker $20 Prime shipped Amazon all-time lows on TurboTax 2016 from $30 LG 60-inch 4K TV $600 (Reg. $900+), more LG 65-inch Ultra HDTV: $800 (Reg. $1,000) HP’s Pavilion 32-inch QHD Display has HDMI ports for $300 Make an easy cup of coffee with the Keurig K15 Brewer: $55 Philips Sonicare Series 2 Electric Toothbrush: $30 One year subscription to Forbes magazine today for just $4.50 6-pack BR30 65W Dimmable LED Lights $14 (Reg. $24), more Cleaning supplies/laundry: 81-Pack Tide PODS $13, more Canon’s robust All-in-One Laser Printer w/ AirPrint for $99  Aukey 4.8A Dual Port USB Car Charger $7, more Beyerdynamic DT-1350 Closed-Back Headphones $120, more Bowflex SelectTech 552 Adjustable Dumbbell kit: $236 (Orig. $289) Bluetooth 4.0 Receiver $16 Prime shipped Meet those New Year’s goals w/ up to 35% off NutritionProducts Vansky’s Mood Lighting Strips $10 Prime shipped Anker PowerCore 20100mAh Battery Pack $30, more Philips’ Wakeup Lights from $58 shipped Logitech’s Harmony 700 Universal Remote: $40 Kindle First eBook freebies for January NEW PRODUCTS & MORE: TCL details its 2017 Roku-enabled 4K TV lineup that includes upgraded specs and HDR support Griffin looks to make your morning routine smarter w/ new the Connected Toaster, more Panasonic announces the LUMIX GH5 with 4K 60p/50p recording – preorder now LG tries to take over the world with new lineup of adorable life-size robots for the home, more LG’s latest TV audio solutions include a sound bar that can be separated for surround sound MOLA-UFO is a drone thats fits in the palm of your hand and takes selfies to the next level You absolutely have to check out these custom Air Jordan 4 Super Nintendo sneakers The adorable Kuri smart robot can follow you around or read a bedtime story The Alexa-enabled Vobot Clock is the “first alarm of its kind”, set to be unveiled at CES 2017 Sleep Number’s new iPhone-connected Smart Bed adjusts to your movements Dell’s new 27-inch UltraThin display includes a USB-C hub for MacBook owners TrackR’s new Tile-esque item locators feature Alexa compatibility LG’s new UHD TVs have the “most advanced color-enhancing LCD panel tech to date” LG set to show off its new CordZero Handstick Vacuum at CES Upcoming Kanex Apple Watch charging solutions will have you covered at home and on-the-go Samsung is set to unveil a new line of curved quantum dot displays at CES 2017 Samsung shows off new high resolution speakers with sleek designs before CES 2017 Guides 9to5Toys View THe Guide 9to5Toys Lunch Break View THe Guide Deals View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Skip to content Military Technologies pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 January 20175 January 2017 by Alpine Electronics Debuts In-Dash Receiver with Wireless Apple CarPlay TORRANCE, Calif., Jan. 5, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Alpine Electronics of America, Inc. has introduced the iLX-107, an aftermarket in-dash receiver dedicated to wireless Apple CarPlay. The iLX-107 with 7-inch touch screen will be available for North America and gives drivers an even more convenient way to use Apple CarPlay in their vehicle. The iLX-107 debuted at the 2017 International CES taking place Jan. 5-8 at the Las Vegas Convention Center and was awarded with a CES Innovations Award for outstanding design and engineering in the In-Vehicle Audio/Video category. “Apple CarPlay has been one of the most popular features with our customers and will gain even more fans with the wireless option,” said Steve Crawford, vice president and general manager, Alpine Electronics of America, Inc. “We are excited to deliver the iLX-107 to provide drivers with a seamless transition of their iPhone use in and out of the vehicle without having to connect a cable.”  The iLX-107 is an AM/FM receiver with a 7-inch WVGA capacitive touch screen and LED backlighting for bright visibility. Wireless Apple CarPlay lets iPhone users make and receive calls, access text messages, play music, and get directions optimized for traffic conditions in a way that allows them to stay focused on the road. Apple CarPlay is accessed through the iLX-107’s touch screen or through Siri voice control, and the resulting music, driving directions and phone calls are played through the vehicle’s speaker system. Apple CarPlay is compatible with iPhone 5 and later, including iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus and the latest version of iOS.  Once wireless Apple CarPlay has been set up, the iLX-107 will automatically search for and connect to the most frequently paired iPhone for all subsequent uses. Since the Apple CarPlay connection to the iLX-107 is wireless, there is no need to remove the iPhone from a pocket or purse to use it in the vehicle. The iLX-107 uses the 5 GHz WiFi band to optimize wireless connectivity performance.  The iLX-107 is compatible with the Alpine TuneIt® App, a free smartphone app that provides custom sound tuning for the iLX-107 and other Alpine audio systems. Other iLX-107 features include three (2V) preouts, one aux input, Alpine’s MediaXpander™ technology for improved playback of compressed media, and an input for a rear view camera system (camera system sold separately).  The iLX-107 retains select factory vehicle features when used with an iDatalink® Maestro® module (vehicle specific, sold separately). Users may also view customized vehicle information (selectable gauge screen, parking assist screen, etc.) on the 7-inch display.  The retained features and customized information will vary by vehicle model.  System Expansion Vehicle owners can also use the iLX-107 to control external accessories like a light bar, motorized tonneau cover, or winch when used with the optional KAC-001 External Accessory Controller ($250 SRI, sold separately). The KAC-001 works with up to eight relay-connected accessories which can be controlled from the iLX-107’s touch screen. A graphical icon and name can be assigned to each accessory for quick identification on the touch screen.  Alpine’s Apple CarPlay Lineup The iLX-107 wireless Apple CarPlay system will be available in February for $900 SRI. Alpine offers five other models with wired Apple CarPlay connections, in screen sizes ranging from 7/8/9-inches and priced from $900 to $4,000 SRI. Visit the Store Locator on alpine-usa.com to find the closest authorized Alpine retailer. CarPlay and iPhone are trademarks of Apple, Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. Jeep and Wrangler are registered trademarks of FCA US LLC. iDatalink is a trademark of Automotive Data Solutions, Inc. About Alpine Electronics Alpine Electronics is an automotive electronics manufacturer that provides consumers and leading auto makers with audio, video, navigation and driver assistance products. The company specializes in system integration solutions with innovative vehicle entertainment and information technologies. Alpine’s R&D and manufacturing facilities in Japan, China, Europe and North America ensure that all products address the real world requirements of drivers in each market. The company is committed to developing safe, comfortable and eco-friendly automotive electronics products. For information about Alpine’s aftermarket products, visit www.alpine-usa.com and these social media channels:  Facebook: facebook.com/AlpineUSA, Instagram: instagram.com/AlpineUSA, Twitter: twitter.com/AlpineUSA SOURCE Alpine Electronics of America, Inc. Tagscompany, general, jeep Post navigation Previous PostPrevious New Year's Resolution Idea for 2017: Improve the Way You Engage with Employees Next PostNext Polaroid simplifie la sécurité du domicile avec les nouvelles caméras de sécurité Wi-Fi Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts SonnySave.com Launches New Responsive Website 16 January 2017 Sammy Networks startet Vertrieb von „Ramen Soul” – die englische Version des beliebten Ramen Shop-Managementspiels für Smartphones „Ramen Tamashii” mit über fünf Millionen Downloads 16 January 2017 Chinese Retail Giant Suning Unveils Artificial Intelligence Strategy at CES 16 January 2017 Ecoppia Completes 40MW Deployment in EDF RE /Arava-Power Middle Eastern Solar Park 16 January 2017 San Francisco Certified Auto Body Shop Collision Repair Service Update Launched 16 January 2017 Staten Island Magician Ventriloquist Birthday Party Magic Show Services Launched 16 January 2017 Clean and Clear Earns Esteemed 2016 Angie's List Super Service Award 16 January 2017 Las Vegas MMA Personal Training Get Fit Gym CrossFit Problems Report Launched 16 January 2017 Mueller Sports Medicine Introduces Omniforce Support Garments 16 January 2017 Orthofix International NV (NASDAQ:OFIX) Investor Investigation over potential Wrongdoing 16 January 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
SiliconValley.com Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS   Social Web Mobile Cloud Gadgets Cleantech VC Data Games Policy Media   Apple removes New York Times apps in China in latest example of tech obstacles there By Levi Sumagaysay / January 5, 2017 at 11:07 AM Bowing to China’s demands, Apple has removed apps by the New York Times from its app store there. It’s another reminder of the complicated issues Silicon Valley tech companies face in that country — the world’s most populous nation, which most global companies can’t afford to ignore — and the continued strengthening of what has become known as the Great Firewall of China. “For some time now the New York Times app has not been permitted to display content to most users in China and we have been informed that the app is in violation of local regulations,” Fred Sainz, an Apple spokesman, told the New York Times. “When this situation changes, the App Store will once again offer the New York Times app for download in China.” China began blocking the New York Times online in 2012, when the newspaper reported about the hidden family wealth of former Prime Minister Wen Jaibao. The country has also blocked other the websites of other publications, such as Bloomberg News, Reuters and others. Apple removed both the English- and Chinese-language versions of the New York Times apps; the newspaper notes that other international publications’ apps are still available in Apple’s App Store in China. Not surprisingly, Apple is facing criticism for removing the New York Times apps, including from the newspaper itself, which says it’s asking the company to reconsider. In addition, some experts, including one quoted by the New York Times, say it’s worrisome that Apple has not disclosed which laws China says it’s violating. That makes it harder to figure out what to appeal. Google and Yahoo have grappled with Chinese censorship for years. Google, the world’s largest search engine, has not operated in mainland China since 2010, although there are times when breaches occur and it becomes accessible there. Yahoo famously turned over email information of a couple of journalists who were jailed by the Chinese government. Twitter and Facebook are officially banned in China, although Chinese citizens access those social networks using virtual private networks. The head of Twitter’s China operation just left the company, although Twitter says it will keep its Hong Kong office open. Facebook reportedly has built censorship software to use in that country, although the company says it hasn’t decided on its “approach to China.” Meanwhile, Netflix, the Silicon Valley-based entertainment provider that has expanded to many countries around the world, seems to have given up on China for the moment. CEO Reed Hastings said in October that “it doesn’t look good” for the company’s prospects in that nation. Apple itself has had its movie-service dreams dashed there, when China shut down its iTunes Movies and iBooks services in April. Soon after that happened, famed activist investor Carl Icahn dumped all his shares in Apple, saying he was worried about its the company’s future in China — and causing the company’s shares to sink. Last year, Icahn referred to China’s “attitude” as a problem for Apple — besides censorship, other issues of concern include increasingly tight regulations and rising competition from Chinese companies. That “attitude” is a longtime problem for Silicon Valley and other U.S. companies and isn’t likely to go away anytime soon, and could be exacerbated by President-elect Donald Trump’s already contentious relationship with China.   Photo: The Apple logo hangs on the Apple Store on Fifth Avenue on August 5, 2015 in New York City. (Andrew Burton/Getty Images) Share this: Email Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Reddit Google More Pinterest Tumblr   Tags: App Store, Apple, apps, censorship, China, New York Times   More Posts in GMSV On topic: Tech news to know now January 13, 2017   Trump’s tweets: L.L. Bean boycott, plus should Mexico buy Twitter and shut it down? January 13, 2017   Off topic: Phone booth for grieving, parkour as sport, McDonald’s near the Vatican, real and robot monkeys January 13, 2017       Share this Post Tweet           About SiliconBeat Sign up for the Good Morning Silicon Valley newsletter GMSV     Tweets from @siliconbeat/siliconbeat   Popular Posts In San Jose, it takes 182 percent of annual income to cover… Google and Facebook gave more to Republicans than to… Chatting with Mountain View’s Lenny Siegel: on… Google HR chief Laszlo Bock leaving to launch startup Trump’s tweets: L.L. Bean boycott, plus should Mexico…     Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005   Related Feeds 60-Second Business Break Green Energy News Opinion Personal Tech Venture Capital                       Education WordPress Theme by Copyright © 2017 Bay Area News Group. All Rights Reserved   Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Accessibility links Skip to main content Keyboard shortcuts for audio player View Navigation NPR NPR NPR Music NPR Books NPR About NPRPodcast Directory Search Toggle search NPR Home News Arts & Life Music Topics Programs & Podcasts NPR Music Genres New Music Concerts & Videos Articles & Lists Tiny Desk NPR Books Author Interviews Find Books Reviews About NPR Overview Connect Support Press Careers Podcast Directory Categories Shop Back News U.S. World Politics Business Technology Science Health Race & Culture Education Arts & Life Books Movies Pop Culture Food Art & Design Performing Arts Photography Music First Listen Songs We Love Music Articles Tiny Desk Videos More Our Blogs Corrections All About NPR Back News & Conversations Morning Edition All Things Considered Fresh Air Here & Now 1A Code Switch Embedded Latino USA NPR Politics Podcast On Point Weekend Edition Saturday Weekend Edition Sunday Youth Radio Storytelling & Humor Ask Me Another The Best Of Car Talk The Big Listen Bullseye Hidden Brain How I Built This Invisibilia Only A Game Planet Money Pop Culture Happy Hour Radio Ambulante StoryCorps TED Radio Hour Wait Wait...Don't Tell Me! Music First Listen All Songs Considered Songs We Love Tiny Desk Alt.Latino From The Top Jazz Night In America Metropolis Mountain Stage Piano Jazz The Thistle & Shamrock World Cafe More All Programs Podcast Directory NPR Podcasts Back Rock Pop Jazz Classical Hip-Hop R&B/Soul Folk Latin World Electronic/Dance Back First Listen Songs We Love All Songs Considered Reviews Music Videos Back Tiny Desk Live Concerts Field Recordings Studio Sessions Music Documentaries Music Videos Festival Recordings Back Articles Interviews Quizzes Music Lists Best Music of the Year Back Art & Design Arts & Entertainment Biography & Memoir Business & Economy Children's Books Comedy Comics & Graphic Novels Digital Culture Faith & Spirituality Food & Wine History & Society Historical Fiction Horror & Supernatural Literary Fiction Mystery & Thrillers Parenting & Families Poetry Politics & Public Affairs Romance Science Fiction & Fantasy Science & Health Sports Travel Young Adult Nonfiction Fiction Back Book Reviews This Week's Must Read My Guilty Pleasure Three Books... PG-13: Risky Reads You Must Read This Summer Books Best Books of the Year Back Overview Overview and History Mission and Vision Stations and Public Media NPR Finances People Ethics Awards Back Visit NPR NPR Presents Studio 1 Events Generation Listen Book a Speaker Request Permissions Ways to Listen NPR Extra Blog Email Newsletters Shop NPR Get Help Contact Us Back Support Public Radio Corporate Sponsorship Volunteer Back Releases and Statements Photos and Logos Fact Sheet (PDF) Media Relations Contacts Back Careers at NPR Search Jobs Culture Applying Interns Fellows Digital Back Arts Business Comedy Education Games & Hobbies Government & Organizations Health Kids & Family Music News & Politics Religion & Spirituality Science & Medicine Society & Culture Sports & Recreation Technology TV & Film Apple Pulls 'The New York Times' From Its App Store In China Listen · 2:57 2:57 Toggle more options Download Embed Embed <iframe src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/508352372/508408541" width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" title="NPR embedded audio player"> Transcript Apple Pulls 'The New York Times' From Its App Store In China 2:57 The Two-Way Breaking News From NPR America International Economy Must Reads Contact Us Follow Facebook International Apple Pulls 'The New York Times' From Its App Store In China Apple Pulls 'The New York Times' From Its App Store In China Listen · 2:57 2:57 Toggle more options Download Embed Embed <iframe src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/508352372/508408541" width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" title="NPR embedded audio player"> Transcript Facebook Twitter Google+ Email January 5, 20171:49 PM ET Heard on All Things Considered Alina Selyukh Twitter Enlarge this image A user in Beijing looks at The New York Times app on an iPhone. Fred Dufour/AFP/Getty Images hide caption toggle caption Fred Dufour/AFP/Getty Images A user in Beijing looks at The New York Times app on an iPhone. Fred Dufour/AFP/Getty Images Citing local regulations, Apple has removed The New York Times news app from its app store in China. The incident is the latest in the long history of media restrictions in the country, but also in the ongoing pattern of tech companies getting involved in the efforts. The New York Times reports that Apple removed both its English-language and Chinese-language apps from the app store in China on Dec. 23, though other prominent publications such as The Wall Street Journal and The Financial Times as well as the Times' crossword puzzle and virtual-reality apps remain available. All Tech Considered Internet Freedom Wanes As Governments Target Messaging, Social Apps Along with other websites, the Times has faced restrictions for years. The site has been subject of blocks since 2012, when the newspaper reported on the wealth amassed by the family of the then-prime minister. Apple did not explain Thursday what distinguished the Times from other outlets. Spokesman Fred Sainz shared a statement: "For some time now the New York Times app has not been permitted to display content to most users in China and we have been informed that the app is in violation of local regulations. As a result, the app must be taken down off the China App Store. When this situation changes, the App Store will once again offer the New York Times app for download in China." Sainz did not elaborate on what legal standard was applied to warrant the removal of the news app, but the Times suggested it was under 2016 regulations issued for mobile apps: "The regulations say apps cannot 'engage in activities prohibited by laws and regulations such as endangering national security, disrupting social order and violating the legitimate rights and interests of others.' The cyberspace administration says on its website that apps also cannot publish 'prohibited information." Article continues after sponsorship Over the years, numerous publications have faced blackouts in China, including Bloomberg, Time and The Economist. Users in China sometimes use software to circumvent the government's firewall to surf the Web and access blocked sites. For tech companies, China is a massive, lucrative market and a major manufacturing hub, but operations there are tricky. Sites such as Facebook, Twitter and Google have been restricted. Apple's own iBooks and iTunes Movies were blocked, as well, not long after they were introduced. Parallels In China, A Battle Uber Didn't Win For Apple, China is a key production location and sales market. But iPhone sales have slumped there in recent years. In May, Apple invested $1 billion in Chinese ride-hailing app Didi Chuxing. The company has, in the past, removed other media apps from its App Store, but none as prominent as The Times, according to the newspaper. And it's far from the first time that a tech company cooperated with the Chinese government to suppress content, as the industry generally complies with local regulations around the world. In 2016, The New York Times reported that Facebook quietly developed software that could prevent posts from appearing in people's news feeds in specific parts of China, going further than the typical practice by U.S. Internet companies to block certain content after it's posted. The newspaper also reported, just last month, on "a hidden bounty of perks, tax breaks and subsidies in China that supports the world's biggest iPhone factory" — billions of dollars' worth of incentives at the heart of Apple's phone production. In 2014, the radio program Marketplace reported on LinkedIn censoring posts from its members that were deemed sensitive by China's government. In 2010, Google altered how users in China could access the site as it faced possible loss of license to operate in the country. The Two-Way Beijing Says Apple's iPhone 6 Violates Chinese Design Patent Perhaps the most notorious case dates back to early 2000s, when Chinese authorities arrested and imprisoned dissidents, including a Chinese journalist, based on evidence provided by Yahoo. Yahoo settled a lawsuit by the dissidents' families in 2007. In 2005, Yahoo bought what later became its most valuable asset: a stake in a Chinese e-commerce site Alibaba. China New York Times Apple App Store Facebook Twitter Google+ Email The Two-Way Breaking News From NPR The Two-Way Breaking News From NPR About The Two-Way is the place to come for breaking news, analysis and for stories that are just too interesting – or too entertaining – to pass up. Get in touch with your questions, comments and leads. Subscribe Follow Bill Follow Camila Follow Colin Follow Merrit Facebook RSS NPR Twitter Follow @NPR NPR thanks our sponsors Become an NPR sponsor Homepage News U.S. World Politics Business Technology Science Health Race & Culture Education Arts & Life Books Movies Pop Culture Food Art & Design Performing Arts Photography Music First Listen Songs We Love Music Articles Tiny Desk Videos Programs About NPR Overview NPR Finances People at NPR Support NPR Visit NPR Press Room NPR Extra Blog Careers at NPR Corrections NPR Ombudsman Permissions Help Contact Terms of Use Privacy Sponsorship Choices Text-Only
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Opinion: Does Apple need to make an Amazon Echo/Google Home speaker, or just make Siri better? Trending in Apple 10 years on, how the iPhone changed our lives, reactions from the 9to5Mac team Trending in Apple Apple’s AirPods and the best cord-free competition compared Trending in Apple 2017 & Beyond: What’s next for Mac, and what of its longer-term future? Trending in Apple Comment: OWC’s ‘DEC’ attachment highlights the portability progress Apple has made with the MacBook Pro Trending in Apple Opinion: Why the LG 5K UltraFine isn’t the MacBook Pro display I’m looking for January 5 AAPL: 116.61 0.59 iOS 10 now installed on 76% of active devices, according to Apple’s stats Benjamin Mayo - Jan. 5th 2017 11:37 am PT @bzamayo iOS 10 View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple has updated its iOS 10 usage statistics, which tracks the operating system version used by iPhone, iPad and iPod touch devices that visit the App Store. The company now says that more than three quarters of the iOS device user base are running iOS 10, at 76%, with iOS 9 sitting at 18%. This is an increase of more than 13 percentage points since the chart was last updated in late November. Apple has previously said that iOS 10 had the highest adoption rate ever of any release. iOS 10 debuted on September 13, 2016 with many new features including a revamped Messages experience, iMessage apps, redesigned Maps and Music, a new Home app and much more. An adoption rate of 76% in under 4 months is very impressive and bests the record set by iOS 9. Analytics firm Fiksu says that iOS 10 is installed on 83% of active devices, 114 days after release. Third-party trackers — which analyze mobile web browsing statistics — typically report higher numbers than Apple’s App Store analysis which is more conservative. Apple’s chart shows that iOS 9 continues to be used by 18% of the iOS base with 6% on iOS 8 or older. Stale devices make up the majority of these percentages; older Apple hardware that cannot update to iOS 10. Apple does not breakdown usage of the point releases beyond the major versions; the latest release of Apple’s mobile operating system is iOS 10.2. iOS 10.2.1 is currently in beta and Apple is rumored to start seeding iOS 10.3 for testing as soon as next week. iOS 10 is compatible with iPhone 5 and later, iPad mini 2 and later and the 6th generation iPod touch. Apple’s newest devices, like the iPhone 7, come preinstalled with iOS 10 … which helps boost adoption numbers going forward. Guides iOS 10 iOS 10 is the latest operating system for Apple's iPhone and iPad, slated to be released to the public in the fall of 2016 View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Appy new year! Apple's App Store generated $20 BILLION for developers in 2016 - and customers spent $240 million on New Year's Day  40% increase from 2015 boosted by big name games App Store sales topped more than $3 billion in December after the launch of Nintendo Co Ltd's Super Mario Run By Reuters Published: 09:30 EST, 5 January 2017 | Updated: 18:32 EST, 5 January 2017 e-mail 6 shares 2 View comments Apple has revealed its App Store generated $20 billion for developers in 2016, a 40 percent increase from 2015, helped by the popularity of games such as Pokemon Go and Super Mario Run and increased revenue from subscriptions. App Store sales topped more than $3 billion in December, helped by the launch of Nintendo Co Ltd's Super Mario Run, which was downloaded more than 40 million times in the first four days after its launch. Nintendo's Pokemon Go was also the most downloaded application in 2016. Super Mario Run hit 25 million downloads just four days after its Dec. 15 release in 151 countries on Apple Inc's App Store, earning gross sales of about $21 million, showed data from app analyst Sensor Tower APPY NEW YEAR  Apple said customers spent nearly $240 million on apps and in-app purchases on New Year's Day, the biggest sales day ever.  App Store sales topped more than $3 billion in December, helped by the launch of Nintendo Co Ltd's Super Mario Run, which was downloaded more than 40 million times in the first four days after its launch.  Billings from popular subscription-based apps such as Netflix, HBO Now and MLB.com At Bat jumped 74 percent to $2.7 billion in 2016. Apple said customers spent nearly $240 million on apps and in-app purchases on New Year's Day, the biggest sales day ever. App sales in China jumped 90 percent last year, Apple said without providing details. Apple said on Thursday it had removed the New York Times Co's English- and Chinese-language news apps from its iTunes store in China at the request of local authorities. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Toxic pollutants could be turning polar bears into... Look up tonight! Dazzling Northern Lights display could... Alexa goes everywhere (and can even now order you a... Samsung unveils quantum dot TV it claims can show 'perfect'... Share this article Share Apple's own iBooks and iTunes Movies stores have been blocked since April as Chinese authorities worry about social disorder, moral harm and threats to national security. Super Mario Run hit 40 million downloads just four days after its Dec. 15 release in 151 countries on Apple Inc's App Store, earning gross sales of about $21 million, showed data from app analyst Sensor Tower. But Nintendo shares have lost 11 percent since the launch as the latest game to feature Nintendo's princess-rescuing Italian plumber received negative reviews from users mainly complaining about its $9.99 one-time cost, rather than the usual model of paying small amounts for special features. 'Super Mario Run broke through the previous record on the App Store and set up an incredible record of more than 40 million downloads in only 4 days,' said Phil Schiller, Senior Vice President, Worldwide Marketing, Apple, USA. According to Nintendo, Super Mario Run is now the number one free game on the app store in 140 countries, and is among the top 10 money-earning games. It is free to download, but users can unlock more content by paying a one-time $9.99 fee. 'Mario is arguably the most popular gaming franchise in the world, yet we see only about 8 percent of those who try the game actually purchasing it,' said Sensor Tower analyst Spencer Gabriel. 'I don't think this is a statement on the game's quality ... but rather the perceived value when compared to free-to-play games that offer much more content with optional microtransactions that enable players to experience it sooner.' But in Japan, it is rated just 2.5 stars out of 5 based on 1,095 reviews. 'This is a fee app disguised as a free app,' wrote reviewer Racing Game Guy. 'You need to pay after playing for 10 minutes. I don't mind paying but the fee is a bit big. It's a disappointment after waiting with so much expectation.'  Nintendo belatedly decided to enter smartphone gaming after resisting initial pressure from shareholders concerned about that segment's threat to its core console gaming business.     Share or comment on this article e-mail 6 shares Most watched News videos Gloria Williams waves extradition for kidnapping Kamiyah Mobley Kitesurfer unaware of great white shark swimming below Disgusting moment cyst puss eruption covers cell phone Enraged kick-boxer strikes husband's mistress NINE times 2017's luckiest man: Pedro Grendene Bartelle win's $3.5m Man takes his cat Weston Sledding in the snow Sheep attack shepherd after being frightened by a car in Germany She's falling for him? Girl gets 'pushed off ledge in prank' video NYPD searching for six teens who beat up a woman in Brooklyn Black PhD student is beaten and cuffed by police Female bullfighter is mounted by young bull Legal implications for Gloria Williams who kidnapped Kamiyah Mobley 'Liberal snowflake' Hollywood stars come under fire for... US Army soldier based at Fort Hood is found dead - making... Opera star Andrea Bocelli backs out of singing at Trump's... Did she know? Cops says teen suspected she was kidnapped as... Reunited at last! Teen meets her biological parents for... You're hired: Two soldiers do their best Donald Trump and... Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his... 'I was in a bathrobe NAKED underneath and they pushed me... Full-time royal Prince William will do LESS than his father:... Did D.B. Cooper work for BOEING? New analysis found on... Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors... 'I'm not talking about pee-pee': Alec Baldwin mercilessly... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● Comments (2) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read First came Fitbit exercise trackers for humans... now 'Fitbark' claims to be the way to get your FAT FIDO... The MEGASHARK died out because it was a picky eater: Researchers say megalodon was unable to change its diet... Our microbe ancestors revealed: Scientists may have finally found where complex life came from What Earth will look like in 250 million years: Simulations show new MEGACONTINENT called Amasia... Incredible images reveal how eruptions from Alaska's Bogoslof volcano have transformed the island in just... Is this how the dinosaurs REALLY died out? Researchers reconstruct the dark and frozen conditions on Earth... Screen time is GOOD for teen brains: Why 257 minutes is the 'sweet spot' before computers damage mental... What's REALLY in your sushi? Study finds almost half of fish are mislabeled in restaurants Can YOU recognise cities around the world just by sound? Fascinating interactive quiz may baffle even... Want to stick to your New Year resolutions? Move house, say scientists  Breakthrough in fixing a broken heart: Researchers use stem cells to regenerate the outer layer of organ in... SpaceX finances 'on a knife edge' following disastrous rocket explosion - and Elon Musk is relying on... Android inventor Andy Rubin to take on Apple and Google with new smartphone and 'home AI' products ISIS is increasingly modifying home drones to drop bombs - and US troops say they now see them in Mosul... Space mountain: Astronaut shares stunning out of this world shot of the Rockies from the ISS MORE HEADLINES The biggest storm in the universe: Stunning new NASA image reveals Jupiter's 'great red spot' megastorm in unprecedented detail Is this how the dinosaurs REALLY died out? Researchers reconstruct the dark and frozen conditions on Earth after asteroid megastrike Incredible images reveal how eruptions from Alaska's Bogoslof volcano have transformed the island in just two decades The MEGASHARK died out because it was a picky eater: Researchers say megalodon was unable to change its diet after its favourite whales died out ISIS is increasingly modifying home drones to drop bombs - and US troops say they now see them in Mosul every DAY You've been feeding your cat wrong: Scientists say you should give it food 5 TIMES a day to stop it getting fat Is it really worth paying £280 for the Switch? MailOnline gives its verdict on Nintendo's latest console Our microbe ancestors revealed: Scientists may have finally found where complex life came from The terrifying moment a rattlesnake attacks a rat is captured in slow-motion for the first time Breakthrough in fixing a broken heart: Researchers use stem cells to regenerate the outer layer of organ in groundbreaking research Did complex life come from BACTERIA? Researchers say virus infections could have sparked them being reprogrammed to become animal cells MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 The May-December duo PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th She has three young children Church time! Gwen Stefani, 47,  is a model mom in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Quality family time Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport on Sunday Katie Holmes and daughter Suri don floral ensembles to shop for groceries The 38-year-old actress filled her shopping cart with essentials  One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proves you don't need a bikini to look sexy 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher In mourning for her mother and grandmother Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed Revenge body! Bella Hadid flaunts her model figure as she joins sister Gigi for boxing workout after ex The Weeknd hooks up with Selena Gomez Sunday Funday! Julianne Hough steps out in fluffy white jacket with striped shirt and blue jeans in Hollywood She's usually seen in her beloved active wear 'A brotherhood beyond basketball': Lamar Odom spends time with NBA pals after leaving rehab and finalizing divorce from Khloe Kardashian A boy's best friend! Madonna shares candid snap of her son David Banda resting with their puppy Olga Sweet picture shows him relaxing at home Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress in Dubai She's officially back at work Revealed: Kim Kardashian told police how masked thug grabbed her while she was NAKED under bathrobe during $10m Paris robbery  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape 'I am incredibly sorry for my actions': Meghan Markle's half-brother apologizes to his family for drunken incident that saw him put a gun to his girlfriend's head  Going strong! Patrick Dempsey and longtime wife Jillian look in-sync as jet into Los Angeles...after calling off divorce  Enjoying reconciliation Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daughter Daisy is just three months old Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  Is making a comeback Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Surprising her beau  Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Wowed in Italy  'I don't want to be at the center of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns on Vogue Australia cover Packing up! Anti-Trump protesters plan demonstration outside the New York City home of Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner to 'Help Ivanka Move'  Awkward! All three of Status Quo rocker Rick Parfitt's wives plan to say a last farewell at his funeral on Thursday  The star will be laid to rest on Thursday  'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans on Twitter after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Was hospitalized after nasty incident  Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Shared the sultry shots on social media  Ronnie Wood's twin girls, their mother and Emma Bunton join Geri Horner for her baby shower  Star-studded showing at the ex-Spice Girl's party 'I'm a human vacuum cleaner!' Jessica Biel jokes she survives on son Silas's leftovers by 'shoveling the last few bites off his plate' It's all she gets! Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his girlfriend to Duchess of Cambridge at Kensington Palace'  Also met Charlotte  Want some presidential neighbors? House just one block away from the Obamas and Ivanka's future homes in a DC suburb hits market for $5.75m 'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss Hello YELLOW! It lit up the red carpet at the Golden Globes and Emma Stone's dress in La La Land made quite a splash, now you can brighten your wardrobe Are Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi moving to Australia? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of a $5.8  mansion down under 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal - but still won't do as much as his 68-year-old father  Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend True story about three black mathematicians  The Queen and Prince Philip are joined by Lord Snowdon's son as they attend church at Sandringham - just two days after the royal photographer's death Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London Taylor Swift's ex My nerve-shredding odyssey to adopt my little girl: As Nicole Kidman's new movie highlights India's orphanages, one mother shares her story 'I'm not talking about pee-pee': Alec Baldwin mercilessly mocks Trump over Russian golden shower scandal with stream of bathroom humor jokes on SNL Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors 'bullied' Donald Trump during the election Words of support from the actress  Wrestling legend Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies aged 73 days after murder charge was dropped over death of his ex-girlfriend  He had stomach cancer 'He wants to be emperor': How Mark Zuckerberg 'quotes Greek legend' to Facebook staff as friends say he is primed to run for president in 2024 'People need to see a new side to pregnancy': Pregnant lesbian hits out at online bullies who criticized her for looking 'masculine' and wearing 'boy clothes'  How to dress like a grown up: Dry January should apply to clothes shopping too!  Your wardrobe is a team - all items must work together to survive 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce 'We are beautiful the way we are': Photographer captures images of 40 'real' women in their underwear in bid to change perceptions  Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga Kylie proves she's a cheap date PJ-clad Jessica Alba kisses husband Cash Warren at his birthday bash The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee puckered up Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Celebrating Cash Warren's 38th birthday  'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party Best of friends Lawyer turned Instagram star Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try and get the perfect beach shot  How to look as good as the French in lingerie: The secret's a whole new way of thinking about your body shape  In Paris, lingerie is not just underwear  A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski She confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot Sneak peek 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Celebs celebrate the closure of Ringling Bros. circus with PETA activist Pamela Anderson claiming victory that the 'saddest show on earth' is finishing after 146 years   Couples reveal what changed most after they moved in together (and their sometimes bizarre ways of making their relationships work)   She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot Posing up a storm It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai She is doing a make-up tutorial in the Middle East Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as Mercedes is set to clarify its position on Valterri Bottas' proposed switch  Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall  She's always camera-ready Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad F1 heiress Nip and tuck with Dr Tracy Mountford: Is there such a thing as a non-surgical eyelift?   Often, a surgical eyelift or a brow lift (or a gives the most long-lasting result Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool Soccer game outing 'Disclaimer: I am not Deadpool!' Meet the OTHER Ryan Reynolds, a 29-year-old mayor of a tiny village in upstate New York He's not the actor Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon turns 36 next month PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee shared a clip Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings The 19-year-old actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes How YOU can shift your midlife middle! FEMAIL meets the trainer who says she has the secret, especially if you hate the gym, and promises results in SEVEN days Judy Garland slashed her own throat with a razor in the grip of chronic drug addiction, reveals her ex-husband  Sid Luft once found her semiconscious Anguish for George Michael's family as police hunt for more visitors to star's home before his death and former lover reveals addiction to COCA-COLA 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Motherhood secrets Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu Saturday night in California 'Do you love her and do you know she wants to marry you?' How President Obama's advice for marital bliss brought together two grooms  Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her niece to a day out Wealthy Chinese and Russian couples snap up replicas of Princess Diana's sapphire and diamond engagement ring  Orders have soared Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Outside LA's Catch  He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Has been enjoying time across the pond and a break from social media How Melania Trump dazzled her way to the (very) White House: Glamorous Slovenian has been rehearsing for years to become America's First Lady 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Was a 'joint' shindig  Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream Family shopping trip  Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'Observe the moment you feel truly happy': Chloe Lattanzi pens inspirational quote while flaunting cleavage after $415,000 Barbie doll transformation Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   With Italian reality star Tommaso Zorzi Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic Married to Justin Timberlake Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City At the airport Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Heading out to Bootsy Bellows on the Sunset Strip Piers Morgan will interview former Ukip leader Nigel Farage on Life Stories... and declares that it will be the 'best TV' viewers have ever seen Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello 'Happy birthday, Uncle!' Chris Hemsworth's four-year-old daughter makes a cute card for uncle Liam as the actor celebrates turning 27  Messages poured in  Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Downton Abbey actress Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run Young model admits Crohn's disease has 'torn apart' her life - as she says the debilitating illness has caused her to lose her social life, car and even her career Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admits she was 'nervous' about the gig Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA The former Days Of Our Lives actress  Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family Woman in white! Zoe Kravitz keeps it crisp at Elle's Women in Television event as she displays her svelte figure in an all-white ensemble from tip to toe Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzle in black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Candace Cameron Bure showcases new darker auburn locks in plunging gown at Hallmark party The actress showcased her stunning new hair  'Falcons got Future!' Ciara's ex pops up on the sidelines as her husband Russell Wilson plays losing NFL game A photo emerged on Twitter  'He's our little mascot': Dev Patel reveals the close bond he developed with eight-year-old Sunny Pawar on the set of Lion  Lot of love Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills Almost Famous star opted for comfort  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA The Baby singer wore a Supreme sweatshirt 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Flaunted her fabulous physique  Julianne Hough puts her abs on display in red sports bra as she and brother Derek hit the gym Are a pair of very toned siblings  Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration Stunned in black  Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Couple showed off their outlandish get-ups  'Good luck daddy' Tom Brady shares a sweet kiss with his daughter ahead of critical Patriots game His own little good luck charm  Smitten by the fantasy castle in Kate and Wills' Alpine playground: Why this gorgeous 'palace-rated' hotel in glitzy Courchevel is the stuff of dreams From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market New film xXx: Return of Xander Cage is out 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to newborn daughter Dream and King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Shared the endearing clip with her fans Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Pair announced exciting news on Instagram  EXCLUSIVE: Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to his girlfriend's head 'in violent, drunken row' Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Opera star Andrea Bocelli backs out of singing at Trump's inauguration after receiving death threats Was rumored to be one of the acts performing  Spot the rock! Kate Mara flashes ring as it emerges she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell The band was glinting on her left hand  'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Sneak peak Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets to getting the reality star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Joined ladies of the small screen Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy NYC after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Supportive family unit 'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session Has radiant skin 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' Did she break the rules? Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Italy Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spent some quality time with her children  Channing Tatum and wife Jenna Dewan coordinate in baseball hats with jeans while running errands with daughter Everly, three Enjoyed family time  'Revenge Body? It's a no from me': Young woman who battled an eating disorder for six years says Khloe Kardashian's new show is 'a step backward'  Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Scary realization  Fits like a glove! Viola Davis stuns in form-fitting teal dress during the London preview of Fences Golden Globe winner can command attention Back to where it all began! Megan Marx and Tiffany Scanlon confirm they are moving to Bali together as they reveal their unusual packing list PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Returned from vacation 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Richard Gere and longtime friend the Dalai Lama are spotted in deep conversation in India on the final day of religious event Kalachakra She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Sneak peak for the sequel released  'I don't apologize': Toby Keith defends his decision to perform at Donald Trump's  inauguration... as Jennifer Holliday backs out Mad about plaid! Melissa McCarthy, 46, shows off thinner frame in bright pantsuit as she reacts to Gilmore Girls' shocking conclusion Press tour  Susan Sarandon looks chic in all black as she attends panel for docu-series Killing Richard Glossip  Hit the stage as part of the panel  Blushing beauty! Karrueche Tran shows off feminine style in pleated dress as she joins Claws co-stars at the TNT TCAs Stunning shape  Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Rocked a knitted top Celebrities come under fire from Trump supporters for 'pathetic' and 'uncool' video singing 'I Will Survive' before the Donald's inauguration Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Covered up for a change! Ariel Winter dresses down in casual white tee to take care of morning chores Took a step back from her provocative snaps  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  Knowles... Run The World!  Beyonce and Solange go will compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Sisters are slaying! Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Partying up a storm  Victoria's Secret supermodel Karlie Kloss is heading back to Australia as it's announced she will make her runway debut for David Jones So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of notes from an ATM near his Kensington home  Revealed, Lulu's guilty pleasure... HEAVY METAL: Scottish pop icon plans to unleash her inner rock goddess  She's even considered the different career path Kelly Rowland is relaxed in jeans and a sweater as she totes son Titan during lunch outing in Beverly Hills She is set to be a judge on The Voice Australia  How DID photographer Harry Benson get Donald Trump to look like a million dollars and make monkeys out of The Beatles? By being the original... Flash Harry LIZ JONES: Trust me Madonna, Cheryl and Wendi Deng, you'll NEVER find true love with a toy boy  Madonna's new toy boy, , is 32 years her junior. 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Mark Hamill reads Donald Trump tweet using The Joker voice in hilarious audio clip after Meryl Streep Golden Globes speech Why so serious, Don? Date night! Ireland Baldwin holds hands with boyfriend Noah Schweizer in West Hollywood while showing off her long legs in mini skirt From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Is it really worth paying £280 for the Switch? MailOnline gives its verdict on Nintendo's latest console While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story College student, 19, survives car crash that killed her best friend by clinging onto a tree for TWELVE HOURS in freezing temperatures before swimming across flowing creek at daybreak to get help  203 comments SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Gaming News Game Reviews Game Trailers GR Originals Strategy Guides Hot Topics: Nintendo Switch Destiny Mass Effect Andromeda PS4 Pro Xbox One PC Pokemon GO Helps App Store Revenues Increase to $20 Billion By Jasmine Henry | 1 week ago  Apple reveals that App Store revenues rose by 40 percent to $20 billion in 2016, and that Pokemon GO and Super Mario Run were significant factors in that. Augmented reality game Pokemon GO was a roaring success in 2016. Not only was the game – which allows players to catch ’em all in real life – downloaded over 500 million times, but it was also a serious money maker. While the game made $200 million in its first month, the free-to-play app likely ended the year having made substantially more from its microtransactions, as Apple now says that the title was a key factor in the increase of App Store revenues. Apple has now reported (via CNBC) that in 2016, App Store revenues rose by 40% to a massive $20 billion. Apple makes approximately 30 cents for each dollar spent on the marketplace, and an analyst estimates that Apple itself made $8 billion from the App Store in 2016. Calling 2016 an “amazingly great year for the App Store,” Philip Schiller, Apple’s senior vice president of worldwide marketing says that Pokemon GO was one of the biggest drivers of this increased figure. Schiller also highlighted Nintendo’s new mobile game, Super Mario Run, as another key reason for that revenue growth. Although the game has only been available since December, analysts estimate that Super Mario Run has been downloaded more than 40 million times, and has made tens of millions of dollars through full game unlocks, as players pay $10 to access all of its gameplay features. As it has now been revealed that Super Mario Run was the most downloaded app on Christmas Day, these figures no longer seem like such a surprise. 2016 may have been a standout year, but 2017 has also been a positive money-making year for Apple so far, as on January 1, 2017, users spent a “record” $240 million on the App Store. While it’s unclear how much of that was spent on Pokemon GO (perhaps as a result of the Pokemon GO holiday update) or Super Mario Run, Apple does say that the “top grossing” markets are the United States, the United Kingdom, China and Japan, with these regions seeing a 90% growth year-on-year. It’s difficult to predict whether 2017 will be another landmark year for Apple and whether any game will be able to replicate Pokemon GO‘s success. The Pokemon Company has outlined several reasons for Pokemon GO‘s success, including the fact that it is a cross-generational hit and that social media interest also played its part too. Pokemon GO could be one of a kind, or upcoming releases such as Nintendo’s Animal Crossing and Fire Emblem mobile games could do one better. Either way, it will be exciting to see how things unfold. Pokemon GO is available now on iOS and Android. tags: App Store, Apple, iOS, Mobile, Niantic, Nintendo, Pokemon, Pokemon GO, The Pokemon Company Game Title Pokemon GO Platform Android, ios Publisher Niantic Developer Niantic Release Jul 06, 2016 Load Comments Latest Features Latest News Latest Reviews Latest Videos © 2009-2016 Game Rant, LLC ABOUT CONTACT US PRIVACY POLICY COPYRIGHT ADVERTISE
Computing Mobile Internet Gaming Electronics Extreme Deep Dives Deals About ExtremeTech ET Forums Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Home Extreme Ford, Toyota to challenge Apple CarPlay, Android Auto Ford, Toyota to challenge Apple CarPlay, Android Auto By Bill Howard on January 5, 2017 at 1:00 pm Comment Ford and Toyota’s quest to offer an alternative to Apple CarPlay and Android Auto got more serious with the announcement this week at CES that a bunch of smaller fry climbed onto the SmartDeviceLink bandwagon — particularly Mazda and Subaru, along with brands not currently sold in the US, such as Citroen, DS, Peugeot, and Suzuki. Several audio equipment suppliers also signed on. What Ford and Toyota are proposing Most every 2017 car can play music on your phone through the car’s head unit, using the center stack and steering wheel controls. SmartDeviceLink is an alternative way of connecting the apps on smartphones for automakers who want to a) give customers more choice and b) don’t want to find their infotainment worlds controlled by Apple and Alphabet / Google. Wednesday’s announcement establishes the SmartDeviceLink Consortium, a non-profit group that will manage the open source software in SmartDeviceLink. Ford’s AppLink, a part of Ford Sync, is the underlying software in SmartDeviceLink. Ford deeded AppLink to the open source community in 2013. The idea is individual automakers can then build their own center stack display interfaces that look and feel different, while still retaining the voice and instrument panel controls already created by SDL. Right now, Apple CarPlay looks about the same on a $25,000 Chevrolet Cruze (image above) and a $60,000 Audi, to the annoyance of all automakers. There would also be more apps. (Ford AppLink has dozens.) You might even be able to get Waze as your navigation app — about time. Currently, if you have CarPlay, your only navigation choice is Apple Maps; similarly, if you have Android Auto, the only choice is Google Maps. How soon? According to a release, “Toyota plans to commercialize a telematics system using SDL around 2018.” The company currently uses Entune to provide several music apps (iHeart, Pandora, Slacker) and a handful of others such as fuel prices, sports scores, and weather. SDL Consortium supporters (red) represented 34% of 2016’s 17.5 million US sales. SDL agreement covers one-third of the US car market Subaru and Mazda rank No. 9 and No. 17 in car sales. Subaru is starting to add Apple CarPlay (Android Auto is coming, they say), Mazda has not, yet — not until it aligns with the company’s philosophy, Mazda says. Together, the two add almost a million cars (2016 sales) to the numbers supporting SDL and bring the footprint of automakers behind SDL to 5.9 million sales out of 2016’s 17.5 million sales, or 34% of US sales. Worldwide, these car companies support the SmartDeviceLink Consortium: Ford and Lincoln Toyota and Lexus Mazda Motor Corporation PSA Group comprising DS (luxury offshoot of Citroen), Citroen and Peugeot Fuji Heavy Industries Ltd. (FHI) meaning Subaru Suzuki Motor (no longer selling in the US) Suppliers supporting the consortium: Elektrobit Luxoft Xevo Harman, Panasonic, Pioneer, and QNX have signed letters of intent to join. “Encouraging innovation is at the center of Ford’s decision to create SmartDeviceLink, and this consortium is a major step toward that goal,” said Doug VanDagens, global director, Ford Connected Vehicle and Services. “Consumers will win with new, innovative app experiences from increased collaboration and developer engagement.” “Connectivity between smartphones and the vehicle interface is one of the most important connected services,” added Shigeki Tomoyama, president of Toyota’s Connected Company. “Using SmartDeviceLink, we can provide this service to our customers in a safe and secure manner. We are excited to collaborate with many auto manufacturers and suppliers who share our view.” At the same time, Apple CarPlay and Android Auto continue to gain support. BMW finally went all in on CarPlay on the bulk of its 2017 model line, for instance, and is adding Android Auto support. All this means the automakers who have yet to integrate smartphone apps, not just music, will stand out. This the importance of moving quickly on SDL for the companies like Mazda and Toyota currently riding bareback. Tagged In ford ces Toyota CarPlay android auto Apple CarPlay Lincoln CES 2017 Lexus subaru SDL SmartDeviceLink SDL Consortium Post a Comment Comment ExtremeTech Newsletter Subscribe Today to get the latest ExtremeTech news delivered right to your inbox. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. More Articles Someone is trying to sell the stolen Razer triple-screen laptop prototypes Jan 13 450mm silicon wafers aren’t happening any time soon as major consortium collapses Jan 13 This week in space: all stuff from inside the solar system, for once Jan 13 Nintendo Switch hits stores March 3 for $299.99 Jan 13 Top 10 tech cars of the 2017 Detroit auto show Jan 13 About ExtremeTech Advertising Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Accessibility Statement Use of this site is governed by our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Copyright 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC.PCMag Digital Group All Rights Reserved. ExtremeTech is a registered trademark of Ziff Davis, LLC. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of Ziff Davis, LLC. is prohibited. unused
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Photos Video Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Classifieds Subscribe Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Most Popular 44,801 Like clockwork, Trump rips 'Saturday Night Live' on Twitter 32,567 It's time to face facts: Obama's presidency was a failure 17,519 Bob Woodward calls Trump dossier 'garbage' 16,480 Ringling Bros. closing 'Greatest Show on Earth' after 146 years 15,488 Carmelo Anthony: If Phil Jackson wants me gone, let's talk 14,532 Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dead at 73 Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Tech consumer electronics show Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy The new MacBook feature that Apple doesn’t want you to have By Post Staff Report View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) January 5, 2017 | 2:26pm Modal Trigger Neonode Touch screens are coming to MacBooks — whether Apple likes it or not. The Neonode AirBar, a $99 gadget announced this week at CES 2017 in Las Vegas, can convert a MacBook Air’s screen into a touch screen when placed under it. “It’ll make your MacBook Air work like an iPad,” Neonode exec Remo Behdasht told The Post. “This is something people have been asking for for a long time.” That’s despite the fact that Apple has stubbornly resisted enabling touch screens on its laptops — a hard-line stance that originated with founder Steve Jobs. “Touch surfaces don’t want to be vertical,” Jobs declared in 2010 as he unveiled a new MacBook Air. “After an extended period of time, your arm wants to fall off. It doesn’t work, it’s ergonomically terrible.” Neonode is betting that Mac fanatics will shrug off Jobs’ finicky dictum. Holiday sales “went very well” for a wider version of its AirBar made for PCs with 15-inch screens, winning “best seller” status on Walmart.com, according to Behdasht. The AirBar for the MacBook Air is slated to hit Amazon.com in March. Later this year, Neonode is planning an AirBar for the newly released MacBook Pro — even though the latest version has a “touch bar” that Apple execs contend is a superior alternative to a touch screen. With Apple’s touch bar, “you have to look down, then you have to look up,” Behdasht says. With the AirBar plugged into the MacBook Air’s USB port, on the other hand, “you can actually look at the screen and interact with it,” he says. “We’re trying to emulate the experience you get on an iPad.” Elsewhere this week, a $69, Kickstarter-funded gadget that makes the MacBook Pro’s aggressively minimalist design compatible with accessories like TV monitors and external hard drives saw its funding cross the $1 million mark. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under apple ,  computers ,  consumer electronics show Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Retro trend sweeping tech industry as CES turns 50 Read Next Retro trend sweeping tech industry as CES turns 50 Most Popular This Week 1 Hell gets ready to welcome Charles Manson 2 Buzzfeed's Trump report takes 'fake news' to a new level 3 Giants blamed for trashing airplane after playoff blowout 4 Obese woman is now a stunning model thanks to 'teaspoon diet' 5 It's 'digital heroin': How screens turn kids into psychotic junkies 6 It's time to face facts: Obama's presidency was a failure Share Selection Trending Now on NYPost.com 44,141 Like clockwork, Trump rips 'Saturday Night Live' on Twitter 32,857 It's time to face facts: Obama's presidency was a failure 18,193 Bob Woodward calls Trump dossier 'garbage' Now On More women rip Michael Che’s dating app etiquette Katie Couric’s ready for her TV comeback Eric Schneiderman and Preet Bharara power lunch SEE ALL Video 1:01 Chilling documentary reveals stories of child sex slave trafficking Now On How To Watch The NFL Playoff Games Online For Free SEE ALL More Stories pagesix More women rip Michael Che's dating app etiquette Now On Decider Top 10 Sexiest, Dirtiest & Steamiest Movies On Netflix Right Now nypost Like clockwork, Trump rips 'Saturday Night Live' on Twitter New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly NY Post Never Miss a Story Get The Post delivered directly to your inbox NY Post Morning Report Page Six Daily Breaking News Special Offers Email Sign Up By clicking above you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. X Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jan 15, 10:52 PM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Apple Pay, USA Technologies Team Up: Buying At Vending Machines Will Be Quicker, Easier By Denisse Moreno On 01/05/17 AT 2:06 PM Close Getting a bag of chips at a vending machine is going to get quicker and easier. Self-serve technology company USA Technologies said Thursday it pland to integrate its MORE. loyalty and payroll deduct program with Apple Pay to more than 300,000 machines across the country. “Following the integration, unattended operators will be able to offer an enhanced experience to their customers using Apple Pay, which is transforming mobile payments with an easy, secure and private way to pay that’s fast and convenient,” said USA Technologies. Consumers may also benefit from exclusive offers, promos and discounts on future purchases at vending machines linked to USAT’s ePort Connect platform, the company said. USA Tech will demo the new integration at The Digital Money Forum at CES 2017. The company says it will launch the new technology to select unattended retail locations across the U.S. over the coming months. How it Works Related Stories Apple Breaks Record On New Year's Day, Reveals Top Downloaded Apps Of 2016 Apple Will Invest $1 Billion In SoftBank's Tech Fund If you want to go buy a snack at a vending machine, all you have to do is hold up your iPhone or Apple Watch to purchase with Apple Pay. You can also redeem loyalty points if you are participating in USAT’s MORE. program. If you’re not enrolled in the program, you can instantly sign up and have the digital loyalty card automatically added to your Apple Pay account. Maeve McKenna Duska, USA Technologies’ senior VP of sales and marketing stated: “By offering MORE. with Apple Pay we are giving consumers a loyalty program that seamlessly integrates with their lifestyle, rewarding them for using the one thing they always have on hand, their iPhone or Apple Watch. We expect the MORE. integration with Apple Pay will not only fuel participation in the unattended loyalty program, but also underscore the ease, security and simplicity of Apple Pay transactions for everyday purchases like those made at vending machines, laundromats, self-serve kiosks, parking and more.” Apple Pay supports almost all U.S. banks and credit unions, as well as retailers such as BJ’s Wholesale Club and Kohl’s. Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business Takata Close To Faulty Airbag Settlement The settlement with DOJ reportedly includes a $25 million criminal fine, $125 million in victim compensation, and $850 million to compensate automakers. Technology Galaxy S7, S7 Edge Get Android Nougat Update However, it may be a while before HTC pushes out the official update for its HTC 10 device World Diplomats Warn US Against Moving Embassy To Jerusalem Israel did not attend Sunday's peace conference, saying it was "rigged" against the Jewish state. National Scottish Newspaper Lists Trump Inauguration As Episode Of 'Twilight Zone' Trump is to be sworn into office Friday. The Scottish Sunday Herald characterized it as the start of a "huge interactive virtual reality project." © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Accessibility links Skip to main content Keyboard shortcuts for audio player View Navigation NPR NPR NPR Music NPR Books NPR About NPRPodcast Directory Search Toggle search NPR Home News Arts & Life Music Topics Programs & Podcasts NPR Music Genres New Music Concerts & Videos Articles & Lists Tiny Desk NPR Books Author Interviews Find Books Reviews About NPR Overview Connect Support Press Careers Podcast Directory Categories Shop Back News U.S. World Politics Business Technology Science Health Race & Culture Education Arts & Life Books Movies Pop Culture Food Art & Design Performing Arts Photography Music First Listen Songs We Love Music Articles Tiny Desk Videos More Our Blogs Corrections All About NPR Back News & Conversations Morning Edition All Things Considered Fresh Air Here & Now 1A Code Switch Embedded Latino USA NPR Politics Podcast On Point Weekend Edition Saturday Weekend Edition Sunday Youth Radio Storytelling & Humor Ask Me Another The Best Of Car Talk The Big Listen Bullseye Hidden Brain How I Built This Invisibilia Only A Game Planet Money Pop Culture Happy Hour Radio Ambulante StoryCorps TED Radio Hour Wait Wait...Don't Tell Me! Music First Listen All Songs Considered Songs We Love Tiny Desk Alt.Latino From The Top Jazz Night In America Metropolis Mountain Stage Piano Jazz The Thistle & Shamrock World Cafe More All Programs Podcast Directory NPR Podcasts Back Rock Pop Jazz Classical Hip-Hop R&B/Soul Folk Latin World Electronic/Dance Back First Listen Songs We Love All Songs Considered Reviews Music Videos Back Tiny Desk Live Concerts Field Recordings Studio Sessions Music Documentaries Music Videos Festival Recordings Back Articles Interviews Quizzes Music Lists Best Music of the Year Back Art & Design Arts & Entertainment Biography & Memoir Business & Economy Children's Books Comedy Comics & Graphic Novels Digital Culture Faith & Spirituality Food & Wine History & Society Historical Fiction Horror & Supernatural Literary Fiction Mystery & Thrillers Parenting & Families Poetry Politics & Public Affairs Romance Science Fiction & Fantasy Science & Health Sports Travel Young Adult Nonfiction Fiction Back Book Reviews This Week's Must Read My Guilty Pleasure Three Books... PG-13: Risky Reads You Must Read This Summer Books Best Books of the Year Back Overview Overview and History Mission and Vision Stations and Public Media NPR Finances People Ethics Awards Back Visit NPR NPR Presents Studio 1 Events Generation Listen Book a Speaker Request Permissions Ways to Listen NPR Extra Blog Email Newsletters Shop NPR Get Help Contact Us Back Support Public Radio Corporate Sponsorship Volunteer Back Releases and Statements Photos and Logos Fact Sheet (PDF) Media Relations Contacts Back Careers at NPR Search Jobs Culture Applying Interns Fellows Digital Back Arts Business Comedy Education Games & Hobbies Government & Organizations Health Kids & Family Music News & Politics Religion & Spirituality Science & Medicine Society & Culture Sports & Recreation Technology TV & Film Apple Pulls 'The New York Times' From Its App Store In China Listen · 2:57 2:57 Toggle more options Download Embed Embed <iframe src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/508352372/508408541" width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" title="NPR embedded audio player"> Transcript Apple Pulls 'The New York Times' From Its App Store In China 2:57 The Two-Way Breaking News From NPR America International Economy Must Reads Contact Us Follow Facebook International Apple Pulls 'The New York Times' From Its App Store In China Apple Pulls 'The New York Times' From Its App Store In China Listen · 2:57 2:57 Toggle more options Download Embed Embed <iframe src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/508352372/508408541" width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" title="NPR embedded audio player"> Transcript Facebook Twitter Google+ Email January 5, 20171:49 PM ET Heard on All Things Considered Alina Selyukh Twitter Enlarge this image A user in Beijing looks at The New York Times app on an iPhone. Fred Dufour/AFP/Getty Images hide caption toggle caption Fred Dufour/AFP/Getty Images A user in Beijing looks at The New York Times app on an iPhone. Fred Dufour/AFP/Getty Images Citing local regulations, Apple has removed The New York Times news app from its app store in China. The incident is the latest in the long history of media restrictions in the country, but also in the ongoing pattern of tech companies getting involved in the efforts. The New York Times reports that Apple removed both its English-language and Chinese-language apps from the app store in China on Dec. 23, though other prominent publications such as The Wall Street Journal and The Financial Times as well as the Times' crossword puzzle and virtual-reality apps remain available. All Tech Considered Internet Freedom Wanes As Governments Target Messaging, Social Apps Along with other websites, the Times has faced restrictions for years. The site has been subject of blocks since 2012, when the newspaper reported on the wealth amassed by the family of the then-prime minister. Apple did not explain Thursday what distinguished the Times from other outlets. Spokesman Fred Sainz shared a statement: "For some time now the New York Times app has not been permitted to display content to most users in China and we have been informed that the app is in violation of local regulations. As a result, the app must be taken down off the China App Store. When this situation changes, the App Store will once again offer the New York Times app for download in China." Sainz did not elaborate on what legal standard was applied to warrant the removal of the news app, but the Times suggested it was under 2016 regulations issued for mobile apps: "The regulations say apps cannot 'engage in activities prohibited by laws and regulations such as endangering national security, disrupting social order and violating the legitimate rights and interests of others.' The cyberspace administration says on its website that apps also cannot publish 'prohibited information." Article continues after sponsorship Over the years, numerous publications have faced blackouts in China, including Bloomberg, Time and The Economist. Users in China sometimes use software to circumvent the government's firewall to surf the Web and access blocked sites. For tech companies, China is a massive, lucrative market and a major manufacturing hub, but operations there are tricky. Sites such as Facebook, Twitter and Google have been restricted. Apple's own iBooks and iTunes Movies were blocked, as well, not long after they were introduced. Parallels In China, A Battle Uber Didn't Win For Apple, China is a key production location and sales market. But iPhone sales have slumped there in recent years. In May, Apple invested $1 billion in Chinese ride-hailing app Didi Chuxing. The company has, in the past, removed other media apps from its App Store, but none as prominent as The Times, according to the newspaper. And it's far from the first time that a tech company cooperated with the Chinese government to suppress content, as the industry generally complies with local regulations around the world. In 2016, The New York Times reported that Facebook quietly developed software that could prevent posts from appearing in people's news feeds in specific parts of China, going further than the typical practice by U.S. Internet companies to block certain content after it's posted. The newspaper also reported, just last month, on "a hidden bounty of perks, tax breaks and subsidies in China that supports the world's biggest iPhone factory" — billions of dollars' worth of incentives at the heart of Apple's phone production. In 2014, the radio program Marketplace reported on LinkedIn censoring posts from its members that were deemed sensitive by China's government. In 2010, Google altered how users in China could access the site as it faced possible loss of license to operate in the country. The Two-Way Beijing Says Apple's iPhone 6 Violates Chinese Design Patent Perhaps the most notorious case dates back to early 2000s, when Chinese authorities arrested and imprisoned dissidents, including a Chinese journalist, based on evidence provided by Yahoo. Yahoo settled a lawsuit by the dissidents' families in 2007. In 2005, Yahoo bought what later became its most valuable asset: a stake in a Chinese e-commerce site Alibaba. China New York Times Apple App Store Facebook Twitter Google+ Email The Two-Way Breaking News From NPR The Two-Way Breaking News From NPR About The Two-Way is the place to come for breaking news, analysis and for stories that are just too interesting – or too entertaining – to pass up. Get in touch with your questions, comments and leads. Subscribe Follow Bill Follow Camila Follow Colin Follow Merrit Facebook RSS NPR Twitter Follow @NPR NPR thanks our sponsors Become an NPR sponsor Homepage News U.S. World Politics Business Technology Science Health Race & Culture Education Arts & Life Books Movies Pop Culture Food Art & Design Performing Arts Photography Music First Listen Songs We Love Music Articles Tiny Desk Videos Programs About NPR Overview NPR Finances People at NPR Support NPR Visit NPR Press Room NPR Extra Blog Careers at NPR Corrections NPR Ombudsman Permissions Help Contact Terms of Use Privacy Sponsorship Choices Text-Only
Accessibility links Skip to main content Keyboard shortcuts for audio player View Navigation NPR NPR NPR Music NPR Books NPR About NPRPodcast Directory Search Toggle search NPR Home News Arts & Life Music Topics Programs & Podcasts NPR Music Genres New Music Concerts & Videos Articles & Lists Tiny Desk NPR Books Author Interviews Find Books Reviews About NPR Overview Connect Support Press Careers Podcast Directory Categories Shop Back News U.S. World Politics Business Technology Science Health Race & Culture Education Arts & Life Books Movies Pop Culture Food Art & Design Performing Arts Photography Music First Listen Songs We Love Music Articles Tiny Desk Videos More Our Blogs Corrections All About NPR Back News & Conversations Morning Edition All Things Considered Fresh Air Here & Now 1A Code Switch Embedded Latino USA NPR Politics Podcast On Point Weekend Edition Saturday Weekend Edition Sunday Youth Radio Storytelling & Humor Ask Me Another The Best Of Car Talk The Big Listen Bullseye Hidden Brain How I Built This Invisibilia Only A Game Planet Money Pop Culture Happy Hour Radio Ambulante StoryCorps TED Radio Hour Wait Wait...Don't Tell Me! Music First Listen All Songs Considered Songs We Love Tiny Desk Alt.Latino From The Top Jazz Night In America Metropolis Mountain Stage Piano Jazz The Thistle & Shamrock World Cafe More All Programs Podcast Directory NPR Podcasts Back Rock Pop Jazz Classical Hip-Hop R&B/Soul Folk Latin World Electronic/Dance Back First Listen Songs We Love All Songs Considered Reviews Music Videos Back Tiny Desk Live Concerts Field Recordings Studio Sessions Music Documentaries Music Videos Festival Recordings Back Articles Interviews Quizzes Music Lists Best Music of the Year Back Art & Design Arts & Entertainment Biography & Memoir Business & Economy Children's Books Comedy Comics & Graphic Novels Digital Culture Faith & Spirituality Food & Wine History & Society Historical Fiction Horror & Supernatural Literary Fiction Mystery & Thrillers Parenting & Families Poetry Politics & Public Affairs Romance Science Fiction & Fantasy Science & Health Sports Travel Young Adult Nonfiction Fiction Back Book Reviews This Week's Must Read My Guilty Pleasure Three Books... PG-13: Risky Reads You Must Read This Summer Books Best Books of the Year Back Overview Overview and History Mission and Vision Stations and Public Media NPR Finances People Ethics Awards Back Visit NPR NPR Presents Studio 1 Events Generation Listen Book a Speaker Request Permissions Ways to Listen NPR Extra Blog Email Newsletters Shop NPR Get Help Contact Us Back Support Public Radio Corporate Sponsorship Volunteer Back Releases and Statements Photos and Logos Fact Sheet (PDF) Media Relations Contacts Back Careers at NPR Search Jobs Culture Applying Interns Fellows Digital Back Arts Business Comedy Education Games & Hobbies Government & Organizations Health Kids & Family Music News & Politics Religion & Spirituality Science & Medicine Society & Culture Sports & Recreation Technology TV & Film Apple Pulls 'The New York Times' From Its App Store In China Listen · 2:57 2:57 Toggle more options Download Embed Embed <iframe src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/508352372/508408541" width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" title="NPR embedded audio player"> Transcript Apple Pulls 'The New York Times' From Its App Store In China 2:57 The Two-Way Breaking News From NPR America International Economy Must Reads Contact Us Follow Facebook International Apple Pulls 'The New York Times' From Its App Store In China Apple Pulls 'The New York Times' From Its App Store In China Listen · 2:57 2:57 Toggle more options Download Embed Embed <iframe src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/508352372/508408541" width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" title="NPR embedded audio player"> Transcript Facebook Twitter Google+ Email January 5, 20171:49 PM ET Heard on All Things Considered Alina Selyukh Twitter Enlarge this image A user in Beijing looks at The New York Times app on an iPhone. Fred Dufour/AFP/Getty Images hide caption toggle caption Fred Dufour/AFP/Getty Images A user in Beijing looks at The New York Times app on an iPhone. Fred Dufour/AFP/Getty Images Citing local regulations, Apple has removed The New York Times news app from its app store in China. The incident is the latest in the long history of media restrictions in the country, but also in the ongoing pattern of tech companies getting involved in the efforts. The New York Times reports that Apple removed both its English-language and Chinese-language apps from the app store in China on Dec. 23, though other prominent publications such as The Wall Street Journal and The Financial Times as well as the Times' crossword puzzle and virtual-reality apps remain available. All Tech Considered Internet Freedom Wanes As Governments Target Messaging, Social Apps Along with other websites, the Times has faced restrictions for years. The site has been subject of blocks since 2012, when the newspaper reported on the wealth amassed by the family of the then-prime minister. Apple did not explain Thursday what distinguished the Times from other outlets. Spokesman Fred Sainz shared a statement: "For some time now the New York Times app has not been permitted to display content to most users in China and we have been informed that the app is in violation of local regulations. As a result, the app must be taken down off the China App Store. When this situation changes, the App Store will once again offer the New York Times app for download in China." Sainz did not elaborate on what legal standard was applied to warrant the removal of the news app, but the Times suggested it was under 2016 regulations issued for mobile apps: "The regulations say apps cannot 'engage in activities prohibited by laws and regulations such as endangering national security, disrupting social order and violating the legitimate rights and interests of others.' The cyberspace administration says on its website that apps also cannot publish 'prohibited information." Article continues after sponsorship Over the years, numerous publications have faced blackouts in China, including Bloomberg, Time and The Economist. Users in China sometimes use software to circumvent the government's firewall to surf the Web and access blocked sites. For tech companies, China is a massive, lucrative market and a major manufacturing hub, but operations there are tricky. Sites such as Facebook, Twitter and Google have been restricted. Apple's own iBooks and iTunes Movies were blocked, as well, not long after they were introduced. Parallels In China, A Battle Uber Didn't Win For Apple, China is a key production location and sales market. But iPhone sales have slumped there in recent years. In May, Apple invested $1 billion in Chinese ride-hailing app Didi Chuxing. The company has, in the past, removed other media apps from its App Store, but none as prominent as The Times, according to the newspaper. And it's far from the first time that a tech company cooperated with the Chinese government to suppress content, as the industry generally complies with local regulations around the world. In 2016, The New York Times reported that Facebook quietly developed software that could prevent posts from appearing in people's news feeds in specific parts of China, going further than the typical practice by U.S. Internet companies to block certain content after it's posted. The newspaper also reported, just last month, on "a hidden bounty of perks, tax breaks and subsidies in China that supports the world's biggest iPhone factory" — billions of dollars' worth of incentives at the heart of Apple's phone production. In 2014, the radio program Marketplace reported on LinkedIn censoring posts from its members that were deemed sensitive by China's government. In 2010, Google altered how users in China could access the site as it faced possible loss of license to operate in the country. The Two-Way Beijing Says Apple's iPhone 6 Violates Chinese Design Patent Perhaps the most notorious case dates back to early 2000s, when Chinese authorities arrested and imprisoned dissidents, including a Chinese journalist, based on evidence provided by Yahoo. Yahoo settled a lawsuit by the dissidents' families in 2007. In 2005, Yahoo bought what later became its most valuable asset: a stake in a Chinese e-commerce site Alibaba. China New York Times Apple App Store Facebook Twitter Google+ Email The Two-Way Breaking News From NPR The Two-Way Breaking News From NPR About The Two-Way is the place to come for breaking news, analysis and for stories that are just too interesting – or too entertaining – to pass up. Get in touch with your questions, comments and leads. Subscribe Follow Bill Follow Camila Follow Colin Follow Merrit Facebook RSS NPR Twitter Follow @NPR NPR thanks our sponsors Become an NPR sponsor Homepage News U.S. World Politics Business Technology Science Health Race & Culture Education Arts & Life Books Movies Pop Culture Food Art & Design Performing Arts Photography Music First Listen Songs We Love Music Articles Tiny Desk Videos Programs About NPR Overview NPR Finances People at NPR Support NPR Visit NPR Press Room NPR Extra Blog Careers at NPR Corrections NPR Ombudsman Permissions Help Contact Terms of Use Privacy Sponsorship Choices Text-Only
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE How to Save Your SHSH2 Blobs Using Tsschecker (Windows) How to Save Your SHSH2 Blobs Using Tsschecker (Mac) Peter Thiel Confirms 'The Age of Apple is Over' Busy Shapes is Apple's Free App of the Week [Download] Twelve South Unveils New RelaxedLeather Shell Case for the iPhone 7 iPhone 8 to Feature IP68 Water Resistance? KORG Gadget for iOS Makes Its Way to Mac Apple Posts Four New 'iPhone 7 + AirPods' Ads [Video] Safari Users Can't Watch Newly Posted YouTube Videos in 4K Download the Pocket Anatomy App for Free [Deal] Apple Posts New Ad for the Apple Watch Series 2 [Video] Consumer Reports Now Recommends New MacBook Pro Following Retest With Updated Version of MacOS [Video] Ecobee Remote Sensors Can Now Be Used as HomeKit Temperature and Occupancy Sensors Opera Releases New 'Neon' Concept Browser for Mac [Download] Google Announces Updated Ride Services Experience for Google Maps [Video] Apple is Now Accepting tvOS Binaries Up to 4GB in Size Foxconn and Sharp Consider Building LCD Plant in the U.S. Snapchat Gets Universal Search Apple Seeds iOS 10.2.1 Beta 4 to Developers [Download] Apple Seeds macOS Sierra 10.12.3 Beta 4 to Developers [Download] Leviton Unveils Decora Dimmers and Switches with Apple HomeKit Support LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted January 5, 2017 at 6:15pm by iClarified · 5807 views · Translate Leviton has announced new Decora smart in-wall dimmers and switches with Apple HomeKit support. The simple app-based setup and control allows professionals and end-users alike to easily install a Leviton HomeKit-enabled accessory and begin controlling lighting and loads from Apple's Home app or the free Decora Smart Home iOS app – no hubs or bridges required. Leviton announced three HomeKit compatible switches: ● 1000W Universal Dimmer (up to 450W LED) ● 600W Universal Dimmer (up to 300W LED) ● 15A Universal Rocker Switch (up to 600W LED) "This new line of Leviton HomeKit-enabled lighting control accessories expands and builds upon the Decora brand that consumers are familiar with and that professionals trust," said Richard Westfall, vice president and general manager of Leviton Energy Management, Controls & Automation. "Innovation has been a focus for Leviton since our founding 110 years ago, and from pioneering the Decora rocker light switch decades ago to adding support for HomeKit, Leviton continues to innovate the Decora brand in order to best meet the growing and expanding needs of homeowners, and this product line is the next step in the brand's evolution." Details: The new lighting control accessories are engineered with advanced technology to function with extremely sensitive, low-wattage light sources, such as a single LED bulb in a hallway or a strand of holiday lights. The in-wall dimmer and rocker switches leverage the Decora form-factor pioneered by Leviton with true rocker paddles, making usage easy for guests and family members alike, even in the dark. The dimmers feature embedded LEDs to display the illumination level, but the LEDs vanish to afford a clean appearance. Leveraging the Decora wiring device platform, there is support for multi-way applications, such as hallways or staircases, in which one fixture is controlled by two devices. Common color change kits and screwless wallplates round out the smart offering. The free Leviton app, Decora Smart Home, will provide advanced lighting control and customizable settings, including bulb type, adjustable fade rate, minimum/maximum brightness levels and more. Leviton's HomeKit-enabled devices can leverage scenes including "Good Morning" and "Good Night", automation scheduling, third-party device integration and remote access capabilities. Further, Leviton HomeKit-enabled accessories respond to Siri, letting you dim/brighten or turn on/off with just your voice. Leviton Decora Smart HomeKit-enabled lighting control accessories will be available this April in all sales channels including electrical distribution, retail, and online vendors. Please follow iClarified on Twitter, Facebook, Google+, or RSS for updates. Follow iClarified Comments (1) Add Comment Larry Page - January 6, 2017 at 10:52am These things are expensive as hell as it is. I can only imagine the price tag on this homekit enabled version. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC News News navigation Sections Find local news Home UK World Business selected Politics Tech Science Health Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability Business selected Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Business Business Apple rewards developers as App Store sales soar 5 January 2017 From the section Business Share Share this with Email Share this with Email Facebook Share this with Facebook Messenger Share this with Messenger Messenger Share this with Messenger Twitter Share this with Twitter Pinterest Share this with Pinterest WhatsApp Share this with WhatsApp LinkedIn Share this with LinkedIn Copy this link http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-38520637 Read more about sharing. Close share panel Image copyright Getty Images An insatiable desire by gamers to jump to the next level generated record revenues for App Store developers in 2016, according to Apple. Developers who sell their apps through Apple earned a record $20bn in 2016, up 40% on the previous year. Games dominated App Store's bestsellers, including Pokemon Go and Nintendo's Super Mario Run. Jan Dawson, chief analyst at Jackdaw, said in-app purchases, such as paying to upgrade a character, drove the rise. Since 2008, when the App Store first launched, developers have earned a total $60bn in revenue. Last year alone accounted for $20bn, or a third of total sales. Mr Dawson attributed the acceleration to a relatively new business model where people download a game app for their iPhone or iPad for free, then pay to buy additional features such as opening secret levels or new powers. In 2016, Apple also also changed its revenue sharing deal with developers of subscription apps such as Netflix or HBO Now. In the first year of a customer's subscription, the existing agreement remains in place which gives the developer 70% of revenue and Apple 30%. Under the new terms, if the subscription continues for a second year Apple takes a smaller cut of 15% and the developer keeps the lion's share, giving them a greater incentive to work to retain customers' interest. Apple also extended the scope of who can offer customers subscriptions to their product. Previously, only categories such as music services and magazines offered this service. In 2016 the option became available to all 25 categories on the App Store, including game makers. Last year, revenue from subscriptions rose by 74% to $2.7bn. Also, the number of apps available through Apple grew by 20% to 2.2 million. Mr Dawson said subscriptions give Apple more "predictable" revenue streams as sales of iPhone, iPad and Macs slow. App sales made a strong start to the year, with customers spending $240m on the App Store on New Year's Day alone. Share this story About sharing Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp LinkedIn More on this story Apple pulls New York Times app from China app store 5 January 2017 Apple iPhone sales fall, but beat estimates 25 October 2016 Top Stories Trump: UK doing great after Brexit vote The US president-elect promises a quick trade deal with the UK after he takes office in five days' time. 16 January 2017 Tunisia attack deaths inquest to open 16 January 2017 Pound falls ahead of May Brexit speech 16 January 2017 Features Lemon-aid Using fruit to explain how breast cancer looks and feels Coding pioneer Joyce Wheeler looks back on using one of the first computers Toxic air The city where you can't escape smog, even inside your home Entertainment week in pictures From the Golden Globes to the Rovers Return Public porn What do you do when someone is watching porn on the bus? Blind man's fog How snow hinders sightless people but rain helps Guccifer 2.0 & me Conversations with the notorious hacker targeted by America 'Victims of their time' The Victorian children held behind bars A walk through Aleppo Jeremy Bowen shares his images from a city in ruins News navigation Business Sections Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Home UK UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland Alba Wales Cymru World World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada Business selected Business Home Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Politics Politics Home Parliaments Brexit Tech Science Health Education Education Home School Report Global Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability BBC News Services On your mobile On your connected tv Get news alerts Contact BBC News Explore the BBC News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
Home Solution Provider Distribution Vendor Security Cloud People M&A Tech trends Mobility matters Events Resources 2112 hub Newsletters Sign in Events Upcoming events Channelnomics Conference MSP As the MSP market is maturing & competition is increasing, it’s critical to stand out. But what is it that makes a world class managed service provider? Join us at Channelnomics MSP as we shed light on the future of the US managed services industry. Date: 26 Apr 2017 The Park Lane Hotel 36 Central Park South New York, New York 10019, New York Channelnomics Security Conference Keeping up with security landscape that has evolved quickly and continues to increase in complexity is becoming a real challenge for channel firms. Our event will shed light on the most significant challenges and suggest possible strategies for overcoming the most pressing issues. Date: 28 Jun 2017 Chicago Channelnomics MSP Conference San Francisco As the MSP market is maturing and competition is increasing, it’s critical to stand out. But what is it that makes a world-class managed service provider? Join us at Channelnomics MSP as we shed light on the future of the U.S. managed services industry. Date: 21 Sep 2017 TBC, San Francisco Channelnomics Cloud Conference New York Join us for this one day event to hear about what lies ahead and what strategies you can use to grow your business, streamline cloud operations and maximize profits. Meet leading industry vendors to find out about the latest technologies and network with fellow industry professionals. Date: 07 Dec 2017 New York View all events Follow our events Sign up to receive email alerts about our eventsSign up Resources How to smash Office 365 support in 10 simple steps Microsoft's Cloud Solution Provider (CSP) program grows businesses faster in the cloud. As a reseller, you can't ignore that the CSP program offers a full customer experience. You're asked to guarantee the same level of support, which is no easy task. Rise to the challenge with these 10 simple steps. Download It’s time to assess your company’s mobile app strategy Mobile applications can drive real and positive change in today's business sector. However, most companies are struggling to develop effective mobile app strategies. Download this infographic to find out about seven steps to achieve a mobile application success. Download Sign in     Personalise your on site experience Download and use the apps Access your subscription from outside of the office Get relevant news and insight straight to your inbox Request account Remember me Forgot your password? Not subscribed?     Newsletters Account details Contact support Sign out   Follow us RSS Twitter Newsletters Register 2112 hub Channelnomics.com Home Solution Provider Distribution Vendor Security Cloud People M&A Tech trends Mobility matters     Personalise your on site experience Download and use the apps Access your subscription from outside of the office Get relevant news and insight straight to your inbox Request account Remember me Forgot your password? Not subscribed?     Newsletters Account details Contact support Sign out   Channel Business Today's channel rundown - 5 January 2017 Daily tech news and analysis channel partners need to know now, including Apple's SoftBank investment, Dropbox's sales, Strategic's new VP and more Channelnomics Staff 05 January 2017 Tweet   Facebook   LinkedIn   Google plus   Send to   0 Comments Welcome to today's channel rundown, containing vital news and analysis on the channel's comings and goings. Read all about it below: Apple's Softbank investment Apple plans to invest $1 billion... To continue reading... Sign In Register now Don't have an account? Register today for free access to premium Channelnomics content including: Expert in-depth features, analysis and reports Access to our archives for your research Use of the save article functionality Register now More on Channel Business Channel Business Today's channel rundown - 13 January 2017 13 Jan Channel Business Editor's voice: The week's channel chatter - 13 January 2017 13 Jan Channel Business Samsung eyes SIs with alliance program upgrade 13 Jan Channel Business Today's channel rundown - 12 January 2017 12 Jan Channel Business Today's channel rundown - 11 January 2017 11 Jan Channel Business 2017 Top 10 Emerging Threats: Number 6 - Evolving marketplace 10 Jan Channel Business Today's channel rundown - 10 January 2017 10 Jan Channel Business Today's channel rundown - 9 January 2017 09 Jan More news Today's channel rundown - 13 January 2017 Daily tech news and analysis channel partners need to know now, including Apple's iPhone monopoly lawsuit, AppDynamics' IPO, SoftBank's investment fund and more Channel Business 13 January 2017 Channelnomics' top five stories of the week - 13 January 2017 Research 13 January 2017 Editor's voice: The week's channel chatter - 13 January 2017 What's been happening this week on Channelnomics? Channel Business 13 January 2017 Microsoft Teams to best Google, Slack collaborative chat apps by 2018 - research Spiceworks data shows faster adoption growth rates for Microsoft's Teams and Skype for Business than Slack, Google Hangouts Research 13 January 2017 Back to Top Contact Us Marketing solutions About Incisive Media Terms and conditions Privacy and Cookie policy RSS Twitter Newsletters © Incisive Media Investments Limited 2015 Channelnomics is a licensed brand of The 2112 Strategy Group, LLC © Incisive Business Media (IP) Limited, Published by Incisive Business Media Limited, Haymarket House, 28-29 Haymarket, London SW1Y 4RX. Companies registered in England and Wales with company registration numbers 9177174 & 9178013. Digital publisher of the year 2010, 2013 & 2016 Digital publisher of the year 2010, 2013 & 2016
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Opinion: Does Apple need to make an Amazon Echo/Google Home speaker, or just make Siri better? Trending in Apple 10 years on, how the iPhone changed our lives, reactions from the 9to5Mac team Trending in Apple Apple’s AirPods and the best cord-free competition compared Trending in Apple 2017 & Beyond: What’s next for Mac, and what of its longer-term future? Trending in Apple Comment: OWC’s ‘DEC’ attachment highlights the portability progress Apple has made with the MacBook Pro Trending in Apple Opinion: Why the LG 5K UltraFine isn’t the MacBook Pro display I’m looking for January 5 AAPL: 116.61 0.59 9to5Toys Last Call: 15″ MacBook Pro w/ Touch Bar $2,200, Samsung Surround Sound w/ Sub $230, D-Link Wi-Fi Cam $30, more Justin Kahn - Jan. 5th 2017 9:46 am PT @justinkahnmusic Deals View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Keep up with the best gear and deals on the web by signing up for the 9to5Toys Newsletter. Also, be sure to check us out on: Twitter, RSS Feed, Facebook, Google+ and Safari push notifications. TODAY’S CAN’T MISS DEALS: Last Call Updates: Grab a 3-pack of Anker PowerLine Apple MFi-Certified Lightning Cables in varying lengths for $20 Prime shipped (Reg. $30) Bang & Olufsen brings AirPlay and Chromecast connectivity to its new Beoplay M5 speaker Razor’s new Blade Pro is the “world’s first portable laptop with three built-in monitors” The OjO Commuter Scooter is a zero-emissions electric two-wheeler with 20 miles of range UBTECH introduces new robots at CES including the smart Alexa-enabled Lynx Humanoid, more Take a look at Dell’s new Canvas workstation display and Totem radial controllers Green Deals: 16-pack Philips A19 60W LED Light Bulbs $25 (Reg. $45), more Save up to 35% on EAS Sports Nutrition products: 5lbs protein powder for $35, more Apple’s powerhouse 15-inch MacBook Pro w/ Touch Bar drops to $2,200 shipped (Reg. $2,399) Apple’s 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar is now $150 off in both capacities, from $1,650 shipped Samsung’s popular 5.1-Ch. Surround Sound System w/ Wireless Sub is now on sale for $230 shipped ($300 value) The iOS/Android connected D-Link Day & Night Wi-Fi Camera w/ Remote Viewing is down to $30 Prime shipped (Reg. $50) Apple’s 21-inch iMac 2.8GHz/8GB/1TB has dropped to $1,100 shipped (Reg. $1,299) Save nearly $300 on Apple’s 27-inch Retina 5K iMac 3.2GHz/8GB/1TB Fusion: $1,700 (Reg. $1,999) Lifeline Whiteout for iOS goes free on the App Store for the very first time (Reg. $2) Week Calendar for iPhone/Apple Watch goes free for the first time in over a year (Reg. $3) App Store Free App of the Week: Warp Shift goes free for the first time (Reg. $3) Castle Raid 2 and its addictive tower defense gameplay is down to $1 on the App Store This War of Mine drops to its lowest price ever on the Mac App Store: $3 (Reg. $20) CES 2017 Coverage: Sony looks to upend LG with its stunning OLED 4K HDR Ultra HDTVs at CES 2017 Blue Microphones announce retro-inspired Bluetooth headphones designed with iPhone 7 in mind Misfit adds a touchscreen on its newest $199 Vapor smartwatch that includes a two-day battery Samsung hits CES with new QLED Ultra HDTVs that include a collection of aluminum stands Here’s our first look at LG’s new impossibly thin ‘Wallpaper’ 4K OLED displays Turn the shower on from bed with the new U by Moen Smart Wi-Fi Connected Shower System Mohu’s new Airwave HD Antenna wirelessly beams your local channels to Apple TV, iOS, Android, Roku and more DJI intros new special edition Phantom 4, Osmo products for iPhone, iPad app for autonomous flights, & more LEGO BOOST brings your builds to life with its kid-friendly coding kit and smartphone apps Belkin revamps its popular Wemo Switch with a slimmer design alongside a new Light Dimmer Kingston unveils “the world’s highest capacity USB Flash drive” AirTV is the first official Sling TV set-top box with 4K content and OTA Linksys joins the mesh network craze with its new Alexa-enabled Velop 802.11ac system Lenovo borrows Amazon’s Alexa Voice Service for its new Smart Assistant Speaker MORE NEW GEAR FROM TODAY: Smartphone Accessories: Aukey USB Charger with USB-C Port & 4 USB Ports $20 Prime shipped (Reg. $25), more Withings Activité Sapphire Activity + Sleep Tracking Watch: $315 (Reg. $450) Display your new TV w/ the top-rated Cheetah Wall Mount for $18 Prime shipped (Reg. $26) Daily Deals: Moto X 4G 64GB Smartphone $250, APC 8-Outlet UPS $45, more Levi’s End of Season Sale takes 40% off already reduced item Games/Apps: Rainbow Six Siege $19, MGS V $8, iOS freebies, more Nuance Dragon for Mac for $40 downloaded (Reg. $90), more Oral-B’s Pro 5000 Bluetooth Electric Toothbrush $60 shipped (Reg. $75+) PowerPak Adjustable Dumbbells & Stand (Prime only) for $199 shipped (Reg. $250+) Brita Slim 5-Cup Water Pitcher w/ 1 Filter from just $6 today at Walmart (Reg. $12+) MORE DEALS STILL LIVE: Sony’s Wireless Bluetooth On-Ear Headphones feature 30-hour battery life, on sale now for $45 shipped (Reg. $70+) Bose SoundTrue Around-Ear iOS Headphones are on sale for $90 shipped (Reg. $115) Start 2017 with a best-selling Withings Wi-Fi Body Composition Scale from $78 shipped at Amazon Get up to 15% off w/ this discounted StubHub Gift Card, more Snag the View-Master Batman Reality Pack for $18 BLACK+DECKER 24″ Cordless Electric Trimmer $88, more 1byone 25-mi. Antenna $9 (Reg. $13) Aukey USB-C Car Charger $13 (Reg. $20), more CaseCrown iPhone 7 cases $4 + $15 MacBook Bags 12+ Cup Coffeemaker $20 Prime shipped Amazon all-time lows on TurboTax 2016 from $30 LG 60-inch 4K TV $600 (Reg. $900+), more LG 65-inch Ultra HDTV: $800 (Reg. $1,000) HP’s Pavilion 32-inch QHD Display has HDMI ports for $300 Make an easy cup of coffee with the Keurig K15 Brewer: $55 Philips Sonicare Series 2 Electric Toothbrush: $30 One year subscription to Forbes magazine today for just $4.50 6-pack BR30 65W Dimmable LED Lights $14 (Reg. $24), more Cleaning supplies/laundry: 81-Pack Tide PODS $13, more Canon’s robust All-in-One Laser Printer w/ AirPrint for $99  Aukey 4.8A Dual Port USB Car Charger $7, more Beyerdynamic DT-1350 Closed-Back Headphones $120, more Bowflex SelectTech 552 Adjustable Dumbbell kit: $236 (Orig. $289) Bluetooth 4.0 Receiver $16 Prime shipped Meet those New Year’s goals w/ up to 35% off NutritionProducts Vansky’s Mood Lighting Strips $10 Prime shipped Anker PowerCore 20100mAh Battery Pack $30, more Philips’ Wakeup Lights from $58 shipped Logitech’s Harmony 700 Universal Remote: $40 Kindle First eBook freebies for January NEW PRODUCTS & MORE: TCL details its 2017 Roku-enabled 4K TV lineup that includes upgraded specs and HDR support Griffin looks to make your morning routine smarter w/ new the Connected Toaster, more Panasonic announces the LUMIX GH5 with 4K 60p/50p recording – preorder now LeEco enters the bike business with two models powered by a display that runs Android OS LG tries to take over the world with new lineup of adorable life-size robots for the home, more LG’s latest TV audio solutions include a sound bar that can be separated for surround sound MOLA-UFO is a drone thats fits in the palm of your hand and takes selfies to the next level You absolutely have to check out these custom Air Jordan 4 Super Nintendo sneakers The adorable Kuri smart robot can follow you around or read a bedtime story The Alexa-enabled Vobot Clock is the “first alarm of its kind”, set to be unveiled at CES 2017 Sleep Number’s new iPhone-connected Smart Bed adjusts to your movements Dell’s new 27-inch UltraThin display includes a USB-C hub for MacBook owners TrackR’s new Tile-esque item locators feature Alexa compatibility LG’s new UHD TVs have the “most advanced color-enhancing LCD panel tech to date” LG set to show off its new CordZero Handstick Vacuum at CES Upcoming Kanex Apple Watch charging solutions will have you covered at home and on-the-go Samsung is set to unveil a new line of curved quantum dot displays at CES 2017 Samsung shows off new high resolution speakers with sleek designs before CES 2017 Guides Deals View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Mail Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets closed S&P 500 2,274.64 4.20 (0.18%) Dow 30 19,885.73 -5.27 (-0.03%) Nasdaq 5,574.12 26.63 (0.48%) App Store Shatters Records on New Year’s Day Apple Inc.•January 5, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share CUPERTINO, California — January 5, 2017 — Apple® today announced that the App Store® welcomed 2017 with its busiest single day ever on New Year’s Day, capping a record-breaking holiday season and a year of unprecedented developer earnings and breakout app hits. In 2016 alone, developers earned over $20 billion, up over 40 percent from 2015. Since the App Store launched in 2008, developers have earned over $60 billion, creating amazing app experiences for App Store customers across iPhone®, iPad®, Apple Watch®, Apple TV® and Mac®. Those efforts helped kick off 2017 with a remarkable start, making New Year’s Day the highest single day ever for the App Store with nearly $240 million in purchases.  “2016 was a record-shattering year for the App Store, generating $20 billion for developers, and 2017 is off to a great start with Jan. 1 as the single biggest day ever on the App Store,” said Philip Schiller, Apple’s senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. “We want to thank our entire developer community for the many innovative apps they have created — which together with our products — help to truly enrich people’s lives.” Customers broke all-time records this holiday season with purchases from the App Store topping $3 billion in December. In the same month, Nintendo’s Super Mario Run made history with more than 40 million downloads in just four days after its release, and was the most downloaded app globally on Christmas Day and New Year’s Day.  Super Mario Run is also among last year’s top 10 most downloaded apps worldwide, with Pokémon Go taking the top spot. Pokémon Go, a beloved game from Niantic, quickly became a cultural phenomenon in mid-2016. Prisma, Reigns, Procreate, Lumino City, Sweat With Kayla and djay Pro, from some of Apple's independent developers, were among the most successful apps for iPhone, iPad, Apple TV, Apple Watch and Mac, respectively. The App Store offers 2.2 million apps in total, up over 20 percent from last year.  With the App Store available in 155 countries, Apple’s customers have access to millions of apps to make their lives easier, enrich their passions and connect with people from all around the world. The App Store’s top-grossing markets include the US, China, Japan and the UK, with China experiencing record year-over-year growth at an incredible 90 percent. The global impact of the App Store was captured this past year with two campaigns — Apps for Earth and Games for (RED). In partnership with the World Wildlife Fund and (RED), customers were empowered to make a difference, helping to protect life on our planet and join the fight against AIDS. The custom content created by each campaign’s participating developers helped raise over $17 million in total for the two organizations.  With the introduction of iMessage® apps and SiriKit in iOS 10, developers created exciting new types of app experiences. iPhone and iPad customers now have access to over 21,000 iMessage apps to send stickers and easily collaborate with friends, and for the first time ever, users can ask Siri® to book rides, make payments, return a call and more. Since subscriptions became available across all 25 app categories this fall, including Games and Kids, customers can subscribe to their favorite services from over 20,000 apps, with Netflix, HBO Now, Line, Tinder and MLB.com At Bat among last year’s most popular. iPhone and iPad customers grew the App Store’s subscription billings significantly in 2016, to $2.7 billion, up 74 percent from 2015.  Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s more than 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Press Contacts: Lisa Israel Apple lisrael@apple.com (408) 974-2118 Stephanie Saffer  Apple ssaffer@apple.com (408) 974-5160   Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Watch Apple try to prove its wacky new Airpods won't fall out of your ears The Street Marijuana Millionaire #2 MONEY MORNINGSponsored Apple AirPod ad campaign begins with limited product availability Digital Trends Latest iPhone 8 Leak Confirms 'Essential' Feature Upgrade Forbes Why Amazon's Echo is totally dominating — and what Google, Microsoft, and Apple have to do to catch up Business Insider 2017 Honda Accord Central Iowa Honda DealersSponsored Quora Question: Which Tech Giant is Poised for a Fall? Newsweek The 20 cities with the highest cost of living Yahoo Finance Why one analyst believes the Trump rally could turn into the Trump correction CNBC Why Mechanics Keep Old And Dead Batteries? (watch) EzBatteryReconditioning.comSponsored Report: CIA set up task-force in 2016 to investigate possible Russian funding of Trump's campaign Business Insider Microsoft Admits Windows 10 Has A Serious Problem Forbes Growth of Smart Homes in Asia Bloomberg Video Don't Buy Furniture Until You See This Site WayfairSponsored 3 ways Donald Trump will be positive for the M&A market Yahoo Finance Trump gets sworn in — What you need to know in markets this week Yahoo Finance Democratic lawmakers are boycotting Trump’s inauguration Ro: Obviously these people have nothing to contribute to this county. They are not even attempting to move forward. If you don't contribute, you should leave. The rest of us are working to make this country great again regrdless of our political affiliations. I'm so tired of the temper tantrums. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 20.5k Data Disclaimer Help Suggestions
Skip to content Military Technologies pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 January 20175 January 2017 by KODAK VERITÉ Eco Series Showcases the Easiest Way to Save on Your Inkjet Printing Costs LOS ANGELES–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Funai Electric Co., Ltd., the worldwide licensee for KODAK Consumer and SOHO Inkjet Printers, is showcasing at the Consumer Electronics Show (CES) its newest addition to the Kodak Verité product line-up of inkjet printers. The KODAK VERITÉ Eco Series Inkjet Printers are already on shelves in the U.S. and the U.K. Funai developed the line of all-in-one inkjet printers to address lingering consumer dissatisfaction with the high cost of ink and cartridges that run out of ink too quickly. “Funai has a long history of manufacturing inkjet and laser printers for recognized brands around the world. The KODAK VERITÉ Eco Series Printers are the first to provide a new innovative cost savings feature called the Eco button. The new printers provide an easy way for people to use up to 30 percent less ink1 and save up to 70 percent or more on their printing costs2. Consumers get the satisfaction of knowing they can use less ink with the new Eco Button and save on ink by buying XL and 3XL cartridges. The high capacity XL and 3XL cartridges provide the convenience of having extra large (XL) cartridges – that double the print yield, and 3XL cartridges that provide six times the yield of a standard cartridge. A 3XL cartridge (MSRP $44.98 for black, $59.98 for color) is equivalent to over $280 of ink when using other leading manufacturer’s ink cartridges.3 The KODAK VERITÉ Eco Series Wireless Printers offers exceptional ease of use and wireless connectivity for printing, scanning and copying. Scanning and printing from a smartphone or tablet takes a single touch from the KODAK VERITÉ Printer App available on Apple and Android devices. The printer is exceptionally easy to set-up and connect so you can print and scan from Android or Apple smartphones or tablets within minutes. The KODAK VERITÉ Mega Series printer bundle comes with two 3XL cartridges, the equivalent of 12 standard cartridges of ink (a $192 value). These bundles are sold for $99 – $149 (depending on the model). The printer is also exceptionally easy to connect and wireless print or scan from Android or Apple smartphones or tablets. It features wireless direct and local Wi-Fi connectivity to enable wireless printing from mobile devices through the KODAK VERITÉ Printer App, Apple AirPrint ™ and Google Cloud Print ™. Funai is developing this line of inkjet printers to address the consumer dissatisfaction associated with the high cost of ink cartridges that run out of ink too fast. “We know that people are looking for easy ways to print and scan from mobile devices. We also know that consumers are looking for ways to save on ink costs. The KODAK VERITÉ Eco Wireless Printers will solve both of these needs,” Tsuneki Yoshida, OS Division, GM Funai Electric said. “Kodak has always stood for high quality and ease of use. We are pleased to partner with Funai on this evolving product line to give consumers a solution to the ongoing frustration of paying too much for ink,” said Brian Cruz, Vice President and General Manager of Consumer Products, Kodak. The KODAK VERITÉ Eco Series Printers are available at major retailers around the U.S. and on Amazon.com. Replacement ink cartridges are also available at retail and online starting at only $11.99 for a standard fill (200-page yield) black ink cartridge and $19.99 for a standard fill (180-page yield) color ink cartridge.1 For those who want to save up to 50% or more on ink costs there will be XL (high yield) cartridges and 3XL (extra high yield) cartridges with 2 times and up to 6 times the page yield respectively.1 1. The up to 30 percent less ink used claim is based on actual ink used when printing color graphics and text documents obtained by continuous printing in accordance with ISO/IEC 24711. Actual results may vary depending on number of pages actually printed per month and content of pages printed. Eco Mode 1 uses 20 percent less ink by reducing the density of ink printed on a page resulting in a slightly less vibrant image. Eco Mode 2 uses 30 percent less ink on a page by reducing the density of ink printed (same as Eco Mode 1) and also reducing the size of the printed image by 3.25 percent on each side of the page. For more information, see www.kodakverite.com/ecomode. 2. Up to 70 percent or more savings claim is based on the cost per page (“CPP”) of replacement KODAK VERITÉ 5 XL or VERITÉ 5 3XL Ink cartridges as compared to the CPP of similarly priced branded cartridges for leading manufacturer’s color inkjet printers less than $100 USD, market share reported by NPD 2015, and when using the Eco Mode 2. CPP is based on manufacturer’s recommended street price and page yield as reported by Gap Intelligence Reports. Actual savings may vary depending on number of pages actually printed per month and content of pages printed. Ink page yield values for color graphics and text document obtained by continuous printing in accordance with ISO/IEC 24711. Actual results may vary. 3. Manufacturer’s Suggested Retail Price (MSRP) of included KODAK VERITÉ 3XL Black and 3XL Color cartridges is $95.98 — a $280 value when compared to the CPP of other leading manufacturers’ ink cartridges for leading color inkjet printers less than $100 USD, market share reported by NPD 2015. Manufacturer’s recommended street price and page yield as reported by NPD Reports. About Funai Funai Electric Co., Ltd, established in 1961, is headquartered in Osaka, Japan and is listed in the Tokyo Securities and Exchange First Section (6839). In addition to the consumer electronics product brands sold by Funai Corporation and P&F USA, Inc. in the U.S. and the products sold by other Funai sales and marketing companies in Japan, Asia, Europe, and South America, Funai Electric Co., Ltd, is a major original equipment manufacturer (OEM) and supplier for consumer electronics worldwide. For more information on the Funai group, please visit www.funai.jp/en/. Representative Director President and CEO: Tetsuhiro Maeda (Code No.: 6839 First Section of TSE) About Kodak: Kodak is a technology company focused on imaging. We provide – directly and through partnerships with other innovative companies – hardware, software, consumables and services to customers in graphic arts, commercial print, publishing, packaging, electronic displays, entertainment and commercial films, and consumer products markets. With our world-class R&D capabilities, innovative solutions portfolio and highly trusted brand, Kodak is helping customers around the globe to sustainably grow their own businesses and enjoy their lives. For additional information on Kodak, visit us at www.kodak.com, follow us on Twitter @Kodak, or like us on Facebook at Kodak. The Kodak trademark and trade dress are used under license from Eastman Kodak Company. Tagscompany, division, general, intelligence, major, section Post navigation Previous PostPrevious U.S. Organic Strawberry Market 2017 – Analysis and Forecast To 2020 – Research and Markets Next PostNext Comcast’s Xfinity Home and Zen Ecosystems Announce New Partnership to Make Smart Homes Greener Homes Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts SonnySave.com Launches New Responsive Website 16 January 2017 Sammy Networks startet Vertrieb von „Ramen Soul” – die englische Version des beliebten Ramen Shop-Managementspiels für Smartphones „Ramen Tamashii” mit über fünf Millionen Downloads 16 January 2017 Chinese Retail Giant Suning Unveils Artificial Intelligence Strategy at CES 16 January 2017 Ecoppia Completes 40MW Deployment in EDF RE /Arava-Power Middle Eastern Solar Park 16 January 2017 San Francisco Certified Auto Body Shop Collision Repair Service Update Launched 16 January 2017 Staten Island Magician Ventriloquist Birthday Party Magic Show Services Launched 16 January 2017 Clean and Clear Earns Esteemed 2016 Angie's List Super Service Award 16 January 2017 Las Vegas MMA Personal Training Get Fit Gym CrossFit Problems Report Launched 16 January 2017 Mueller Sports Medicine Introduces Omniforce Support Garments 16 January 2017 Orthofix International NV (NASDAQ:OFIX) Investor Investigation over potential Wrongdoing 16 January 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
Thanks for checking out our new design, please let us know if you have feedback Shanghaiist is a website about Shanghai View Pretty | Blog Arts & Entertainment Food News Popular Advertising Contact Newsletter RSS Feed Staff Our Cities Chicago London Los Angeles New York City San Francisco Shanghai Toronto Washington DC Apple pulls New York Times app from its China app store at Beijing's request by Alex Linder in News on Jan 6, 2017 2:20 am Following a request made by the Chinese government, Apple has agreed to remove the New York Times from its Chinese App Store. Apple spokesman Fred Sainz said that the company had been informed that the NYT app was "in violation of local regulations," though he declined to explain what rules exactly had been broken. "When this situation changes, the App Store will once again offer the New York Times app for download in China," Sainz added. This comes as yet another blow for the New York Times in China. The paper's website was blocked in China in 2012 after it published a Pulitzer Prize-winning investigation into the vast amounts of wealth accumulated by China's former premier Wen Jiabao. The fallout from that piece led to a lengthy visa freeze for NYT and other foreign journalists with Beijing-based corespondent Austin Ramzy being forced to leave the country in 2014. Rather than abandon the Chinese market after being stuck behind the Great Firewall, the paper has tried hard to reach users by circumventing censors, using mirror sites, social media and apps to spread their stories. Now, China seems intent on plugging up at least one of those leaks. "The request by the Chinese authorities to remove our apps is part of their wider attempt to prevent readers in China from accessing independent news coverage by The New York Times of that country, coverage which is no different from the journalism we do about every other country in the world," the paper's spokeswoman Eileen Murphy said. The NYT is asking Apple to reconsider its decision as well as asking for a better explanation. Apple severs a bridge to our most avid and critical readers for China news -- our Chinese readers. Doesn't Apple owe them an explanation? https://t.co/Hg8yiXOgiN— Chris Buckley 储百亮 (@ChuBailiang) January 5, 2017 Of course, Apple has faced its own censorship problems in China. Back in April, the company's iTunes Movies and iBooks services were blocked without explanation. Meanwhile, its flagship iPhone sales have been slipping in the country and Beijing-based leather goods manufacturer even won the right in court to use the label "IPHONE" on their wallets and purses. Follow Shanghaiist on WeChat Contact the author of this article or email tips@shanghaiist.com with further questions, comments or tips. app store Apple apple apps censored censorship New York Times Other Interesting Stories Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. best of shanghaiist 🎆 8 things to do to ring in 2017! 🎅 The 8 best food-coma worthy restaurants this Christmas 🎄 The 6 hottest Christmas deals not to be missed in 2016! [⛄ CAMP] Looking for camps for your kids this winter? Look no further! 9 food delivery services that makes your life easier   © 2003-2017 Gothamist LLC. All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy.
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE How to Save Your SHSH2 Blobs Using Tsschecker (Windows) How to Save Your SHSH2 Blobs Using Tsschecker (Mac) Peter Thiel Confirms 'The Age of Apple is Over' Busy Shapes is Apple's Free App of the Week [Download] Twelve South Unveils New RelaxedLeather Shell Case for the iPhone 7 iPhone 8 to Feature IP68 Water Resistance? KORG Gadget for iOS Makes Its Way to Mac Apple Posts Four New 'iPhone 7 + AirPods' Ads [Video] Safari Users Can't Watch Newly Posted YouTube Videos in 4K Download the Pocket Anatomy App for Free [Deal] Apple Posts New Ad for the Apple Watch Series 2 [Video] Consumer Reports Now Recommends New MacBook Pro Following Retest With Updated Version of MacOS [Video] Ecobee Remote Sensors Can Now Be Used as HomeKit Temperature and Occupancy Sensors Opera Releases New 'Neon' Concept Browser for Mac [Download] Google Announces Updated Ride Services Experience for Google Maps [Video] Apple is Now Accepting tvOS Binaries Up to 4GB in Size Foxconn and Sharp Consider Building LCD Plant in the U.S. Snapchat Gets Universal Search Apple Seeds iOS 10.2.1 Beta 4 to Developers [Download] Apple Seeds macOS Sierra 10.12.3 Beta 4 to Developers [Download] D-Link Unveils New Omna 180 Security Camera With Apple HomeKit Support LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted January 5, 2017 at 5:18pm by iClarified · 5919 views · Translate D-Link today introduced the new Omna 180 Cam HD (DSH-C310) with Apple HomeKit support, the first in D-Link's Omna family of HomeKit enabled devices. With an elegant, modern design, the Omna 180 Cam HD offers a comprehensive 180-degree field of view to monitor an entire room and Full HD 1080p video quality for crystal clear surveillance. The HomeKit enabled camera includes advanced security features with end-to-end encryption and authentication between the camera and an iPhone, iPad, or iPod touch. Apple HomeKit technology also allows users to set up the 180 Cam HD within seconds, in just a few simple steps via the Apple Home app in iOS 10.1. Users can also get rich notifications on the lock screen of their iPhone or iPad via the Home app, showing a snapshot of what's happening in their home when motion is detected. In addition, via HomeKit, the Omna 180 Cam HD can work seamlessly with other Homekit enabled devices including triggering scenes when motion is detected. "D-Link is excited to be providing consumers with our first HomeKit enabled camera, combining D-Link's rich experience in IP cameras with Apple's industry-leading home automation technology" said Anny Wei, president of D-Link. "We are committed to providing a better user experience for consumers, who will benefit from the enhanced functionality which the 180 Cam HD brings to the HomeKit ecosystem." D-Link Omna 180 Cam HD (DSH-C310) Key Features Omna's HomeKit integration allows users to be "always home." Seeing everything through your iOS device offers extra peace of mind – keeping an eye on your baby in the nursery, checking on an elderly relative, watching your dog in the living room, or helping ensure homes are safe while on vacation. ● 180-Degree Field of View – Omna is derived from the Latin word 'omnis' meaning all-encompassing. Most cameras offer a limited 130-degree lens, while D-Link's unique 180-degree solutions and de-warping technology allow users to see just about everywhere and everything. ● Dynamic Video Streaming – The video bitrate continuously adjusts to ensure optimal performance given the available bandwidth. ● Two-Way Audio – Listen and speak using the camera's built-in microphone and speaker, so even when users are not at home they can still make their presence known. ● Night Vision – See up to 16 feet in complete darkness with infrared night vision. ● Local Recording – Record motion detection triggered video clips directly to a microSDXC card up to 128 GB. Offers more flexibility on recording video locally to the camera without impacting network or Internet bandwidth, all with no recurring monthly fees. ● Omna App – Advanced features are available on the free Omna companion app. ● Stylish Design – The camera is designed to fit effortlessly into the modern home with an elegant, discreet and stylish design. ● Motion Detection – Triggers alerts and automatic video clip recording. Availability The Omna 180 Cam HD (DSH-C310) will be available in Q1 2017. Please follow iClarified on Twitter, Facebook, Google+, or RSS for updates. Read More Follow iClarified Comments (3) Add Comment BlakeM - January 6, 2017 at 1:40am Haha! Einstein! :D this is pretty cool for smart people and young. (If you know what I mean) Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Adel Albuaijan - January 5, 2017 at 5:28pm Does it support WiFi? Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Einstein - January 5, 2017 at 6:31pm No, it contains film that you have to get developed, and review it periodically. It's not very efficient. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jan 15, 10:52 PM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Apple's App Store Sales Break Records, 'Super Mario Run' and 'Pokémon Go' Top Downloaded Apps By Denisse Moreno On 01/05/17 AT 12:57 PM Close Apple’s App Store earned $20 billion in 2016 and had its “busiest day ever” on New Year’s Day, the company announced Thursday. Last year, the App Store generated more than $20 billion, a 40 percent jump from 2015, the tech giant said. App Store customers broke all-time records this holiday, surpassing $3 billion last month. On the first day of 2017, the App Store had its highest single day ever making about $240 million in purchases, capping the record-breaking holiday season. Apple is "off to a great start with Jan. 1 as the single biggest day ever on the App Store,” said Philip Schiller, Apple’s senior VP of Worldwide Marketing. The App Store, where iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch, Apple TV and Mac users go to purchase applications for their devices, has generated over $60 billion since it launched in 2008. Super Mario Run and Pokémon Go Nintendo’s Super Mario Run, released Dec. 15, broke App Store records. The game got more than 40 million downloads worldwide in only four days after its release, making the app the No. 1 top free game in the App Store. Super Mario Run is free initially and costs $9.99 to unlock other levels, but that didn’t stop people from downloading the game. Although customers complained about the hefty price, the game was the most downloaded app globally on Christmas Day and New Year’s Day, Apple said Thursday. Meanwhile, the popular monster-catching game Pokémon Go, which was released in mid-2016, was the most downloaded app last year, the Cupertino company said. Related Stories Top 5 Free Encryption Messaging Apps These Are The Best and Worst Health and Fitness Apps For 2017 App Store Expands Content The number of apps on the App Store also increased, with 2.2 million apps in total, a 20 percent increase from last year. Apple pointed to the release of new iMessage apps with the new iOS 10 update, which offers iPad and iPhone customer access to more than 21,000 iMessage apps. The company also said the number of the iPhone and iPad App Store’s customer subscription billings, for services including Netflix, HBO Now and Tinder, also rose in 2016, to $2.7 billion, a 74 percent spike from 2015. Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business Takata Close To Faulty Airbag Settlement The settlement with DOJ reportedly includes a $25 million criminal fine, $125 million in victim compensation, and $850 million to compensate automakers. Technology Galaxy S7, S7 Edge Get Android Nougat Update However, it may be a while before HTC pushes out the official update for its HTC 10 device World Diplomats Warn US Against Moving Embassy To Jerusalem Israel did not attend Sunday's peace conference, saying it was "rigged" against the Jewish state. National Scottish Newspaper Lists Trump Inauguration As Episode Of 'Twilight Zone' Trump is to be sworn into office Friday. The Scottish Sunday Herald characterized it as the start of a "huge interactive virtual reality project." © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Accessibility help Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer Subscribe to the FT Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read Trump team rang EU and asked ‘What country is leaving next?’ Donald Trump attacks civil rights icon John Lewis China’s Xi set for star turn at Davos gathering The EU 27’s message to Brexit Britain Facebook rolls out fake-news filtering service to Germany US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Most Read Trump team rang EU and asked ‘What country is leaving next?’ Donald Trump attacks civil rights icon John Lewis A week in the life of presidential apprentice Donald Trump Facebook rolls out fake-news filtering service to Germany Donald Trump, Vladimir Putin and the murky history of ‘kompromat’ Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read Drugmakers alarmed by Trump pricing threat Wall Street wins big from Trump transition SpaceX mounts a comeback with successful rocket launch BlackRock demands end to excessive executive pay UK blue chips could clear pension holes with one year’s dividends Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read Hard Brexit and Trump trade dictate market outlook Pound endures volatile trading on prospect of hard Brexit Why high-flying tech stocks could keep their altitude Why states struggle to repatriate looted assets Hedge funds slug it out over Puerto Rico debt Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read A week in the life of presidential apprentice Donald Trump Obama and the audacity of hindsight Donald Trump, Vladimir Putin and the murky history of ‘kompromat’ The addictive, divisive iPhone is a fitting tribute to Steve Jobs US election: Trump’s Russian riddle Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read Is heart rate-reading watch set to defy wearables slowdown? ‘Death by overwork’ in Japan exposes dangers of overtime culture ‘Manbassadors’: Male MBAs aim to put an end to sexism at work Apologies: how getting them right makes you look good Writing clearly turns out to be not so easy after all Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Most Read Jon Bon Jovi on hard work, losing his wingman and US inequality Five of the best: Dim sum parlours in London The problem with English History’s luckiest generation: we’re getting away with it — for now How smartphones are transforming healthcare Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Search the FT Search Close You must be a Premium Subscriber to read: Financial Times Apple: spreading appiness Already a subscriber? Sign in here Premium features include the agenda-setting Lex column, EM Squared, Martin Sandbu’s Free Lunch, Newsmine blog, daily FT ePaper and exclusive weekly emails designed to enhance your FT experience. Upgrade now Not a subscriber? Click here to subscribe What do you get in your Premium Subscription package? Lex Column - The FT’s daily guide to the corporate and financial stories that matter. Since the 1930’s Lex has been providing concise, readable and timely commentary on companies, markets and the theory behind investing. From tech valuations to the pros and cons of share buybacks, via the banking crisis and emerging markets, Our specialists in London, New York and Hong Kong give you the tools to make better investment decisions. Editor's Choice - An exclusive weekly newsletter with insights from Lionel Barber, the Financial Times’ lauded editor. FT Newsmine Blog - A weekly email that abstracts essential macroeconomic data for you from the week’s news stories. Free lunch - Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch - A succinct daily take on global economics from columnist Martin Sandbu who selects and comments on the day's biggest topics. Other subscription options Corporate Newspaper Only Weekend App Edition Welcome to the new FT.com. The same global insight. Faster than ever before on all your devices. View tips Give feedback Welcome to the new FT.com. The same global insight. Faster than ever before on all your devices. View tips Give feedback Support Feedback Help Centre About Us Accessibility Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services Conferences & Events Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio ePaper Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD . FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Financial Times Close International Edition Search the FT Search Switch to UK Edition Top sections Home World Show more World links World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa US Show more US links US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Companies Show more Companies links Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Markets Show more Markets links fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Opinion Show more Opinion links Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Work & Careers Show more Work & Careers links Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Life & Arts Show more Life & Arts links Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Personal Finance Show more Personal Finance links Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Special Reports Science & Environment FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio ePaper Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In
हिन्दी Australia 台灣 / 中國 China (English) Indonesia Singapore UK News PitchOff Team Apps Cloud Code Consumer Tech Culture Enterprise Futurism Gadgets Gaming Internet Startups Facebook Twitter Google+ Apps Cloud Code Consumer Tech Culture Enterprise Futurism Gadgets Gaming Internet Startups Facebook Twitter Google+ Apps Cloud Code Consumer Tech Culture Enterprise Futurism Gadgets Gaming Internet Startups Business Mobile News {Update: Government Considering} Apple’s demands for special treatment from government facing resistance 1 week ago Rohit Singh Jain Update: As per new communication received from the Indian government, it appears that Apple’s demand from speical concessions are at least being considered. Apple wants to set up a manufacturing unit in India, and is demanding special benefits — including tax perks. It was earlier reported that the government is not amenable to these demands. However, as per Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman, the government is considering these demands. We are discussing that … no other mobile manufacturer have sought any extra concessions … we have not taken any decision. She also added that, I am not saying that we have said yes, I am not saying that we have said no. Well, Apple setting up shop would bring along a lot of benefits. I mean look at Ireland, Apple has operations there and the country wants to let off billions of dollars of taxes that according to EU, are owed by Apple. Previously: Looks like Apple is continuing to face stiff resistance from the Indian government with reference to its campaign to receive special tax breaks in the country to manufacture iPhones in the country. The company is still in negotiation over pursuing manufacturing activities as part of India’s Make In India program. The Cupertino giant wants to open stores owned 100% by the parent company, but PM Narendra Modi wants it to source at least a few components (30%, to be specific) from within the country itself for the products to be sold in the stores. It has demanded lower import and manufacturing duties, but as far as the recent development goes, it is evident that Apple is currently not eligible for any. However, the Cupertino-based company wants to be totally exempted from the local sourcing condition. Apple CEO Tim Cook had met with PM Modi last year to discuss the same. It was reported on December 30 that Apple, through it’s component maker Wistron, planned to set up a manufacturing facility in Bangalore’s industrial hub Peenya. The argument, as put forth by Trade Minister Nirmala Sitharaman, is quite simple: if India were to agree to any concessions, they would likely apply to all smartphone manufacturers, and not just Apple. That is, other smartphone and technology makers would naturally question the government as to why only Apple receives special ‘benefits.’ This would act completely against the government’s efforts to increase manufacturing and provide a level playing ground for all players in the industry, especially the homegrown brands like Micromax. Apple’s request to import and sell refurbished mobile phones in the market has been refused by the government. Apple is betting big on the India market, where it currently holds a minuscule 2% market share, what with slowing growth numbers in the developed markets like US and China. This is not Apple’s first negotiation for tax breaks with a government, and the company itself is infamous for it’s tax evasion strategies. Back in August last year, the company was found to be the recipient of illegal tax breaks amounting to a sizeable sum and had been ordered to pay back $14.5 billion by the EU commission.  At the same time, we might as well mention that the Foxconn plant in Zhengzou, China with ‘hidden’ tax perks for the iPhone maker. Rohit Singh Jain [email protected] Tagsapple india apple india manufacturing apple india phones tim cook You may also like Internet News After doormats with India’s national flag, Gandhi flip flops on Amazon cause widespread outrage 13 mins ago Mudit Mohilay Amazon has been having trouble with coming to terms with many symbols held in reverence by India, the second most populous country in the world... Enterprise News With a succesful comeback launch, SpaceX is rolling again 24 hours ago Mudit Mohilay And finally, all those prayers, all those efforts, all the science and all the resources expended by SpaceX have yielded fruit. The company has... Gaming News Man who claims to be the real Gears Of War’s “cole train” sues Microsoft and Epic studios 1 day ago Dhruv Chopra Epic studios, Microsoft, as well as the voice actor Lester Speight are currently facing a serious lawsuit filed by an African American man named... Gaming News Ps4 owners, prepare yourself for an upcoming major update 1 day ago Dhruv Chopra A pretty massive PlayStation 4 update, which will incidentally be the first large one since September 2016’s 4.00 update, is well on... Apps News Mobile usage hits critical mass, social apps take lions share of time spent over mobile 1 day ago Mudit Mohilay As per a recent report from Flurry Analytics, which is part of the Yahoo Mobile Developer Suite, mobile usage has continued exhibiting signs of... Enterprise News Salesforce’s Quip snaps up Unity&Variety, a startup founded by ex-Facebook product designers 1 day ago Anmol Sachdeva On Friday, Salesforce announced that it has acquired software company Unity&Variety to further enhance the design standards of its word... News Startups Watch SpaceX finally return to flight after its Falcon 9 explosion last year 1 day ago Anmol Sachdeva Today, SpaceX is taking its first flight back to the skies after the unfortunate Falcon 9 explosion during pre-flight checks in September of last... Apps News Vulnerable ‘security backdoor’ discovered in WhatsApp’s encryption, debunked as being a feature 1 day ago Anmol Sachdeva Widely popular messaging app WhatsApp, owned by Facebook, has garnered immense praise for being one of the first to implement end-to-end encryption... Add Comment Click here to post a comment Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Leaked screenshots reveal Microsoft’s planned design update for Windows 10 Apple’s App store records its best sales month ever in December, 2016 Comment Share This! Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest LinkedIn Subscribe Be a part of a thriving community of core-tech, no-nonsense readership in India. Subscribe to our post-by-post updates, right here. Email Address recommended Instagram testing feature that can let you shop from feed Aastha Chugh 3 Min Read the latest After doormats with India’s national flag, Gandhi flip flops on Amazon cause widespread outrage Mudit Mohilay 3 Min Read With a succesful comeback launch, SpaceX is rolling again Mudit Mohilay 2 Min Read Man who claims to be the real Gears Of War’s “cole train” sues Microsoft and Epic studios Dhruv Chopra 3 Min Read Ps4 owners, prepare yourself for an upcoming major update Dhruv Chopra 2 Min Read Mobile usage hits critical mass, social apps take lions share of time spent over mobile Mudit Mohilay 5 Min Read Subscribe Be a part of a thriving community of core-tech, no-nonsense readership in India. Subscribe to our post-by-post updates, right here. Email Address Share About Team <Contact GLOBAL NETWORK Australia 台灣 / 中國 China (English) Indonesian Singapore UK Copyright © 2016. All Rights Reserved TheTechPortal Facebook Twitter Google+
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Opinion: Does Apple need to make an Amazon Echo/Google Home speaker, or just make Siri better? Trending in Apple 10 years on, how the iPhone changed our lives, reactions from the 9to5Mac team Trending in Apple Apple’s AirPods and the best cord-free competition compared Trending in Apple 2017 & Beyond: What’s next for Mac, and what of its longer-term future? Trending in Apple Comment: OWC’s ‘DEC’ attachment highlights the portability progress Apple has made with the MacBook Pro Trending in Apple Opinion: Why the LG 5K UltraFine isn’t the MacBook Pro display I’m looking for January 5 AAPL: 116.61 0.59 Henge Docks becomes authorized Apple reseller to offer MacBooks & accessories bundled w/ its docking stations Jordan Kahn - Jan. 5th 2017 8:51 am PT @JordanKahn MacBook Pro AAPL Company Henge Docks View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Accessory maker Henge Docks, best known for its docking stations made for MacBooks, announced today that it has signed up to be an official Apple reseller allowing it to offer Apple’s MacBooks and accessories bundled with its companion products. In order to do this, Henge Docks has partnered with Apple through the company’s Authorized Business Solution Provider (ABSP) program. “This partnership, coupled with the new products we are launching, allows us to offer our customers a complete workstation setup in one convenient spot, and at a discounted price,” said Matthew Vroom, Henge Docks CEO. “It’s an honor that we were selected for this program after having worked so hard to build products designed to complement and enhance the Apple user experience.” One bundle offered by the company will include a new MacBook Pro with the company’s Horizontal Docking Station, while another includes an Apple Magic Trackpad 2 and Apple Magic Keyboard bundle with its Clique product that’s designed to connect those two accessories together into one neat package. The company claims that bundles can save customers up to $150 versus purchasing the products individually. Along with the announcement the company is showing off updated products at CES this week including an upgraded version of the Horizontal Docking Station (pictured above) that it will bundle with the new MacBook Pro. Available in USB-C and Thunderbolt models, it will support all the new 2016 MacBook Pros and adds 13 ports –dual audio jacks, SD card reader, four USB 3 ports, gigabit ethernet, dual Mini DisplayPort– with support for up to four external displays, passthrough power, and Kensington Lock. It will be available in Spring starting at $499. We reviewed one of the earlier models and called it one of the best solutions around.  It’s also showing off a new $149 Vertical Docking Station (above, left) and Tethered Docking Station starting at $199 (above, right), both available in USB type C or Thunderbolt 3 for the new MacBook Pros and also arriving in Spring. Those can be bundled with a new MacBook Pro as well. Other companies too are showing off accessories to tap into a market of new MacBook Pro owners in search of connecting legacy accessories to the device after a switch to all USB-C/Thunderbolt 3 ports. OWC revealed new ‘DEC’ attachment for 2016 MacBook Pro that adds 4TB of storage and additional ports, and others, like Elgato, are introducing products updated with Thunderbolt 3 connectivity to support the new machine. Henge Docks will be selling the new bundles both direct to its customers and into enterprise. You can purchase the bundles through its website now.  Guides MacBook Pro Apple's premium MacBook, built with the professional in mind. View THe Guide AAPL Company Breaking news from Cupertino. We’ll give you the latest from Apple headquarters and decipher fact from fiction from the rumor mill. View THe Guide Henge Docks Best known for their docking solutions, Henge Docks creates premium products integrating Apple devices directly into your workflow. View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Modern Medicine FinTech CNBC Upstart 25 Retail Report Future Opportunities Davos Your Money, Your Future Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Technology Technology Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity The Pulse @ 1 Market VC pioneer smacks down Apple's chance of winning the tech race to a $1 trillion value Matthew J. Belvedere | @Matt_Belvedere Thursday, 5 Jan 2017 | 12:14 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters What's working: Top tech picks    Thursday, 5 Jan 2017 | 8:37 AM ET | 02:46 Ever since Apple reached an all-time high valuation of $774 billion early in 2015, many technology industry experts have predicted the stock would be the first ever to reach a $1 trillion market capitalization. Ann Winblad, entrepreneur-turned-venture-capitalist with over 30 years in the tech industry, is not one of them. She told CNBC's "Squawk Box" on Thursday she thinks the first $1 trillion company will be Google-parent Alphabet. "But it will be a tight race with Microsoft and Amazon," said the co-founder of Hummer Winblad Venture Partners, which opened its doors in 1989 with a mission to fund early-stage enterprise software companies. "I don't get paid for recommending stocks." In a point-by-point takedown, Winblad's overall analysis basically argues that innovation at Apple is not keeping up. "Even Microsoft is making headway with their hardware Surface against the [MacBook Pro]," she said, adding that Apple's virtual personal assistant Siri is falling behind Amazon's Alexa in the artificial intelligence space. "The 'connected everything,' look what's happening at CES, Amazon is not even there, and they're capturing all the headlines," she said. It's worth noting that Apple is not at this year's Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas, either. Apple's highest market value eclipses those of Alphabet, Amazon and Microsoft, according to FactSet Research. Company Current price Percent from all-time high All-time high date All-time high market cap All-time high market cap date Current market cap Apple $116 -13% 4/28/15 $774B 2/23/15 $619B Alphabet $812 -3% 10/28/16 $575B 10/25/16 $551B Amazon $771 -9% 10/6/16 $401B 10/5/16 $368B Microsoft $62 -2.60% 12/22/16 $613B 12/27/99 $484B While all four stocks, as of midday Thursday trading, were lower than their record highs, Apple's fall was most pronounced at 13 percent, compared to declines of nearly 9 percent at Amazon, about 3 percent at Alphabet and roughly 2.6 percent at Microsoft. But currently Apple is still winning the tech market cap race by nearly $70 billion or 11 percent over its closest rival Alphabet, by a whopping 50 percent margin over Amazon and about 24 percent over Microsoft. Matthew J. BelvedereSenior Producer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change GOOGL --- Binge 'Walking Dead' a megahit, thanks in part to white-knuckled binge-watchers By: Marc Gilbert, senior producer, CNBC Walking Dead producer: The phenomenon is no accident    Walking Dead producer: The show isn’t about zombies    Terminator writer sounds alarm on AI    Walking Dead producer: VR makes me nauseous    To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Skip to content Military Technologies pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 January 20175 January 2017 by Wearable Payments Global Market Segmentation and Major Players Analysis 2022 Wise.Guy. Wearable Payments Market Consumption 2017 Forecast to 2022 PUNE, INDIA, January 5, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — GET SAMPLE REPORT @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/482760-wearable-payments-sizing-the-opportunity Summary The wearable payments market is still very much in its infancy, with most companies in this space still experimenting with form factors and functionality. Apple has emerged as a frontrunner with its payments-capable Apple Watch, but it is far from the only high-profile company in this space. With the market in its current state it is far too early to call Apple’s first-mover advantage decisive, and while this space is likely to see a lot of attention and investment in the coming years it is impossible to predict which companies will dominate. Key Findings • 25% of consumers globally possess a wearable device of any type (regardless of whether that device is capable of making payments). • Features and pricing are the two most important factors driving purchases of wearable devices. • China is the most immediately attractive market due to its sizable population and high proportion of potential early adopters. Synopsis “Wearable Payments: Sizing the Opportunity” examines the emerging wearable payments market, evaluating the strengths and weaknesses of the current products available to consumers in this space as well as using our proprietary data on consumer attitudes towards wearable technology and potential early adopters of wearable payments globally. Specifically the report: • Analyzes the major payments-capable wearables on the market in terms of function and attractiveness to consumers. • Identifies the key drivers of wearable payments adoption among consumers globally and by market. • Analyzes the demographic and geographic distribution of potential wearable payments early adopters and the best strategies to engage with them. • Explores the potentially winning strategies that can be adopted by players currently in the wearables market and players looking to enter it. Reasons to Buy • Understand the players in the wearables market – what products have they launched, and how likely are these to succeed? • Find out how consumers view wearable payments as a concept, and how this varies between markets. • Find out where the wearable payments early adopters are, as well as what demographics they belong to in order to effectively market products. • Discover the three key factors to a successful wearable payments product – what do consumers want, and how is this best delivered to them? Buy now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=482760 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE SUMMARY The wearable payments market is currently undergoing the proof-of-concept stage, with Apple leading the way Key findings Critical success factors DEFINING THE POTENTIAL Wearable payments are mainly taking place within the physical proximity of a merchant’s POS terminal Eat24’s smartwatch app looks to streamline repeat order purchases Wearable payments are in the formative stages, with wrist-based devices the most widely deployed form factor so far Disney’s Magic Band provides proof of concept for wearable payments Wearable payment developments intensified in 2015, with the supply side of the market driving much of the activity Apple Watch is the first big effort at enabling payments with the wrist Barclays’ bPay range is one of the few examples of payment-only wearables Most payments players are entering the wearables market through partnerships Consumer appetite for wearable technology is positive, but a sizable number are unconvinced of its benefits Wearable device holders are mostly open to the idea of using these devices to pay Outside the current wearable user base, attitudes to wearable payments are less positive Features and price are the biggest drivers of wearable device adoption SIZING THE OPPORTUNITY Consumer behavior and sentiment are at the heart of our Wearable Payments: Early Adopters Model The Wearable Payments Early Adopters Model identifies four target groupings for wearable payment products The banked and younger age groupings demonstrate the greatest early adopter potential 10% of all consumers are ready to adopt wearable payments immediately China has the largest potential customer base for wearable payments Wearable providers need to target the highest-potential demographics The most immediate potential for wearable payments lies within the 25-34 age group High-income earners show the greatest likelihood of being early wearable payment adopters Men and women are almost equally as likely to be early adopters of wearable payments Consumers who regularly revolve all or part of their credit card balance are the most likely to adopt wearable payment technology …Continued ACCESS REPORT @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/482760-wearable-payments-sizing-the-opportunity Get in touch: LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/company/4828928 Twitter: https://twitter.com/WiseGuyReports Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/Wiseguyreports-1009007869213183/?fref=ts Norah Trent wiseguyreports +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 email us here Tagsattention, base, company, engage, major Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Cabot Microelectronics to Release Financial Results for First Quarter of Fiscal Year 2017 on January 26 Next PostNext Internet Data Centers Market 2017 Industry Trend and Forecast 2021 Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts SonnySave.com Launches New Responsive Website 16 January 2017 Sammy Networks startet Vertrieb von „Ramen Soul” – die englische Version des beliebten Ramen Shop-Managementspiels für Smartphones „Ramen Tamashii” mit über fünf Millionen Downloads 16 January 2017 Chinese Retail Giant Suning Unveils Artificial Intelligence Strategy at CES 16 January 2017 Ecoppia Completes 40MW Deployment in EDF RE /Arava-Power Middle Eastern Solar Park 16 January 2017 San Francisco Certified Auto Body Shop Collision Repair Service Update Launched 16 January 2017 Staten Island Magician Ventriloquist Birthday Party Magic Show Services Launched 16 January 2017 Clean and Clear Earns Esteemed 2016 Angie's List Super Service Award 16 January 2017 Las Vegas MMA Personal Training Get Fit Gym CrossFit Problems Report Launched 16 January 2017 Mueller Sports Medicine Introduces Omniforce Support Garments 16 January 2017 Orthofix International NV (NASDAQ:OFIX) Investor Investigation over potential Wrongdoing 16 January 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Wallpapers of the week: geometry pack The top stories of the week on iDB Daily Deals: Beats Solo3 headphones $220, Sony PS4 $220, and more Let’s Talk iOS 169: 10-year iPhone anniversary special   skip to main content skip to main menu     Apple: App Store shattered records on New Year’s Day By Cody Lee, Jan 5, 2017 Tweet 8 Comments Apple on Thursday announced that the App Store broke records on the first of January. The company says New Year’s Day was the Store’s single busiest day ever with nearly $240 million in revenue. The day put a nice cap on a record-breaking holiday season and year. Apple says App Store purchases topped $3 billion in December alone, and developers were paid more than $20 billion in 2016. “2016 was a record-shattering year for the App Store, generating $20 billion for developers, and 2017 is off to a great start with Jan. 1 as the single biggest day ever on the App Store,” said Philip Schiller, Apple’s senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. “We want to thank our entire developer community for the many innovative apps they have created — which together with our products — help to truly enrich people’s lives.” Here are some of the other stats mentioned in the press release: Super Mario Run saw over 40 million downloads in its first 4 days, and was the most app downloaded globally on Christmas Day and New Year’s Day. Nintendo’s hit runner also cracked 2016’s top 10 most downloaded apps, along with Pokémon Go. Independently developed apps like Prisma, Reigns, Procreate, Lumino City, Sweat With Kayla and djay Pro were among the most successful last year. There are now more than 2.2 million apps in the App Store. The App Store is available in 155 countries Custom App Store campaigns helped raise more than $17 million for World Wildlife Fund and (RED) last year. There are over 21,000 iMessage apps. App Store’s subscription billings were $2.7 billion in 2016, up 74% from previous year. It’s not surprising to see Apple touting its App Store numbers. The company has consistently pointed to its services division amidst slumping iPhone sales. Expect to hear a lot more about it on Jan. 31. Source: Apple Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Pokémon Go is dead, long live Pokémon Go! In November, App Store captured highest monthly sales ever in its history Apple is switching App Store pricing from USD to regional currencies in 9 countries Apple removed nearly 50,000 apps from App Store in October Related Topics App Store, App Store Apps, Apple, Apps, Games, iPad, iPhone, News malhal Great for Nintendo, even more terrible for indie devs Rowan09 Nintendo is dumb. Still no NES in stores they are trying to run the company into the ground. They have a huge hit with Mario Run and still no other Mario titles. Release a Mario Allstars Touch even a Smash Bros Touch and man they would make a killing. On another Note this is where Apple will continue to have revenue, in services not hardware. TechnoBuff Apple is a hardware company…. there is no data or trend that shows that services will be the biggest income generator for Apple in years to come.. Most of their services are not the leader in whatever category they are in and not anytime soon. Rowan09 Number 1 in digital music is itunes, number 1 AppStore and fastest growth with Apple Music. It’s doesn’t have to be the biggest generator. No company can keep having monster quarters selling hardware because technology only moves so fast. All customers won’t have the latest devices but they all have access to services no matter the device. TechnoBuff Again i reiterate..Apple’s future remains in hardware, which is bolstered by their software/services… Your false equivalency does not even make sense as Apple is not leading in those category. or rather they are the only one competing in that category. #!. Digital music is virtually a non existent category as no one competes in that space anymore and Apple has been losing sales as people move towards streaming. The sales from that is pittance compared to what they make from hardware. #2 Same goes for AppStore.. as well… because they have a monster quarter selling app does not mean it will surpass hardware anytime soon. # 3 Same goes for Apple Music. All other apple services sucks including icloud and other cloud related services. which is being saved merely because people buy Apple’s hardware. Overall Apple knows their future remains solely in hardware.. all of these services are aimed to bolster hardware.. they cannot survive on their own without hardware or out of Apple ecosystem. So your rationale that services/software is Apple’s future is wrong. Apple is not built to be a software/services compnay. Apple can still make other hardware products or move into a new product category.. Apple is not Microsoft that is solely a software/services company.. Apple is hardware.. plain and simple Rowan09 If you didn’t notice Google as well as Microsoft now make hardware device and are now both software and hardware company. We know they use the hardware to keep you in the ecosystem. I’m not saying Apple should stop making hardware that would be dumb, I’m saying they need to continue to focus on services because that is sustainable. For example Apple Music is a monthly service, etc. Hardware is a one time thing and people don’t upgrade as much as long as it works. If you’ve also been paying attention while hardware sales had a decline services were up every year. TechnoBuff Have you seen Microsoft and Google feeble attempt at manufacturing.. it is not that the products arent good enough.. it is simple that they lack the infrastructure that makes a hardware company like Apple successful. GooglePixel phone was released but people have nowhere to try it out.. only at Verizon stores that are not in a lot of locations.etc.. Apple has a whole infrastructure built around sales of hardware… Sales of hardware might decline but again Apple will still make a bulk of its revenue from hardware.. Rowan09 They will make a bulk from hardware I agree. I’m just saying they need to focus just as much on services to stay relevant because hardware takes time to develop, but they can keep charging for good services whether people upgrade or not.   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Wallpapers of the week: geometry pack Jailbreak tweaks of the week: OnceMore, Photicon, & more… The top stories of the week on iDB Photicon replaces your Photos app icon with a preview of your most recent picture AdaptiveColorAlerts colorizes all your alert messages to match anything behind them   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: OnceMore, Photicon, & more… Photicon replaces your Photos app icon with a preview of your most recent picture AdaptiveColorAlerts colorizes all your alert messages to match anything behind them Why to avoid third-party Cydia Substrate “patches” for the iOS 10 beta jailbreak OnceMore lets you repeat iPhone timers right from the Lock screen iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2017. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Demonetisation #TataVsMistry #GST #Budget2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » PTI Stories » National » News Sonowal asks DCs to review NRC update exercise every week BSE, NSE to conduct periodic call auction for illiquid stocks Business Standard Govt examining Apple's request for extra concessions Press Trust of India  |  New Delhi  January 5, 2017 Last Updated at 19:08 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2USZGw1 ALSO READ Strengthen ECGC to promote export finance: Sitharaman Nirmala asks ICSI to prepare list of possible women directors StartUp India:16 entities incorporated,tax sops rejected for 2 ComMin to press for ab-initio exemption for exporters in GST Sitharaman to chair BoT meet next month to discuss exports The government is examining extra concessions being demanded by the US-based iphone maker Apple for setting up a manufacturing unit in India. "We are discussing that ... No other mobile manufacturer have sought any extra concessions ... We have not taken any decision," Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman told reporters here when asked about the government's view on the Apple issue. She added: "I am not saying that we have said yes, I am not saying that we have said no". In a communication to the government, the Cupertino-based technology major has asked for several tax and other incentives to enter India in the manufacturing sector. As many as 42 companies are making mobile phones in India, including Chinese firm Huawei and Xiaomi. A group of senior officials from ministries, including commerce and finance, would later this month deliberate on the incentives sought by Apple to set up a manufacturing unit. The government already provides benefits under the Modified Special Incentive Package Scheme (MSIPS) to boost electronic manufacturing in the country. The scheme provides financial incentives to offset disability and attract investments in the electronics hardware segment. It also gives a subsidy for investments in Special Economic Zones, among other benefits. Currently, Apples products are manufactured in six countries, including South Korea, Japan and the US. Elaborating, DIPP Secretary Ramesh Abhishek said that government keeps getting request from various companies for concessions and this is one of them. "The government examines (all the requests) with appropriate departments. All such requests are examined in consultation with concerned departments and that process is on," he added. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On National News | Government | India | Nirmala Sitharaman | Cupertino | Finance | Tax PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Make Your Premium Payment Easier. Know more Plan now with just Rs.3000 p.m. Know more Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? Govt examining Apple's request for extra concessions The government is examining extra concessions being demanded by the US-based iphone maker Apple for setting up a manufacturing unit in India. "We are discussing that ... No other mobile manufacturer have sought any extra concessions ... We have not taken any decision," Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman told reporters here when asked about the government's view on the Apple issue. She added: "I am not saying that we have said yes, I am not saying that we have said no". In a communication to the government, the Cupertino-based technology major has asked for several tax and other incentives to enter India in the manufacturing sector. As many as 42 companies are making mobile phones in India, including Chinese firm Huawei and Xiaomi. A group of senior officials from ministries, including commerce and finance, would later this month deliberate on the incentives sought by Apple to set up a manufacturing unit. The government already provides ... The government is examining extra concessions being demanded by the US-based iphone maker Apple for setting up a manufacturing unit in India. "We are discussing that ... No other mobile manufacturer have sought any extra concessions ... We have not taken any decision," Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman told reporters here when asked about the government's view on the Apple issue. She added: "I am not saying that we have said yes, I am not saying that we have said no". In a communication to the government, the Cupertino-based technology major has asked for several tax and other incentives to enter India in the manufacturing sector. As many as 42 companies are making mobile phones in India, including Chinese firm Huawei and Xiaomi. A group of senior officials from ministries, including commerce and finance, would later this month deliberate on the incentives sought by Apple to set up a manufacturing unit. The government already provides benefits under the Modified Special Incentive Package Scheme (MSIPS) to boost electronic manufacturing in the country. The scheme provides financial incentives to offset disability and attract investments in the electronics hardware segment. It also gives a subsidy for investments in Special Economic Zones, among other benefits. Currently, Apples products are manufactured in six countries, including South Korea, Japan and the US. Elaborating, DIPP Secretary Ramesh Abhishek said that government keeps getting request from various companies for concessions and this is one of them. "The government examines (all the requests) with appropriate departments. All such requests are examined in consultation with concerned departments and that process is on," he added. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Press Trust of India Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Govt examining Apple's request for extra concessions The government is examining extra concessions being demanded by the US-based iphone maker Apple for setting up a manufacturing unit in India. "We are discussing that ... No other mobile manufacturer have sought any extra concessions ... We have not taken any decision," Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman told reporters here when asked about the government's view on the Apple issue. She added: "I am not saying that we have said yes, I am not saying that we have said no". In a communication to the government, the Cupertino-based technology major has asked for several tax and other incentives to enter India in the manufacturing sector. As many as 42 companies are making mobile phones in India, including Chinese firm Huawei and Xiaomi. A group of senior officials from ministries, including commerce and finance, would later this month deliberate on the incentives sought by Apple to set up a manufacturing unit. The government already provides benefits under the Modified Special Incentive Package Scheme (MSIPS) to boost electronic manufacturing in the country. The scheme provides financial incentives to offset disability and attract investments in the electronics hardware segment. It also gives a subsidy for investments in Special Economic Zones, among other benefits. Currently, Apples products are manufactured in six countries, including South Korea, Japan and the US. Elaborating, DIPP Secretary Ramesh Abhishek said that government keeps getting request from various companies for concessions and this is one of them. "The government examines (all the requests) with appropriate departments. All such requests are examined in consultation with concerned departments and that process is on," he added. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Press Trust of India Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Sunday, January 15, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News The 45th President Fury Grows, in Public and in Congress, After Trump’s Attack By YAMICHE ALCINDOR 9:59 PM ET Outrage over President-elect Donald J. Trump’s criticism of Representative John Lewis is driven by what many blacks see as his lack of understanding of their reverence for the civil rights movement. Several members of Congress said they would not attend the inauguration, and would meet with activists to discuss strategies to oppose Mr. Trump’s administration. Corporations Open Cash Spigot for Inauguration 8:54 PM ET ‘All Talk,’ Trump Says in Attack on Civil Rights Icon Trump Team May Eject Press Corps, Alarming Reporters By MICHAEL M. GRYNBAUM Journalists were stunned by reports of a proposal to remove them from the West Wing, a move that would uproot decades of established protocol. Trump, Twitter and the Art of His Deal Pick for Labor Dept. Has Long History of Fighting Labor Laws By JODI KANTOR and JENNIFER MEDINA 10:09 PM ET Andrew F. Puzder, the head of the Carl’s Jr. and Hardee’s restaurant chains who is being considered for labor secretary, may son be tasked with enforcing the very rules his business has been accused of violating. More in Politics In His Last Days, Obama Keeps Up Flurry of Activity When Trump Goes Low, Democrats Ask If They Should, Too World Leaders Push Israel and Trump to Forge a 2-State Deal By ALISSA J. RUBIN, BENOÎT MORENNE and ISABEL KERSHNER 9:02 PM ET Though peace efforts between Israel and the Palestinians seem doomed, world leaders gathered in Paris for a peace conference and signaled that they still longed for a two-state solution. U.K. Set to Choose Sharp Break From European Union By STEVEN ERLANGER Prime Minister Theresa May is said to be opting for a “hard Brexit,” taking Britain out of the European single market and the customs union. British Firms Await Brexit Plans, Poised to Relocate In Texas, a Test of Whether Voting Act Still Has Teeth By MANNY FERNANDEZ A federal judge put Pasadena, Tex., under federal oversight after finding that city officials had discriminated against Latino voters. But an appeal is expected. Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. Slide Show Loading... What Michelle Obama Wore and Why It Mattered No one understood the role of fashion, and the potential uses of its power, better than the first lady. By VANESSA FRIEDMAN You Draw It: What Got Better or Worse During Obama’s Presidency Jolted by Deaths, Obama Found His Voice on Race Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times Smarter Living The Fix How to Get a High-End Kitchen on the Cheap By MICHELLE HIGGINS Sites like Craigslist may be the best way to score expensive appliances at rock-bottom prices. All you need is a little patience. A Short Puzzle to Test Your Memory By JASMINE C. LEE, JENNIFER DANIEL and KEVIN QUEALY A 2,000-year-old technique called the memory palace helped one of our contributors improve his memory. Can it work for you? Once Predatory, Refund Loans Take Friendlier Turn By STACY COWLEY Advances from tax preparation companies now come with no interest and no fees, but consumer watchdogs remain wary. New York Streets Are Seas of Black as Yellow Cabs Decline By WINNIE HU Facing growing competition from ride-hailing apps, taxis are struggling to remain relevant to a generation of digital-minded New Yorkers. A Camden Address With a Link to Martin Luther King Jr. By ASHLEY ROSS Jeanette Lilly Hunt, 85, said she considered the young “M.L. King” a member of the family when he lived in her home in New Jersey while attending a seminary. N.F.L. Playoffs Packers Thwart Cowboys as Time Expires By BILL PENNINGTON 9:53 PM ET Green Bay advanced to the N.F.C. Title Game with a 34-31 win on Mason Crosby’s 51-yard field goal with no time remaining. Dallas had converted a tying 52-yard field goal with 35 seconds left. Live Updates: Steelers Lead Chiefs Entering 4th Quarter Leader of Chiefs’ Special Teams Gives the Humble Punt Its Due China’s Wind Turbines Laze, Yet 1 Is Built Every Hour By JAVIER C. HERNÁNDEZ 6:18 PM ET The Jiuquan Wind Power Base epitomizes the country’s ambition to become a global leader in clean energy. It also reflects the deep challenges facing the sector in China. Crime Scene Runaway Teenager Reveals Tale of Horrors While Away By MICHAEL WILSON Joannie’s case is a familiar one to prosecutors in the Bronx, who see runaway girls advertised for sex on Backpage.com. California Today The news and stories that matter to Californians (and anyone else interested in the state). Sign up to get it by email. The Daily 360 1:33 52 Places to Go: Madagascar Adam B. Ellick/The New York Times. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » More News Turkish Airlines Cargo Jet Crash Kills 16 in Kyrgyzstan 10:18 PM ET Tony Rosato, of 1981-82 ‘Saturday Night Live’ Cast, Dies at 62 Death Toll From Brazil Prison Riot Reaches 26; Decapitations Are Seen Jimmy Snuka, Ex-Pro Wrestler Known as Superfly, Dies at 73 8:37 PM ET Bahrain Executes 3 Shiites Convicted in Police Attack ‘La La Land’ Revives the Movie Musical When a song-and-dance film earns $132 million this fast, others will follow — with Emma Watson, Will Ferrell, Kristen Wiig and Josh Gad, for starters. A True Wonder of Alchemy: Soup Together, water, onions and time turn water into broth, bland into savory and thin into thick. But for those results, process is critical. Lie to Me: Fiction in the Post-Truth Era Like reality-TV fans and some Donald J. Trump supporters, today’s novel readers may recognize the artifice before them but form a bond of “shared culpability.” The Opinion Pages Contributing Op-Ed Writer In Pakistan, Justice for the Killers Among Us By MOHAMMED HANIF 6:02 PM ET Terrorism trials in military courts deliver only revenge, and uncover very little information. Editorial: The Optimism of Barack Obama Wehner: Eight Was Enough Follow us on Twitter » Editorial Turkey’s Relentless Attack on the Press President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has worked to silence independent voices as he tightens his authoritarian control. Dowd: Judd Apatow Freaking Out Over Donald Trump Kristof: Kremlin Employee of the Month? User Subscriptions Tired? Or Fired Up and Ready to Go? Inside Obama’s Final Days Raw Telexes to the Times Home Office From a Civil War Zone Times Insider » Tired? Or Fired Up and Ready to Go? Inside Obama’s Final Days The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Come On Along With Us Your Reading List Go to your reading list Find a great read for your list Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Access on any device. Learn More | Send Feedback Weekend Reads The Neediest Cases Maintaining a Sunny Spirit in the Face of Hardship Linda Ragoo, a beneficiary of Neediest Cases, has a variety of health issues that she combats with the laughter that frames her positive personality. In its 105th year, The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund has provided direct assistance to those struggling in New York and beyond. Donate now » From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Asia Pacific Inspired by ‘Downton,’ China’s Rich Hire Butlers Sunday Review Steve Harvey, Who Says I Won’t Steal Your Girl? Style Wait. Is That Hillary Clinton? Let’s Go Say Hi. Music Podcast: Hip-Hop’s Elders Battle Its Youth (Again) Sunday Review Ivanka Trump’s Dangerous Fake Feminism She is selling us traditional femininity and support of male power in a feminist bow, writes Jill Filipovic. Travel Las Vegas Works to Charm Asian Travelers Music Review: First Concert at New Hall in Germany Sunday Review Notebook: That Time the K.G.B. Slipped Me Vodka The Trump dossier-related talk of “kompromat” and “dezinformatsiya” has been a blast from what was thought to be a distant past. Multimedia/Photos The Golden Era of New York Street Protests Book Review A Posthumous Memoir by Coretta Scott King Sunday Review Letters: Haunted by Vietnam Times Insider Telexes to The Times From a Civil War Zone Sections World » It Can Power a Small Nation. But This Wind Farm in China Is Mostly Idle. U.K. Set to Choose Sharp Break From European Union Rich Chinese, Inspired by ‘Downton,’ Fuel Demand for Butlers Business Day » Tax Refund Loans Are Revamped and Resurrected With Guilty Plea, Takata Clears Way for a Likely Global Rescue In Davos, Bracing for a Shifting U.S. Stance on Climate Change Opinion » Exposures: At Home With Barack and Michelle Editorial: The Optimism of Barack Obama Maureen Dowd: Judd Apatow Freaking Out Over Donald Trump U.S. » What (Lots of) Money Can Buy at Trump’s Inauguration Trump’s Feud With John Lewis Prompts Outrage Among Blacks Obama Legacy of Freeing Prisoners May Come Under Trump Siege Technology » The Other Kushner Brother’s Big Bet N.S.A. Gets More Latitude to Share Intercepted Communications Tech Fix: The Guide to Being an Airbnb Superhost Arts » Hot on the Trail of ‘La La Land,’ Here Come More Movie Musicals Critic's Notebook: Trump, Twitter and the Art of His Deal Reader's Notebook: Lie to Me: Fiction in the Post-Truth Era Politics » Workers Say Andrew Puzder Is ‘Not the One to Protect’ Them, But He’s Been Chosen To Obama Legacy of Freeing Prisoners May Come Under Trump Siege Trump’s Feud With John Lewis Prompts Outrage Among Blacks Fashion & Style » Critic's Notebook: What Michelle Obama Wore and Why It Mattered Wait. Is That Hillary Clinton? Let’s Go Say Hi. Critic's Notebook: The Last Jeweler on the Ponte Vecchio Movies » Hot on the Trail of ‘La La Land,’ Here Come More Movie Musicals For ‘The Red Turtle,’ Studio Ghibli Looks West for an ‘Eastern’ Approach How Movies and TV Address Rape and Revenge New York » A Camden Address With a Link to Martin Luther King Jr. Yellow Cab, Long a Fixture of City Life, Is for Many a Thing of the Past Crime Scene: Runaway Teenager Slowly Reveals Tale of Horrors While Away Sports » NFL Playoffs: Chiefs Trail Steelers; Packers Shock Cowboys On Pro Basketball: Cavaliers-Warriors Rematch Carries Meaning for Past and Future Jimmy Snuka, Ex-Pro Wrestler Known as Superfly, Dies at 73 Theater » For Early ‘Jersey Boys’ Investors, Oh, What a Run What August Wilson Means Now From Nosebleed Seats to the Stage, Actors Discuss August Wilson Science » SpaceX Launches Rocket, Its First Since Explosion on Launchpad Trilobites: Sometimes Nature is Morbid. That’s Why There’s #BestCarcass. Trilobites: For the First Time, a Ruby Sea Dragon Flaunts in Front of the Camera Obituaries » Jimmy Snuka, Ex-Pro Wrestler Known as Superfly, Dies at 73 Conservationist Bud Lilly, ‘a Trout’s Best Friend,’ Dies at 91 Tony Rosato, of 1981-82 ‘Saturday Night Live’ Cast, Dies at 62 Television » Donald Trump News Conference Gets the ‘S.N.L.’ Treatment Review: A Transfer of Power in ‘Homeland.’ Situation Normal, for Now. Review: Thoroughly Modern ‘Victoria,’ Still Nursing That Crush Health » Study Maps ‘Uniquely Devastating’ Genital Injuries Among Troops Public Health: The Biggest Changes Obamacare Made, and Those That May Disappear The Weekly Health Quiz: Smartphones and Smart Dogs Travel » Where I Live: Where I Live: Washington, D.C. Muse: How to Use a Novel as a Guidebook 36 Hours: 36 Hours in Charleston, S.C. Books » Reader's Notebook: Lie to Me: Fiction in the Post-Truth Era Nonfiction: Is Edward Snowden a Spy? A New Book Calls Him One. Nonfiction: Kareem Abdul-Jabbar on Two Books About Muslim Identity Education » Donations Pour In to Band From Black College That Will Play at Inauguration Cost of College: Programs That Are Predatory: It’s Not Just the For-Profit Colleges Justices Face ‘Blizzard of Words’ in Special Education Case Food » City Kitchen: Make Cauliflower and Broccoli More Compelling One Cookie, 2 Versions: Why Girl Scout S’mores Won’t All Be the Same The Pour: 20 Wines Under $20: Reds for Winter Moods and Foods Sunday Review » Opinion: No Racial Barrier Left to Break (Except All of Them) Editorial: The Optimism of Barack Obama Maureen Dowd: Judd Apatow Freaking Out Over Donald Trump Real Estate » When the Downstairs Neighbor Is a Bar The Right Time to Sell Is Anytime On the Market: Homes for Sale in Brooklyn and Manhattan The Upshot » Public Health: The Biggest Changes Obamacare Made, and Those That May Disappear Cost of College: Programs That Are Predatory: It’s Not Just the For-Profit Colleges Public Health: Obamacare Repeal Is Moving Forward. When Will Changes Affect Consumers? Magazine » Feature: President Duterte’s List First Words: I Know How It Feels to Be Someone’s ‘Token.’ I’m Sure Ben Carson Does, Too. Feature: Neanderthals Were People, Too Automobiles » 3 Takata Executives Face Criminal Charges Over Exploding Airbags E.P.A. Accuses Fiat Chrysler of Secretly Violating Emissions Standards Driven: The Volvo S90 Is Very Swedish, and Very Appealing T Magazine » Gosha Rubchinskiy’s Russian Men’s Wear Show A String Quartet Concert, With an A.I. Assist My Bookshelf, Myself: My 10 Favorite Books: Asif Kapadia Times Insider » Save the Date: Feb. 7: Will Shortz: Meet the Puzzle Master! The Robot That Performed My Kidney Transplant Declined to Be Interviewed Talk to The Times: Should Celebrities Use Their Platforms to Express Political Opinions? Real Estate » Ask Real Estate What to Do if the Seller Backs Out By RONDA KAYSEN If a buyer backs out of a contract, the deposit is lost. But what recourse does the buyer have if the seller wants out? More Articles in the Series Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Sell Your Home Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra Retina MacBook tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s Retina MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Elago's W3 Charging Stand Turns Your Apple Watch Into the Original Macintosh Thursday January 5, 2017 9:03 AM PST by Mitchel Broussard Elago's W3 Stand for Apple Watch can turn Apple's modern wearable device into a classic Macintosh, all while charging and protecting the Apple Watch. The Nightstand Mode-only accessory has a slot for the Apple Watch's charging puck and a small compartment that you slide the Apple Watch into, turning its 38mm or 42mm display into that of a retro Mac. The dock was originally announced last November, but is just now gaining attention online. To prevent scratching on the Apple Watch's casing, band, and screen, the entire W3 dock is made of soft silicone, also making it easy to place and remove the Watch. The image used on Elago's website appears to use the Stone Sport Band on the Apple Watch, which is now unavailable on Apple.com. Any band and case combination will work on the dock, however. Those interested can purchase the W3 Stand from Elago's website for $13.49, as well as on Amazon for $11.99. An alternate black version is also available. Related Roundups: Apple Watch Series 2, watchOS 3 Tag: Elago Buyer's Guide: Apple Watch (Neutral) 31 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) BeyondtheTech 1 week ago Dammit, this thing is too cute to resist buying! Wish it came with a tiny keyboard, too. Rating: 12 Votes Cuban Missles 1 week ago For $11 dollars on Amazon, I could not resist. Will have it for the weekend to play with. I can't wait for the comment from my wife - "Arg, you are such a geek." And I will smile say, "yes, yes I am." Rating: 7 Votes orbital~debris 1 week ago Just wonderful! Would also love to see this in an iMac DV variant (blueberry, grape, indigo, ruby or flower power especially). Rating: 6 Votes filmantopia 1 week ago Funny to think the Apple Watch is far more powerful than the Macintosh in nearly every possible way. Rating: 5 Votes fitshaced 1 week ago 'The original Mac. Now more portable and 10 times more powerful. Watch bands sold seperately.' That statement would surely blow the minds of anyone back in those days. Rating: 3 Votes Kabeyun 1 week ago My vote for best Apple accessory. Almost want to buy an Apple Watch so I can get one. Rating: 3 Votes jayducharme 1 week ago That's adorable. I wish a mini keyboard and mouse came with it. Rating: 2 Votes foozipper 1 week ago It's his idea... https://twitter.com/retroconnector/status/680201439315005440?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw http://www.thingiverse.com/thing:1216409 Rating: 2 Votes ArtOfWarfare 1 week ago Freaking adorable. Needs a mini mouse and keyboard to come with it... also, can we get an Apple logo sticker that's small enough to go on it? Rating: 2 Votes Dagless 1 week ago $11 should not be £35 (on its Amazon store). How to lose customers and alienate people. Rating: 1 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPad Pro Early 2017? New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 New glass-backed design rumored to lose the Home button. Front Page Stories Apple Shares New 'Pairing,' 'Siri' and 'Notes' AirPods Ads 1 day ago on Front Page Apple today shared three ads highlighting the newly-released AirPods on its YouTube channel. Two of the ads are focused on AirPod features, like Siri and instant pairing, and star dancer Lil Buck... 158 comments Next iPhone Said to Have Even Better IP68-Rated Water Resistance 2 days ago on Front Page Apple's next-generation iPhone will feature IP68-rated water resistance, which would be an improvement over the IP67-certified iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, according to The Korea Herald.... 291 comments Apple vs. Samsung Lawsuit Over iPhone Design Officially Reopened 3 days ago on Front Page The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit on Thursday reopened a longstanding patent lawsuit related to Samsung copying the design of the iPhone nearly six years ago, following an order of... 199 comments Tesla-Bound Chris Lattner May Have 'Felt Constrained' by Apple's Culture of Secrecy [Update: Denied] 3 days ago on Front Page Earlier this week, Swift creator and LLVM co-author Chris Lattner announced he will be leaving Apple later this month—he is headed to Tesla to lead its autopilot engineering team as Vice President of... 97 comments Consumer Reports Reverses Course, Recommends MacBook Pro Following New Testing After Apple Bug Fix 3 days ago on Front Page Consumer Reports is out with an updated report on the 2016 MacBook Pro, and following retesting, the magazine is now recommending Apple's latest notebooks. In the new test, conducted running... 451 comments Court Rules Apple Can be Sued for Monopolizing iPhone App Market 3 days ago on Front Page A U.S. Appeals Court today ruled that App Store customers can move forward with a lawsuit claiming Apple created an illegal app monopoly because it did not allow users to purchase iPhone apps outside... 734 comments Apple Seeds Fourth Beta of iOS 10.2.1 to Developers and Public Beta Testers 3 days ago on Front Page Apple today seeded the fourth beta of an upcoming iOS 10.2.1 update to developers and public beta testers, a few days after seeding the third iOS 10.2.1 beta and a month after releasing iOS 10.2, the... 45 comments A 10.5-Inch iPad Pro Could Match the 12.9-Inch Model's Resolution and the iPad Mini's Pixel Density 3 days ago on Front Page Apple is rumored to be working on a new iPad Pro that adopts an edge-to-edge display, and while it's said to be somewhere around 10 inches, there are a lot of mixed rumors about the specific size... 174 comments • Apple's Lisa Jackson Joins Federal Committee Advising on Vehicle Automation (42) • Apple Plans to Launch Original TV Shows Comparable to 'Westworld' and 'Stranger Things' By End of 2017 (213) • Apple Set to Earn $1 Trillion in Revenue From iOS Ecosystem By Middle of 2017 (79) • Worldwide Mac Sales Remain Steady in 4Q 2016 Amid Continuing PC Market Decline (200) • Tony Fadell Shares New Details on Prototype iPhone Software With Virtual iPod Clickwheel (57) • AirPods Have Captured One Quarter of Wireless Headphone Spending Since Launching (174) • iPhone Captured 31% of Smartphone Sales in the U.S. Ahead of Holiday Season (127)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade The Binding of Issac, The Nintendo Switch, and More! - The TouchArcade Show #290 TouchArcade Needs Your Help - Tell Your Friends and Support Our Patreon TouchArcade Game of the Week: 'The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth' 'Sonny' Review - An Accessible Social-Style RPG Without IAP 'Card City Nights 2' Under Development, Adds Online Multiplayer 'Rome: Total War' iPad Developer Feral Interactive is Teasing Two Mysterious iOS Games AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Apple removes New York Times app from China store - Irish Sun Issue 016/15 Irish Sun        http://www.irishsun.com   Ireland News Breaking International News Breaking Business News Europe Sports News Dublin News Economics News Belfast News Breaking Internet News Web Site Development News Healthcare News Ireland News Utilities News Apple removes New York Times app from China store Irish Sun Friday 6th January, 2017 • App removed for violating unspecified local laws • Apple said a government agency had pointed out the violation of local regulations • NYT said Apple was asked to reconsider the decision BEIJING, China - Global technology giant Apple has withdrawn the New York Times from its China App Store for violating unspecified local laws, on a request from Chinese authorities. According to NYT, Apple removed both the English-language and Chinese-language apps from the App Store in China on December 23 without warning. "We have been informed that the app is in violation of local regulations," said Apple spokesman Fred Sainz.  "As a result, the app must be taken down off the China App Store. When this situation changes, the App Store will once again offer the New York Times app for download in China." While Apple hasn’t specified the exact regulations that were violated in the case or revealed which government agency made the request - NYT said Apple was asked to reconsider the decision.  "The request by the Chinese authorities to remove our apps is part of their wider attempt to prevent readers in China from accessing independent news coverage by The New York Times of that country - coverage which is no different from the journalism we do about every other country in the world, including the United States," Eileen Murphy, an NYT spokesperson, said in an emailed statement. The paper also noted that other international news organizations were still live, suggesting that the paper was singularly targeted. The NYT has faced a series of blows in China over the last few years.  Its Chinese and English language websites have both been blocked in the country for several years, and the company has struggled to obtain visas for new China-based reporters. The New York Times said that it believes the request was probably made under Provisions on the Administration of Internet Application Informations Services regulations that were introduced in June 2016.  According to the regulations, apps are prevented from publishing prohibited information and "endangering national security, disrupting social order and violating the legitimate rights and interests of others." TechCrunch quoted a 2013 report to the Center for International Media Assistance that said, “China’s tactics for external censorship are a well-established pattern.” Adding, “When the Chinese government lacks direct control over the means of news dissemination or the technical capacity to block content, economic “carrots and sticks” have helped co-opt foreign companies into hindering Chinese audiences’ access to the outlets’ content. For example, since September 2011, Apple has removed from its iPhone and iPad China store applications for iSun Affairs, NTDTV, and an overseas bookstore with works on Tibet, Xinjiang, and democracy. The only explanation, if any, that the app developers received from the tech giant was an unchallenged assertion that their content is “illegal” in China.” Share this article: Back to Irish Sun Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Featured Story U2 tickets selling for whopping 900 euros each DUBLIN, Ireland - With epic rock band, U2 set to perform at a concert in Croke Park in July this year - a flurry of activity has been witnessed around ticket sales already.  Tickets are set to go on sale officially from tomorrow - however, a day before the official sales begin, tickets to watch the band perform live are already being sold and for nothing less than a whopping 900 euros each.  According to reports, fans that subscribed to the band’s official website were granted access to a pre-sale ticket portal last week and industry sources revealed that diehard fans with access to these tickets have chosen to sell them for a profit.  A set of tickets are said to have become available on official and black market websites since last week.  Tickets available currently on websites like Seatwave and Viagogo are being sold at prices higher than face value.  Officially, tickets for the Lower Davin Stand and pitch area of Croke Park have been priced at 76 euros, along with an extra charge of 3.30 euros for agent fees. Meanwhile, those in other parts of the Cusack and Hogan stands carry a value between 110 euros to 186 euros. But on these websites, the prices have been jacked up.   As of Sunday night, Seatwave, that is run by Ticketmaster, had advertised for 650 tickets that were available for sale.  Reports pointed ut that a pair of tickets was sold at 2,070 euros over the weekend and was for the standing section. It included extra charges and was priced at 13 times above face value.  A spokesperson for Ticketmaster defended the sale in a statement that said that Seatwave prices were set by the person selling the tickets and not the company. The spokesperson said, “The thing about Seatwave is that it is a safe and secure market so tickets would be genuine. The ticket prices are set by the seller, which in this instance is not Ticketmaster, but that price may not necessarily be secured by the seller. Ticketmaster is just facilitating the sale." Find Irish Sun on Facebook Latest Irish Sun news U2 tickets selling for whopping 900 euros each DUBLIN, Ireland - With epic rock band, U2 set to perform at a concert in ... Man in his 20s remains in critical state after being injured in street assault WICKLOW, Ireland - A man, believed to be in his 20s was gravely injured in ... No. 20 Irish go to 5-0 in ACC Notre Dame guard Steve Vasturia scored 20 points and the 20th-ranked Irish took over sole ... Ireland's issues deepen with Afghanistan defeat and ball-by-ball details Ireland's woes in the T20 format continued as they were no match for ... Irish economy, State’s finances rapidly improving, credit rating firm Fitch claims DUBLIN, Ireland - Leading credit rating firm, Fitch has maintained its A rating on Ireland ... Second case of bird flu confirmed in Ireland SIPTU will ballot Dublin Fire Brigade members for strike action Female post-office worker assaulted in raid by violent and armed gang Additional Irish Sun news Sponsored by oilprice.com Please Enable Javascript for this Oil Price widget to work Ireland News U2 tickets selling for whopping 900 euros each Man in his 20s remains in critical state after being injured in street assault No. 20 Irish go to 5-0 in ACC Ireland's issues deepen with Afghanistan defeat Irish economy, State’s finances rapidly improving, credit rating firm Fitch claims More Ireland News Breaking International News Australian billionaire implicated in latest Israeli prime minister corruption probe U.S. likely to continue 'carrot and stick policy' with Pakistan under Trump Trump Scolds Civil Rights Icon Lewis, Days Before MLK Holiday Nissan starts testing autonomous cars in London next month How the optimism of Obama's speech was its own kind of resistance to Trump More Breaking International News Breaking Business News UK prepared to play hardball in breaking with European Union Nissan starts testing autonomous cars in London next month Iran refutes reports of storing crude oil on water SpaceX launches, lands rocket for first time since September blast Japan and Australia agree to hold joint military training and exercises More Breaking Business News Europe Sports News Amri Yahyah to make difference for Melaka United says CB Khair Jones Liverpool withdraw Joel Matip from Man United game due to FIFA eligibility issue Mauro Icardi stars as Inter Milan come back to beat Chievo Watford fail to sparkle as fans honour memory of Graham Taylor Crystal Palace defence dismal in heavy West Ham loss More Europe Sports News Dublin News U2 tickets selling for whopping 900 euros each Man in his 20s remains in critical state after being injured in street assault No. 20 Irish go to 5-0 in ACC Ireland's issues deepen with Afghanistan defeat Irish economy, State’s finances rapidly improving, credit rating firm Fitch claims More Dublin News Economics News Britain Hints at a Brexit Negotiating Strategy Sri Lankas mega port city poised to change face of Colombo Demonetisation fallout ATM makers get a big boost in new orders Yemeni and UAE troops head north paper China Vietnam agree to manage differences on South China Sea More Economics News Belfast News Graeme Storm beats Rory McIlroy to win SA Cup Notebook McIlroy likely to sit out 2020 Olympics Exeter Chiefs keep European hopes alive with narrow win over Ulster by five tries to three at Sandy Park Cardiff Devils 2-3 Belfast Giants Coach Andrew Lord demands reaction from players as capacity crowd are stunned into silence IRS eases relief rules for botched IRA rollovers More Belfast News Breaking Internet News Possible interception of WhatsApp’s encrypted messages rakes up controversy Trump Says Democrats Most Angry That Working Class Voted for Him Centre to install new grievance redressal mechanism for army personnel Jawans complaining on social media can create divide within armed forces Security analyst Taiwan President Connects to Twitter During Sensitive US Stopover More Breaking Internet News Web Site Development News Building a Low-Level Trie With Rust The Need for Automation Testing What’s New in MongoDB 3.4 Running Mission-Critical Applications Walking Through Bluemix Videos Sitecore Unlocks Content Commerce Disconnect in Latest Release More Web Site Development News Subscribe to our Newsletter Get the latest Irish Sun headlines delivered to your inbox. *We hate spam as much as you. Privacy Utilities News Nissan starts testing autonomous cars in London next month Iran refutes reports of storing crude oil on water UN Data Forum opens in South Africa to harness power of data for sustainable development Zimbabwe Lawmakers Target Diaper Companies to Deal with Trash Public Health Problem Step down and avoid unnecessary bloodbath Gambias Jammeh told More Utilities News Ireland News Breaking International News Breaking Business News Europe Sports News Dublin News Economics News Belfast News Breaking Internet News Web Site Development News Healthcare News Ireland News Utilities News Contact About Irish Sun News Releases Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Sitemap Archived Stories © 2000 - 2017 Irish Sun - Midwest Radio Network Pty Ltd. - (LU) A division of Big News Network. All rights reserved
Menu Search Home News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Connect2Classes Classified ads Merchandise Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal Privacy policy Terms of use Sign In HeraldNet.com Search Home News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Connect2Classes Classified ads Merchandise Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal Privacy policy Terms of use Motives questioned after Apple pulls NY Times app from China Thu Jan 5th, 2017 8:07am Business You must sign in or register to continue reading content. By Simon Denyer The Washington Post BEIJING — Apple has removed the New York Times app from its digital store in China, acting on what it says were orders from the Chinese government. But the fact that the move was made on the same day a New York Times reporter contacted Apple about a potentially embarrassing story for the California-based company — as well as the fact that other international news apps were unaffected — has raised doubts about the precise motives behind the action. The New York Times, which offers content in both English and Chinese, is one of a growing number of foreign news organizations whose content is blocked in China, although some people here use special software to bypass the censorship system. The Times said the app had been removed from Apple stores on Dec. 23, apparently under regulations issued last June preventing mobile apps from engaging in activities that endanger national security or disrupt social order. But that was the same day that New York Times reporter, David Barboza, first contacted Apple for comment on a story about billions of dollars in hidden perks and subsidies the Chinese government provides to the world’s largest iPhone factory, run by Apple’s partner Foxconn. That story went online on Dec. 29. GreatFire.org, an anti-censorship group, worked with the New York Times to launch a version of its Chinese-language app in July that circumvented Chinese censorship in ways the government could not easily prevent. It pointed out that its Chinese-language Android app continues to work unobstructed in China, while its own own FreeWeibo app had earlier also been removed from the Apple store. It tweeted that, its opinion, the censorship was related to the Times piece about subsidies for Foxconn. Even if the timing was merely a coincidence, the news underlines how American information technology companies are being forced to play by China’s rules if they want to do business here – even at some cost to their reputation in the West. It is also another example of how the noose is gradually tightening under the world’s largest system of censorship known as the Great Firewall of China. But it also comes as China redoubles its own efforts to spread the Communist Party’s message far and wide across the world, including in the United States. The latest move throws up another barrier for Chinese readers, especially new customers. The app is available in Apple stores in Hong Kong and Taiwan, for example, but users need a credit card billing address outside mainland China to download it, the Times reported. “For some time now the New York Times app has not been permitted to display content to most users in China and we have been informed that the app is in violation of local regulations,” Apple spokesman Fred Sainz told the Times. “As a result, the app must be taken down off the China App Store. When this situation changes, the App Store will once again offer the New York Times app for download in China.” The Washington Post’s website is not blocked in China, and its English-language app is available on the Apple store, but many other news organizations are blocked. The Times said it had asked Apple to reconsider its decision. Criticism also rained down online. As my colleagues Emily Rauhala and Elizabeth Dwoskin reported last month, California’s Internet companies may have once dreamed of liberating China through technology, but these days they seem more willing than ever to play the Communist Party’s game; case in point, news that Facebook is developing a censorship tool that many interpreted as an attempt to get its service unblocked here. The news of the Times’ app being blocked was not reported by Chinese media, but filtered through to a few Netizens. “We are closing our doors to the outside world,” lamented one user of weibo, China’s equivalent of Twitter. “This is a restoration of the Cultural Revolution or another historical retrogression,” said another. The news also comes as China Central Television (CCTV), a propaganda arm of the Communist Party and the country’s largest TV network, launched a new global platform on New Year’s Day to try to improve China’s image overseas. In a congratulatory letter, President Xi Jinping urged the newly launched China Global Television Network to “tell China’s story well, spread China’s voice well, let the world know a three-dimensional, colorful China, and showcase China’s role as a builder of world peace.” The Washington Post is one of many Western newspapers that carries a regular paid supplement by China Daily, another Communist Party mouthpiece. Most Read Everett man allegedly threatens 2 with machete EVERETT — An Everett man landed in jail after allegedly striking two… Jan 14th, 2017 by Eric Stevick Seattle Seahawks vs. Atlanta Falcons: Game Day preview Saturday’s game between the Seattle Seahawks (10-5-1) and the Atlanta Falcons (11-5)… Jan 14th, 2017 by Nick Patterson Flu death toll rises to 8 in Snohomish County EVERETT — This year’s influenza epidemic has now killed eight people in… Jan 14th, 2017 by Sharon Salyer Editorial cartoons for Saturday, Jan. 14 Editorial cartoons for Saturday, Jan. 14 Jan 14th, 2017 Illegal parking lot highlights silt problems in area streams KENMORE — As Eric Adman paddled a canoe into the mouth of… Jan 15th, 2017 by Noah Haglund © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About Us Privacy policy Terms of use Contact us
Weather Your 4-day local weather forecast Monday January 16, 2017 News Business Larger / SmallerNight Mode ATO investigates 35 e-commerce multinationals for sending income offshore Nassim Khadem 17 Sep 2016, 12:15 a.m. Thirty-five e-commerce companies are under review or audit by the Australian Taxation Office for routing income through low-tax nations such as Singapore to avoid paying tax locally. ATO investigates 35 e-commerce multinationals for sending income offshore ATO deputy commissioners Jeremy Hirschhorn (left) and Mark Konza. Photo: Alex Ellinghausen Maile Carnegie, former managing director of Google Australia & New Zealand, was one of the witnesses pulled before the Senate inquiry in Sydney on April 8, 2015. Photo: Christopher Pearce Ann-Maree Wolff and Phil Edmands testified for Rio Tinto at the corporate tax avoidance inquiry. Photo: Jesse Marlow Uber's director of public policy (Oceania), Brad Kitschke , appears before the Corporate Tax Avoidance inquiry on November 18, 2015 in Sydney. Photo: Dominic Lorrimer Tweet Facebook of ╳ exit Thirty-five e-commerce companies are under review or audit by the Australian Taxation Office for routing income through low-tax nations such as Singapore to avoid paying tax locally. The move comes as more companies challenge the ATO's right to tax their profits by appealing directly to international tax authorities. In an interview with Fairfax Media, ATO deputy commissioner Mark Konza also signalled a warning to companies "contriving" new tax arrangements to escape being hit by the federal government's new anti-avoidance laws, known informally as Australia's "Google tax". He said the ATO was looking at the tax structures used by several well-known multinationals that route profits through low-tax nations. Pressed about which low-tax nations he was referring to, Mr Konza would not name specific countries or companies, but said many of the cases were detailed during the recent Senate inquiry into corporate tax avoidance. Companies including Apple, Microsoft, Google, Uber and Airbnb were just some of the companies interrogated during that inquiry for their use of low-tax or no-tax jurisdictions. Of the 35 e-commerce cases under investigation, Mr Konza said 17 were at review stage, and 18 were under audit. Those reviews and audits are focused on whether the amount of income declared in Australia is adequate, he said. Is enough income being declared? Mr Konza said the recent high-profile European Commission decision against Apple –  that the company had received "illegal state aid" and will have to pay back up to €13 billion ($19 billion) in back taxes, plus interest, to Ireland – did not have direct implications on Australian taxpayers. That was about whether the correct tax rate had been applied to income, he said. In the Australian context it was about whether the right amount of income has been declared in Australia. At the Senate inquiry, Tax Commissioner Chris Jordan accused multinationals including Apple, Microsoft and Google of giving inaccurate evidence and signalled they had been under audit for "aggressive tax planning". The inquiry heard, for example, that in Google and Microsoft's case, the companies sent income to low-tax Singapore as well as no-tax nations such as Bermuda. The inquiry had also heard from companies such as Uber, which routes through Nethrlands, and Airbnb which sends income through Ireland. Uber has, for example, paid just over $403,000 tax in Australia over a three-year period. Appeals against tax bills on the rise If a company feels that they have been unfairly taxed by two different countries, it can appeal to tax administrators. In recent years the number of multinational companies appealing Australia's right to tax – under an international process known as a mutual agreement procedure (MAP) –  has spiked. These cases do not just impact e-commerce companies, but all multinationals, particularly those involved in transfer pricing disputes. ATO figures show that as of June 30 2016 there were 37 MAP cases in progress (up from 23 at the end of 2015), most of which relate to transfer pricing issues. The ATO said so far 13 MAP cases have been finalised (10 of which were related to transfer pricing). Of the 10 transfer pricing-related MAP cases finalised, nine resulted in revenue "adjustments", five of which saw more revenue flowing to Australia, and four of which resulted in less revenue. Asked how much revenue this amounted to, an ATO spokesman said: "We do not give out details about revenue adjustments." Mr Konza said the ATO was working with the OECD to avoid tax revenue wars with overseas tax administrators. "There's been a lot of progress over the past three years in getting clearer and agreed rules on how things should be done," Mr Konza said. Multinationals try to circumvent the "Google tax"  The bigger concern, Mr Konza said, was that a number of companies and their tax advisers were turning to dubious tax structures to avoid getting hit by the federal government's multinational anti-avoidance laws (MAAL). The MAAL applies to multinational groups that operate in Australia but book their profits offshore. As previously revealed to Fairfax Media, ​the ATO has identified 175 companies that may fall within the scope of the laws. Mr Konza said to escape being hit by the laws, tricky schemes were being developed whereby an Australian partnership is interposed between the foreign company and the Australian customer. The multinationals then claim that because the partnership is technically an "Australian entity" for tax purposes – even though its profits are predominantly allocated to offshore entities for tax purposes –  the MAAL does not apply. But Mr Konza said he was appalled by the conduct of two taxpayers – one was a service company and the other was a financial services company – that had used this "contrived" and "artificial" arrangement to prevent being hit by the laws. He said in one purported partnership case just 1 per cent of the income was coming to the Australian entity, and 99 per cent was still going through the foreign entity. "I was quite shocked by what I saw," Mr Konza said. "I thought it was a blatant attempt [to work] against the will of Parliament." The amount of money involved in these two matters was worth tens of millions of dollars, but Mr Konza said it was not about the amount of individual tax involved, but the fact that their intent was to undermine the laws. "That's a situation that the ATO and the federal government will not tolerate," he said. The story ATO investigates 35 e-commerce multinationals for sending income offshore first appeared on The Sydney Morning Herald. Latest News Four people hospitalised after Yallah crash All hands on deck for ship Sydney Harbour Tunnel reopened after 'momentary' power cut causes closure Australia Day 2017: Sydney's program of events unveiled Bill Shorten throws support behind federal ICAC following Sussan Ley scandal Editor's Picks An addict broke her jaw. The force broke her spirit Man, 20, bitten by shark in waist-deep water on South Coast Missing: broken hearts keep asking why Top Stories Think you can spot a scam email? Take the test 28 Illawarra gems most tourists miss Illawarra's most expensive homes 2016 – in pictures ‘Folkies’ all friends at Illawarra’s annual song and story-fest: photos Man shot at Koonawarra Multimedia +more multimedia stories Photos Video Interactive Inside Radiance of the Seas’ voyage to Wollongong: blog Stay with us from 6am on Sunday as we keep you updated on the Radiance of the Seas’ ... Illawarra celebrates Melbourne Cup Day 2016: photos, video Illawarra punters party hard on Melbourne Cup day. 18 Wollongong eateries to try - from Friday night feeds to lazy Sunday breakfasts Some favourite feeds from the Illawarra Mercury reporting team. Radiance of the Seas arrives in Wollongong: your photos Have you got a Radiance of the Seas photo you’d like to share? Contact Us About Us Advertising Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright © 2017. Fairfax Media. Fairfax Media Front Page News Loading... Sport Loading... Opinion Loading... Community Loading... Life & Style Loading... Entertainment Loading... Classifieds Loading... Multimedia Loading... Front Page News Local News Regional Focus National World Business Politics Kochie's Business Builders Digital Edition Sport Local Sport Hawks Nest Dragon's Den Fishing AFL Soccer Basketball Junior Sport News Opinion Letters Opinion Editorial Community Local Business Feature Competitions Sponsorships Subscribe Life & Style Food & Wine Health Home & Garden Money Relationships Travel Domain Cars Pets & Animals Entertainment Books & Arts Celebrity TV & Movies Technology TV Guide Classifieds Real Estate Jobs Notices Place a Classifieds Ad Tributes Celebrations Ag and Rural Multimedia Photos Video Interactive Search NewsBusiness Smartphone Tablet - Narrow Tablet - Wide Desktop
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Opinion: Does Apple need to make an Amazon Echo/Google Home speaker, or just make Siri better? Trending in Apple 10 years on, how the iPhone changed our lives, reactions from the 9to5Mac team Trending in Apple Apple’s AirPods and the best cord-free competition compared Trending in Apple 2017 & Beyond: What’s next for Mac, and what of its longer-term future? Trending in Apple Comment: OWC’s ‘DEC’ attachment highlights the portability progress Apple has made with the MacBook Pro Trending in Apple Opinion: Why the LG 5K UltraFine isn’t the MacBook Pro display I’m looking for January 5 AAPL: 116.61 0.59 Apple Pay gains support for MORE loyalty card/payroll deduct program accepted at over 300k vending machines Jordan Kahn - Jan. 5th 2017 7:53 am PT @JordanKahn Apple View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit USA Technologies announced today that Apple Pay is getting support for its MORE loyalty card and payroll deduct program that is accepted at more than 300,000 vending machines across the US. The company is demoing the new integration this week at CES 2017. Following the integration, unattended operators will be able to offer an enhanced experience to their customers using Apple Pay, which is transforming mobile payments with an easy, secure and private way to pay that’s fast and convenient. In turn, consumers making a purchase will be able to take advantage of exclusive offers, promotions and discounts toward future purchases at participating self-serve machines connected to USAT’s ePort Connect platform. USA Technologies plans to roll out the technology to select unattended retail locations nationwide over the coming months. The company has also redesigned the UX for its machines to better promote Apple Pay and make the experience easier for iPhone and Apple Watch users: “Any consumer that presents an iPhone or Apple Watch at a participating merchant location will receive an electronic prompt to join USAT’s MORE. program. Consumers that opt in can then add a MORE. loyalty card right to Apple Wallet and immediately begin reaping benefits every time they use Apple Pay at a participating machine, as the loyalty information will be automatically shared with the transaction.” Back in November a study noted that similar Apple Pay branding on vending machines increased mobile payment usage 135% and overall sales by as much as 36%. Apple Pay is now supported through over 1600 supported banks and credit unions in the US with the service adding an additional 17 institutions just earlier this week. The service is also available through a growing list of partners internationally in Australia, China, Hong Kong, Japan, New Zealand, Singapore, France, Russia, Spain, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, and Canada. In December Apple said around 35 percent of US retailers now support Apple Pay, while an earlier report noted the service was gaining traction as an online payment platform too after launching Apple Pay on the web for website checkouts in September. blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Menu Subscribe Login My CSMonitor.com Login Register Manage Profile My Saved Items Log Out Subscription Information Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account Daily News Briefing FREE E-mail Newsletter Subscribe Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account Daily News Briefing FREE E-mail Newsletters Passcode Monitor Breakfast EqualEd Inhabit Home World All World Africa Africa Monitor Americas Latin America Monitor Asia Pacific Asia: South & Central Europe Middle East Global News Blog Passcode Passcode Voices Passcode Influencers Security Culture Progress Watch People Making a Difference Change Agent Specials Africa's AIDS Orphans Little Bill Clinton Hostage: The Jill Carroll Story World Topics Human Trafficking Series USA All USA Politics Monitor Breakfast Politics Voices Decoder Foreign Policy Military Justice USA Update Education EqualEd Society Politics of US Series Commentary All Commentary The Monitor's View Readers Respond Upfront Blog Global Newsstand Monitor Political Cartoons A Christian Science Perspective Business All Business The Bite Tax VOX The New Economy Saving Money In Gear Paper Economy Robert Reich Guide to Giving Energy / Environment All Energy / Environment Energy Energy Voices Inhabit Inhabit Events Technology All Technology Breakthroughs Voices Science All Science Complexity Science Notebook Spacebound Culture All Culture Arts Full Frame Photoblog Music Movies Monitor Movie Guide TV Verbal Energy The Home Forum Culture Cafe Family Food Stir It Up! Recipe Categories Books All Books Books Reviews Chapter & Verse Readers' Picks Take Action All Take Action Environment Education Conflict Resolution Disaster Relief and Recovery Human Trafficking Business First Look Why Apple removed the New York Times from its app store in China The move came one month after the Cyberspace Administration of China called for greater media scrutiny to prevent social disorder, moral harm, and threats to national security. Monitor's Best: Top 5 Focus Terror and the Mexico border: How big a threat? Devices sprout ears: What do Alexa and Siri mean for privacy? For many, problems with Obamacare are personal, not partisan (+video) The surprising response to Trump son-in-law's new White House post Who betrayed Anne Frank? Maybe no one. Popular Now First Look Scientists finally decode the Great Molasses Flood of 1919 Mysterious seadragon finally spotted alive – and caught on video Focus Terror and the Mexico border: How big a threat? First Look This star has a secret – even better than 'alien megastructures' First Look Was D.B. Cooper a Boeing worker? Photos of the weekend SUBSCRIBE An Apple logo hangs above the entrance to the Apple store on 5th Avenue in the Manhattan borough of New York City on July 21, 2015. Mike Segar/ Reuters | Caption Gretel Kauffman Staff | @gretelkauffman January 5, 2017 —The New York Times's apps can no longer be found in the Apple app store in China.  Apple removed both the English- and Chinese-language apps late last month at the request of Chinese authorities, according to the Times. The apps had allowed readers in mainland China to access Times articles without needing to use a Virtual Private Network, or a VPN, to sidestep China's censorship apparatus after the government began blocking the Times’s websites in 2012.  "For some time now the New York Times app has not been permitted to display content to most users in China and we have been informed that the app is in violation of local regulations," said Fred Sainz, an Apple spokesman, as reported by the Times. "As a result, the app must be taken down off the China App Store. When this situation changes, the App Store will once again offer the New York Times app for download in China."  The move came one month after the Cyberspace Administration of China called for greater media scrutiny to prevent social disorder, moral harm, and threats to national security. Amnesty International said Apple's compliance with the Chinese authorities in removing the New York Times apps fits into a broader, growing trend of big tech companies enabling China to crack down on free speech, according to CNN.  "China has a very particular view of how the Internet should be run: under a heavy government thumb," Peter Ford reported for The Christian Science Monitor in December 2015 from Beijing: And Beijing would like the rest of the world to agree that each government should rule its own Internet territory as it sees fit.... The Chinese government has made the Internet one of its top priorities. With over 650 million people online and four of the world’s top ten Internet companies, Beijing has publicly set a course to be "an Internet superpower" by the end of this decade. "Harnessing cyberspace is central to the Communist party’s policy," says Bill Bishop, a veteran China watcher and Internet entrepreneur. "They have a strategy … to harness the Internet for maximum value for government and business and to control any challenge" from critics. The Times had asked Apple to reconsider its decision, to no avail.  How much do you know about China? Take our quiz. "The request by the Chinese authorities to remove our apps is part of their wider attempt to prevent readers in China from accessing independent news coverage by The New York Times of that country, coverage which is no different from the journalism we do about every other country in the world," Eileen Murphy, a Times spokeswoman in New York, said in a statement.  A spokesman for Apple declined on comment on what local regulations the Times apps reportedly violated, who had contacted Apple and when, and whether a court order or other legal document had been presented, according to the Times.  Patrick Poon, a researcher with Amnesty International, told CNN he found it "extremely worrying that Apple is kowtowing to China's censorship by deleting New York Times apps."  Chinese mainstream media has not reported the app removal, although the move was discussed by many on social media.  "This must be coming from the request of The Wall right?" one web user wrote on the microblogging service Weibo, in reference to state-backed internet censorship. "Apple has made enough money in China, it's OK for it to take the blame this time for the sake of the money." Follow Stories Like This Get the Monitor stories you care about delivered to your inbox. Sign-Up × Apps from other international news outlets whose websites have been blocked in China, including those of the Financial Times, The Wall Street Journal, and CNN, were still available on the App Store in China as of Thursday. This report contains material from Reuters.  Print/Reprints Next Up How much do you know about China? Take our quiz. China's epic 'Great Wall' blockbuster draws epic criticism, and officials are not pleased By Michael Holtz Briefing East Asia in 2017: On land and sea, a year of building power bases By Michael Holtz Photos of the Day Photos of the weekend Our Award-Winning Publication Subscribe to the Monitor's trustworthy weekly review of global news and ideas. SUBSCRIBE Stay Current. Go Far. Discover the Monitor Difference About Contact Us Subscribe E-Readers Advertise With Us Careers Find us online Content Map Text Edition Corrections Reprints & Permissions Multimedia A Christian Science Perspective © The Christian Science Monitor.All Rights Reserved. Terms.Privacy Policy.
Neowin Login Sign up News Latest Microsoft Google Apple Software Nintendo might have a solution for migrating previous purchases to the Switch 1 hour ago Behold, the Xbox One S laptop! 2 hours ago Xiaomi Redmi Pro review: Dual camera and 10 cores without breaking the bank 4 hours ago Here's some additional Switch content from Nintendo of Japan 5 hours ago View all recent news Acer's Liquid Jade Primo Windows phone disappears from the US Microsoft Store 6 hours ago Skype for Linux Alpha gets updated to 1.15, adds autostart and start minimized features 20 hours ago 7 Days: A week of Windows 10 updates, Nintendo's gaming goodness, and all sorts of Androids Jan 14, 2017 Bluetooth improvements are coming in the Windows 10 Creators Update Jan 14, 2017 View all Microsoft news Apple's App Store experienced 60% growth, Google Play app revenue grew 82% in Q4 2016 20 hours ago YouTube "Super Chat" is a new way to support livestream comments Jan 14, 2017 7 Days: A week of Windows 10 updates, Nintendo's gaming goodness, and all sorts of Androids Jan 14, 2017 Google's internet drone Project Titan has come to an end Jan 14, 2017 View all Google news Apple's App Store experienced 60% growth, Google Play app revenue grew 82% in Q4 2016 20 hours ago 7 Days: A week of Windows 10 updates, Nintendo's gaming goodness, and all sorts of Androids Jan 14, 2017 Apple App Store anti-trust lawsuit brought back from the dead Jan 13, 2017 It's now possible to request an Uber ride directly from Google Maps Jan 13, 2017 View all Apple news Bulk Crap Uninstaller 3.6 Jan 13, 2017 AVG Anti-Virus Free 17.1.3006 Jan 12, 2017 Adobe Flash Player 24.0.0.194 Jan 12, 2017 Foxit Reader 8.2.0.2051 Jan 12, 2017 View all software news Features Reviews Editorials Unboxings Trending Xiaomi Redmi Pro review: Dual camera and 10 cores without breaking the bank 4 hours ago Elephone S7 review: affordability has its drawbacks 16 hours ago A quick review of the MGCool Band 2 fitness tracker Jan 3, 2017 Thecus W2810PRO review, a NAS device running Windows Storage Server 2012 R2 Essentials Jan 1, 2017 View all reviews Looking back: In 2016, Microsoft became one of the most exciting companies in the tech world Dec 31, 2016 Redmond delights: 10 reasons to be excited about Microsoft's future Nov 14, 2016 Editorial - When replacing your Samsung Galaxy Note7, consider these replacement options Oct 16, 2016 Editorial - Horde 3.0 changed my mind about Gears of War 4 Sep 7, 2016 View all editorials First 24: Hands-on with Samsung's Gear S3 classic Nov 26, 2016 Spectre x360 (2016) unboxing and first impressions: HP may have a winner Nov 12, 2016 Alcatel IDOL 4S with Windows 10 unboxing and first impressions Nov 4, 2016 Unboxing the Lenovo Moto Z reveals some unexpected surprises Oct 21, 2016 View all unboxings This Weekend's PC Game Deals - There's a fix for every gamer in the current winter sale 11 hours ago Here's the complete list of all confirmed games for the Nintendo Switch Jan 14, 2017 Philippine government blocks Pornhub and other adult websites Jan 14, 2017 Xiaomi won't release sales figures anymore Jan 14, 2017 View all trending news Forums Deals Recent Highlights Interests On a Budget Save 48% off this Zendure A8 26,800mAh QC3.0 Portable Battery Bank via Neowin Deals Jan 13, 2017 Get the Oracle Database 12c Administration Training Bundle for just $49 via Neowin Deals Jan 12, 2017 Get this Professional Android Developer Bundle for just $39 via Neowin Deals Jan 11, 2017 Get this Fast Charging Qi Wireless Charging Stand for just $28.99 Jan 10, 2017 View all recent deals Best Sellers Pay What You Want Gear + Gadgets Software Bundles View all Neowin Deals For Developers Productivity Accessories E-Learning View all Neowin Deals Under $20 Freebies Giveaways View all Neowin Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ Apple says developers earned $20bn from App Store in 2016; Jan 1, 2017 was busiest day ever By Andy Weir Senior News Editor Neowin LLC @gcaweir · Jan 5, 2017 with 16 comments A year ago, Apple boasted of a record-breaking holiday season for its iTunes App Store, and proudly revealed that January 1, 2016 was its busiest day ever, with $144 million of app and in-app purchases on that one day. Today, the company said that New Year's Day this year had completely shattered that record; on January 1, 2017, the App Store racked up a staggering $240 million in purchases - an increase of 66% year-over-year. "Since the App Store launched in 2008," Apple said, "developers have earned over $60 billion, creating amazing app experiences for App Store customers across iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch, Apple TV and Mac." It also pointed out that last year alone, "developers earned over $20 billion, up over 40 percent from 2015." Throughout December, over $3 billion of purchases were made from the App Store, making it the most successful holiday season in the store's history. Nintendo's new Super Mario Run mobile game was the most downloaded app worldwide on both Christmas Day and New Year's Day, as well as being one of the top 10 most downloaded apps across the entire year, despite having only been released in mid-December. Apple said that the App Store now has over 2.2 million apps, an increase of more than 20% compared with a year ago, despite the company's decision to remove "problematic and abandoned" apps from the store in September. Source: Apple Tags Apple App store Apps Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Previous Story Project Neon: Screenshots preview upcoming design changes to Windows 10's user interface Next Story Sony has now sold 53.4 million PlayStation 4s, after 6.2 million sales in just six weeks Advertisement Community Activity Refresh [DKIM] Subdomain Mail Server in Internet, Network & Security Nintendo might have a solution for migrating previous purchases to the Switch in Front Page News Cat-Skinning: SMS and MMS apps that can avoid using mobile data in Android To upgrade or not upgrade... in Hardware Hangout Acer's Liquid Jade Primo Windows phone disappears from the US Microsoft Store in Front Page News How to backup data & OS when swapping HDD with SSD in Hardware Hangout Xiaomi won't release sales figures anymore in Front Page News Xiaomi Redmi Pro review: Dual camera and 10 cores without breaking the bank in Front Page News Trending Stories This Weekend's PC Game Deals - There's a fix for every gamer in the current winter sale 11 hours ago with 5 comments Here's the complete list of all confirmed games for the Nintendo Switch Jan 14, 2017 with 17 comments Philippine government blocks Pornhub and other adult websites Jan 14, 2017 with 42 comments Xiaomi won't release sales figures anymore Jan 14, 2017 with 4 comments Related Stories Apple pulls New York Times apps from App Store in China following government request Jan 5, 2017 Google and Apple reject female nudity app designed to bypass Instagram rules Dec 13, 2016 Apple to remove "problematic and abandoned" apps from the App Store Sep 1, 2016 Apple's "groundbreaking" first original TV show is called 'Planet of the Apps' Jul 13, 2016 · Hot! deals VPN Unlimited: Lifetime Subscription $499.99 $29.99 94% off Pay What You Want: White Hat Hacker 2017 Bundle $1,271.00 $1.00 100% off VPNSecure: Lifetime Subscription $450.00 $39.00 91% off Scrivener for Windows $40.00 $20.00 50% off Oracle Database 12c Administration Training Bundle $2,065.00 $49.00 98% off Show Comments 16 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first (thread view) Sort by newest first (thread view) Sort by oldest first (linear view) Sort by newest first (linear view) Advertisement Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search iOS App Store kicks off 2017 with record-setting New Year’s Day Eric Abent - Jan 5, 2017 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit It looks like the iOS App Store is off to a strong start to 2017, with Apple announcing today that New Year’s Day was a record-setting one for the digital storefront. On top of that, Apple also announced that 2016 was a “record-shattering year,” for the App Store. It seems that now is a good time to be an Apple developer, assuming you can claw your way into the top grossing and most popular charts. Apple says that App Store developers made a whopping $20 billion in 2016, a figure that has increased 40% of the total revenue for 2015. Of that $20 billion for 2016, $3 billion came in December alone, which makes sense when you consider the number of iDevices that were likely purchased as gifts. The top-grossing apps for 2016 include Monster Strike, Fantasy Westward, Clash Royale, and – of course – Pokemon GO. In fact, it won’t come as much of a shock to many people to hear that Pokemon GO came in as the most downloaded app of 2016. The app turned out to be a cultural phenomenon around the world, breaking App Store and Google Play Store records left and right after release. However, Pokemon GO has seen a new challenger appear in Super Mario Run. A success from the second it launched, Apple says that Super Mario Run was the most downloaded app on Christmas Day and New Year’s Day. That suggests we haven’t yet made it to the point where Super Mario Run‘s popularity drops off. The app managed to work its way into the top 10 most downloaded apps for 2016, which is particularly impressive when you consider that it only launched in December. In all, the App Store – and, by extension, the developers who produce apps for it – pulled in $240 million by the time the sun set on January 1. With 2.2 million apps now available on the App Store, 2017 is set to be even a better year, especially if New Year’s Day is any indication of success throughout the rest of the year. We shall see, but don’t be surprised if 2017 manages to beat 2016’s $20 billion figure. SOURCE: Apple Story Timeline Apple's App Store now has 2 million apps iOS App Store may soon offer up personalized app recommendations iOS App Store predicted to host 5 million apps by 2020 iMessage App Store is up, Mario, Disney stickers lead the pack Tags App StoreAppleAppsiOSPokemon GOSuper Mario Run Must Read Bits & Bytes SpaceX launches first rocket since explosion, deploying satellites & landing successfully Nintendo Switch online service: monthly games not really ‘free,’ smartphone-based multiplayer chat Here’s every Nintendo Switch game trailer released so far Andy Rubin created Android: now he’s making the “Essential” smartphone Nintendo Switch: Everything you really need to know Latest Headlines LG G6 promised not to explode Jan 15, 2017 More Nintendo Switch details: 2TB microSD card support, no Miiverse or StreetPass Jan 15, 2017 Apple debuts AirPods ads highlighting Siri and pairing Jan 15, 2017 Amazon seeks FCC permission for secret wireless testing Jan 15, 2017 Chinese app stores ordered to register with government Jan 15, 2017 Latest Reviews 2017 Cadillac CT6 Platinum AWD Review: Luxury, reinvented Jan 11, 2017 The McLaren 570S is my favorite car of 2016 Dec 30, 2016 2017 Hyundai Santa Fe Review: Affordable SUV more than matches its 7 passenger peers Dec 28, 2016 2016 BMW 330e Review: The secret plug-in hybrid Dec 26, 2016 2017 Infiniti Q60 Red Sport 400 Review Dec 26, 2016 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
PhoneDog Android And Me TmoNews NEW Official Smartphone Rankings, Vote NOW! TodaysiPhone.com The source for news, reviews, and articles surrounding Apple. Navigation Home News / Articles App Reviews Accessory Reviews Podcast TiP Us Join the TiP team HOT TOPICS: iPhone 8 TV app AirPods MacBook Pro with Touch Bar iPad Pro You are here: Home > January 1 set new App Store sales record in a day, $20 billion earned by developers in 2016 January 1 set new App Store sales record in a day, $20 billion earned by developers in 2016 January 5, 2017 Peter Cao Leave a comment Today Apple has announced that the App Store has hit a new sales record within a day, topping in at $240M on January 1, 2017. In December, the App Store a total of $3 billion in purchases were made. In total, developers made over $20 billion in App Store revenue in 2016, up 40% from last year. Apple’s press release says that New Years Day was the highest revenue day for the App Store, topping off at $240 million in revenue from apps and in-app purchases. This is likely due to games like Super Mario Run, Pokémon Go, and various other titles. “2016 was a record-shattering year for the App Store, generating $20 billion for developers, and 2017 is off to a great start with January 1 as the single biggest day ever on the App Store,” said Philip Schiller, Apple’s senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. “We want to thank our entire developer community for the many innovative apps they have created — which together with our products — help to truly enrich people’s lives.” Apple recently announced a 85/15 split for subscriptions that surpass one year. This means that apps like HBO and Netflix are able to gain more revenue from customers who are subscribed via the App Store for more than a year. Tags: App Store, Developers, Revenue About Peter Cao Peter has a passion for music and technology. He conceits himself by religiously rocking the Apple brand. You can find him on Twitter @iPeterCao. View all posts by Peter Cao → ← At request of Chinese government agency, Apple has removed New York Times app from Chinese App Store Apple Pay adds more support for loyalty card/payroll deduct programs → Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Number of Lines - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes Unlimited Messages: 500 Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB150MB200MB250MB300MB400MB500MB600MB700MB800MB900MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Home Phone Savings Pay Less on Home Phone Service popular topics Review: An AirPods review from an audiophile's perspective4 Apple features wallpapers for iPhone, iPad, and Mac to celebrate Chinese New Year1 Survey says the iPhone is the most popular gift on 2016 Christmas holiday wish lists1 Hands-on: First impression with AirPods1 Apple to exclusively use Samsung AMOLED panels for its 5.8-inch iPhone next year1 Report: Apple's AirPods and Beats wireless headphones make up 40% of recent Bluetooth headphone sales1 Foxconn begins automating its production lines, plans to automate entire factories1 KGI: 2017 iPhone will likely have glass front and back, stainless steel on premium models2 Apple Pay adds an additional 17 banks and credit unions in the U.S.1 Apple publishes first research paper focused on AI and advanced image recognition1 PhoneDog OEMs: Quit omitting the dang headphone jack The most iconic smartphones of the past decade Xiaomi Air 13 Laptop Review Moto holding MWC event on February 26 Samsung Galaxy S8 expected to include 3.5mm headphone jack Andy Rubin said to be prepping new high-end smartphone that supports hardware add-ons Sprint will give you $200 when you switch carriers and sign up for an unlimited plan Android And Me Motorola hosting MWC event on February Samsung Galaxy S8 may have a headphone Andy Rubin working on an AI-focused, Sprint offering $200 to switch carriers Top 10 Android app updates this week: ZTE will launch an Android Wear watch HTC cutting down on new smartphones TmoNews Florida woman drives SUV into T-Mobile HTC U Ultra is a new Android phablet T-Mobile rolls out LTE upgrades in Washington, ZTE Axon 7 Mini receiving update with Upcoming T-Mobile Tuesday will include Next week’s T-Mobile Tuesday includes T-Mobile CEO John Legere makes his predictions PhoneDog is one of the largest and most popular interactive mobile news and reviews resource that attracts a community of more than 2.5 million unique visitors each month. The site may have a "cute" name, but it offers up serious editorial content and video reviews that users rely on to make important decisions about their next mobile purchases. PhoneDog Media Family PhoneDog - Cell phone news Android And Me - Google & Android TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company About us In the press Advertising info Jobs & careers Terms of Use Privacy policy Popular iPad iTunes App Reviews Accessory Reviews Research & Shop Buying guide Phone finder Compare plans Phone specials Long distance © 2001-2017 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved.
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Aircharge And Master U.S. Distributor Xentris Wireless Introduce The Innovative Aircharge Wireless Charging Keyring At CES 2017 News provided by Xentris Wireless Jan 05, 2017, 11:04 ET Share this article LAS VEGAS, Jan. 5, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- CES -- Aircharge, pioneer in wireless charging technology for the home, office and public venues and their Master U.S. Distributor, Xentris Wireless, a leader in designing, manufacturing and distributing high quality, innovative wireless accessories, introduce the innovative Aircharge Wireless Charging Keyring to the U.S. market. The Aircharge Wireless Charging Keyring brings a world's first concept in wireless charging to the market. It conveniently enables any smartphone, including the latest iPhone7, and many portable tech gadgets and accessories such as tablets, Bluetooth® headsets, smartwatches and cameras, to charge wirelessly without the need of additional cables or adaptors. The smart design of the Wireless Charging Keyring combines practicality and style. At a first glance, what may simply appear as a stylish keyring for house or car keys, quickly unveils both an integrated Micro USB and an Apple certified Lightning™ connector to keep all your personal devices and accessories fully charged. Once connected to the device, the Wireless Charging Keyring can simply be placed on an Aircharge or other Qi wireless enabled charger to recharge the battery wirelessly. This unique feature makes the Wireless Charging Keyring ideal for charging both at home and on the go at one of the public venues the Aircharge Qi Locator App gives access to – more than 4,000 locations currently available and include restaurants, cafes, shops, train stations, airports, hotels and even gyms. The Wireless Charging Keyring has been beautifully crafted with premium materials and it is certified to the global wireless power specification, Qi, derived by the Wireless Power Consortium. The Lightning connector carries the official MFi (Made for iPhone) certification by Apple. The product is available in two versions sporting different materials and finishes at different price points – black nylon and silver aluminium. Originally presented in its concept form at IFA 2016 in Berlin, the Wireless Charging Keyring was successfully launched on the crowdfunding platform Kickstarter at the beginning of November and will now officially hit the mass market in early January. In addition to the Wireless Charging Keyring, Aircharge offers an extensive line of wireless charging products and accessories, including a unique range of Wireless Charging Cases compatible with Apple iPhone models, the portable and lightweight Slimline Qi Wireless Charging Pad and the premium and exclusive Executive Wireless Charger. To view the Aircharge products and to wirelessly charge your device, visit the Xentris Wireless booth at the Las Vegas Convention Center, South Hall #35729 during the CES 2017 show dates of Thursday, January 5 through Sunday, January 8. About Aircharge | www.air-charge.com | Aircharge Media Relations: stefanop@air-charge.com, +44 (0)1235 773 378 | Aircharge offers the latest in wireless charging solutions for public spaces, the office & home, and is one of the most progressive designers of technology-driven interiors products in the UK. Via our range of products and accessories we can enable any mobile device to charge wirelessly and we are the only brand with "Made for iPhone" certification across a full range of wireless charging cases for iPhone models. Aircharge is a member of the Wireless Power Consortium and all Aircharge products are fully compatible with all devices supporting its Qi global interoperable wireless charging standard. Aircharge's ambition is to lead the adoption of wireless charging on a global scale and by partnering with key leading brands across different sectors already provide access to more than 4,000 Qi wireless charging locations worldwide. You will find Aircharge solutions in your favourite café, restaurant and shops, at the airport, in hotels, gyms and even in cars. Venues with deploying Aircharge include McDonald's, Virgin Lounges, Virgin Trains, Eurostar, Emirates, Finnair, EE, Vodafone, Orange, O2, Premier Inn, IBIS and Novotel, just to name a few. And the list is growing every day. The Aircharge product range, incorporating the latest technologies, can be integrated into any environment including the home, the workplace and hospitality and retail venues. Responding to rapidly changing trends in working practices, technology and legislation, Aircharge offers a clever solution with simple installation & smart design. About Xentris Wireless | www.xentriswireless.com | Xentris Wireless is a leader in designing, manufacturing and distributing high quality, innovative wireless accessories supplying a full line of products to a wide range of customers and top wireless companies – including wireless carriers, retailers and dealer agents. With more than 25 years of experience, Xentris Wireless continues to provide exceptional product, sales, logistics and marketing solutions to the ever-changing wireless industry with proven success and continued commitment. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/aircharge-and-master-us-distributor-xentris-wireless-introduce-the-innovative-aircharge-wireless-charging-keyring-at-ces-2017-300386453.html SOURCE Xentris Wireless Related Links http://www.xentriswireless.com Jan 05, 2017, 11:04 ET Preview: Xentris Wireless Features Certified USB-C & Qualcomm® Quick Charge™ 3.0 Power Solutions Jan 06, 2016, 22:01 ET Preview: Xentris Wireless Features Xentris Premium Power Products My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Jan 05, 2017, 11:04 ETXentris Wireless Features Certified USB-C & Qualcomm® Quick... Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Consumer Electronics Wireless Communications New Products & Services Trade Show News You just read: Aircharge And Master U.S. Distributor Xentris Wireless Introduce The Innovative Aircharge Wireless Charging Keyring At CES 2017 News provided by Xentris Wireless Jan 05, 2017, 11:04 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu Canberra Times World Login Sign-up Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business Public Service World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Cars Travel Tech Video All News ACT News ACT Election 2016 National Environment Health Education Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News Queensland WA News Sport ACT Sport NRL Union AFL Cricket Racing Soccer Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business News Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Letters Editorials Obituaries View from the Street John Birmingham Satire Movies Music TV & Radio TV Guide Art Books Stage Video News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist The Store News Security Web Culture Innovation Science Games Gadgets on the Go Smartphone Apps Mobiles News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site Home World January 5 2017 Save Print Apple pulls New York Times app in China after government request Aishwarya Venugopal facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Apple has removed the New York Times' news apps from its app store in China following a request from the Chinese authorities, the companies said separately on Thursday. Apple removed both the English-language and Chinese-language apps from the iTunes store in China on December 23, according to the New York Times, which first reported the action. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Apple has previously removed news apps from its China app store, but none as high-profile as the New York Times. Photo: Bloomberg The request comes as the Cyberspace Administration of China (CAC), the country's top internet regulatory body, has called for greater media scrutiny, citing fears of social disorder, moral harm and threats to national security. The regulator did not immediately provide a comment on the removal of the New York Times app. "The request by the Chinese authorities to remove our apps is part of their wider attempt to prevent readers in China from accessing independent news coverage by the New York Times of that country," Times spokeswoman Eileen Murphy said. "We have asked Apple to reconsider their decision," Murphy said. Advertisement The Chinese government has blocked the Times' websites since 2012 after a series of articles on the wealth amassed by the family of Wen Jiabao, who was then prime minister, according to the New York Times report. "We have been informed that the app is in violation of local regulations," Apple spokesman Fred Sainz said. An Apple spokeswoman in China declined to comment on which regulatory body they conferred with and specific reasons behind the request. Apple has previously removed news apps from its China app store, but none as high-profile as the New York Times. Apple also removed its iBooks store and iTunes Movies services in April 2016 on request from authorities. The services remain blocked. Apps from other international publications whose websites are blocked by Chinese regulators, including CNN, The Wall Street Journal and the Financial Times, were still available in the app store on Thursday. Chinese mainstream media has not reported the app removal but it was discussed widely on social media. "This must be coming from the request of The Wall right?" said one user on Chinese social media service Weibo, referring to the country's state-backed internet censorship program. "Apple has made enough money in China, it's OK for it to take the blame this time for the sake of the money." Other users said they would attempt to change their country ID within the app store to restore access to the app. While the New York Times website has remained blocked since 2012, mirroring sites managed by anti-censorship advocates have periodically made its content available in the country. Reuters Advertisement Most Popular Trump dumps top officials in purge without precedent CIA director tells Donald Trump to watch his words Duterte gives green light for bombing of kidnappers and their captives Serbia says Kosovo wants war in stand-off over Serb nationalist train Berlin market attacker 'was on cocktail of drugs': police report Follow Fairfax Foreign Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow Canberra Times Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide World Trump dumps top officials in purge without precedent CIA director tells Donald Trump to watch his words Duterte gives green light for bombing of kidnappers and their captives 'I'm glad we're both alive': John Kerry's emotional stop in Vietnam The lost footage of Marilyn Monroe Canberra Times Trump dumps top officials in purge without precedent Mauled tenant's lawsuit against 'preventable' attack Just stop with the misogyny onslaught that is Jacketgate Canberra Airport pushes for fifth Singapore Airlines service Abbott slapped down as Turnbull opts for 'minimalist' reshuffle The Sydney Morning Herald Just stop with the misogyny onslaught that is Jacketgate Clem Ford: The toxic behaviour that cannot be excused or ignored Trump dumps top officials in purge without precedent Lululemon props up struggling Aussie arm Figure Eight Pools still popular despite warnings The Age Trump dumps top officials in purge without precedent Melbourne set to serve up a scorcher for Day Two of the tennis Abbott slapped down as Turnbull opts for 'minimalist' reshuffle Clem Ford: The toxic behaviour that cannot be excused or ignored Shannon Noll arrested outside Crazy Horse strip club in Adelaide Brisbane Times Severe storms bring heavy rain to south-east QLD Trump dumps top officials in purge without precedent Brisbane's new airport runway emerges from the sand Abbott slapped down as Turnbull opts for 'minimalist' reshuffle Just stop with the misogyny onslaught that is Jacketgate WA Today Top 8 WA areas to buy property in 2017 Perth pair wanted for holding a car and pet dog ransom Hillarys dog attack prompts calls for new horse beach Perth rubbish truck driver run over by speeding ute in Northbridge Just stop with the misogyny onslaught that is Jacketgate Canberra Times Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide Newsletters Canberra Times Photos Canberra Times Sitemap Subscriptions Contact Us Advertise With Us Sponsorship Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Place a free ad CT Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Domain Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Allhomes Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
Property Cars Family Notices Jobs Crosswords Subscriptions Home Delivery epaper Archive The Irish Times Monday 16th January 2017 Screenwriter The Irish Times Menu News Sport Business Debate Life & Style Culture Offers Search www.irishtimes.com Culture / Screenwriter Donald Clarke Whingeing about cinema and real life since 2009 Do we need “theatre mode” on phones? Rumours suggest that Apple are planning an option to make devices suitable for cinema screenings Donald Clarke Donald Thu, Jan 5, 2017, 16:31     This is one of those stories you can read two or three times without quite understanding what’s going on. An apparently reliable observer of Apple is claiming that the tech giant is about to launch a “theatre option” that will make the use of phones and iPads less irritating in cinemas. Sonny Dickson (for it is he) tells us the new OS will include a “popcorn-shaped Control Center icon” that will… do what? The Guardian reports Apple Insider as suggesting the control will “disable system sounds and haptic feedback, block incoming calls and messages and reduce initial screen brightness during a movie”. Hang on a moment! “Block incoming calls and messages”? So, what will the option do that is not already covered by the “Flight Mode”? You see what I mean about this story not making much sense. When at screenings, I set my phone to Flight Mode, as it is then quicker to start up afterwards than it would be had I just turned it off. You probably do the same. The whole premise of the story is infuriating. All decent, civilised people know the rules here. You do not use your phone in any way during a film. The same rule applies to funerals and heart transplants. People got by for a century without needing to play Angry Birds or view Tweets about kittens.The coming generation can bloody well do the same. Okay, I will allow a very few exceptions. When I wrote about this a few years back, a doctor politely noted that, previously unable to go to the pictures when on call, she could now attend the film with her phone turned to vibrate. If it rang she would, of course, leave the cinema before answering. This seemed a fair argument. If you are needed for genuine emergencies then keep your phone close to your thigh on silent mode. Everybody else is to turn the bloody thing off (or take the “flight mode” option). There is something genuinely depressing at the implication that modern citizens are now incapable of disconnecting for two hours. The cinema, like the theatre, is a place where we go to isolate ourselves from the business of everyday life. We can give in to escapism. We can focus on difficult material that challenges us. Neither activity is augmented by maintaining connection with those elsewhere. More importantly, the ambient light and the tapping is sure to irritate those who are behaving themselves elsewhere in the cinema. We didn’t sign on to your manifesto of idiocy. The shovelling of popcorn and the guzzling of EnormoColas is bad enough, but this inability to shot off technology is the final outrage. I could never love anybody who used their phone during a film. If you heard that last sentence in the melodramatic voice of a Prima Donna whose hand is never far from her pearls then you are very much on my wavelength. I shall say it again and then faint on to my day bed. I could never love anyone who used their phone during a film. Now leave me… Comment on Screenwriter at the author’s Twitter account: @donaldclarke63 Thu, Jan 5, 2017, 16:31     ADVERTISEMENT Recent Posts Our latest guess at the best picture nominations Movie quiz for January 13th Notes on the Bafta and PGA nominations 10 things to note about those Golden Globes What’s going to win at the Globes and why we still care. Archives Select Month January 2017  (10) December 2016  (18) November 2016  (22) October 2016  (20) September 2016  (22) August 2016  (24) July 2016  (23) June 2016  (22) May 2016  (31) April 2016  (26) March 2016  (25) February 2016  (20) January 2016  (21) December 2015  (19) November 2015  (22) October 2015  (22) September 2015  (25) August 2015  (26) July 2015  (23) June 2015  (24) May 2015  (34) April 2015  (26) March 2015  (21) February 2015  (24) January 2015  (23) December 2014  (19) November 2014  (24) October 2014  (23) September 2014  (24) August 2014  (22) July 2014  (27) June 2014  (23) May 2014  (38) April 2014  (28) March 2014  (23) February 2014  (15) January 2014  (23) December 2013  (17) November 2013  (22) October 2013  (19) September 2013  (20) August 2013  (24) July 2013  (25) June 2013  (21) May 2013  (34) April 2013  (25) March 2013  (24) February 2013  (19) January 2013  (19) December 2012  (10) November 2012  (6) October 2012  (9) September 2012  (7) August 2012  (11) July 2012  (13) June 2012  (8) May 2012  (20) April 2012  (8) March 2012  (8) February 2012  (12) January 2012  (11) December 2011  (6) November 2011  (6) October 2011  (7) September 2011  (9) August 2011  (10) July 2011  (10) June 2011  (12) May 2011  (19) April 2011  (10) March 2011  (12) February 2011  (11) January 2011  (15) December 2010  (13) November 2010  (16) October 2010  (7) September 2010  (10) August 2010  (10) July 2010  (8) June 2010  (14) May 2010  (19) April 2010  (12) March 2010  (9) February 2010  (9) January 2010  (15) December 2009  (13) November 2009  (13) October 2009  (15) Categories Select Category 3-D  (9) 50 Years 50 Films  (85) Academia  (1) Andrei Tarkovsky  (1) Animation  (14) Apes  (1) Apologies  (1) Audi Dublin International Film Festival  (2) Avatar  (11) Awards  (68) Best-of lists  (83) Books  (11) Box Office Figures  (75) Bride of Frankenstein  (3) Brief Encounter  (1) Cannes  (174) Cartoons  (1) Censorship  (9) Centurions  (1) Christmas  (1) Classics  (3) Commercials  (1) Computing  (1) Confectionary  (2) Controversy  (9) Critics  (26) Deaths  (82) Distribution  (4) Distribution dates  (2) Divorce  (1) Documentaries  (2) Drunks  (2) Fashion  (1) Film Festivals  (108) Film of the Week  (7) Five films to catch…  (25) Golden Globes  (15) Grace Kelly  (1) Harry Potter  (1) Hell  (51) Horror  (19) In development  (1) In production  (4) Inception  (1) Interviews  (2) Irish Film  (18) James Bond  (9) Jameson Dublin International Film Festival  (12) Jean-Luc Godard  (1) Justin Bieber  (2) Keith Jarrett  (1) Kids  (1) Language  (2) Let the Right One In  (4) Lindsay Lohan  (1) Lists  (2) London Film Festival  (5) Margaret Rutherford  (1) Michael Caine  (1) Michael Dwyer  (3) Michael Powell  (1) Moaning  (20) Movie stars  (10) Musicals  (3) Nonsense  (4) Olympics  (1) Oscars  (108) Politics  (37) Posters  (4) Projection  (1) Quentin Tarantino  (3) Quiz  (193) Release dates  (1) Remakes  (8) Revivals  (1) Robin Hood  (2) Rock ‘n’ pop.  (50) Romcoms  (3) Russell Crowe  (1) Sequels  (21) Sex  (7) Sex and the City  (3) Sherlock Holmes  (2) Shorts  (4) Shutter Island  (2) Sport  (4) Stanley Kubrick  (1) Star Ratings  (3) Star Trek  (3) Star Wars  (11) Steven Spielberg  (1) stupid Twitter  (1) Sundance  (3) Swearing  (1) Television  (56) Terry-Thomas  (1) The Great Gatsby  (1) The Simpsons  (3) The Wolfman  (2) Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy  (3) Tom Cruise  (1) Trailerspotting  (132) Uncategorized  (148) Video Games  (8) Way off topic  (13) Werner Herzog  (1) Woody Allen  (6) Browse News Sports Business Debate Life & Style Culture Offers About us Advertise Contact us The Irish Times Trust Career Opportunities Help Sitemap Connect Facebook Twitter Google + Subscriptions Home Delivery Epaper Crosswords Archive Policy & Terms Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Community Standards Copyright Partners rewardingtimes.ie myhome.ie irishracing.com entertainment.ie myantiques.ie top1000.ie The Gloss irishtimestraining.com © THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings
Trending: Fix Windows 10 with free Microsoft tools Hands on: Apple's AirPods are 'magical' Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. The CSO guide to top security conferences It's time to start planning for SQL Server on Linux Review: DigitalOcean keeps the cloud simple IT teams put conversations to work with ChatOps More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Mobile & Wireless Apple iOS Apple Holic By Jonny Evans |Follow About | Appleholic, (noun), æp·əl-hɑl·ɪk: An imaginative person who thinks about what Apple is doing, why and where it is going. Delivering popular Apple-related news, advice and entertainment since 1999. Opinion Apple’s record breaking App Store news is about more than money You are the App Store Computerworld | Jan 5, 2017 6:54 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Apple More like this How Apple will make you really, really want an Apple TV iPads are the 'new stethoscope' and every doctor needs one... Apple products will be rented like Apple Music, analyst claims Video Mingis on Tech: The iPhone 7, Apple Watch 2 -- and the gadget guy! Can anybody else remember when we all resisted making digital purchases? Software shipped on disks. Music was on CDs. We visited the video store and there was a bookshop on every high street. It’s not so long ago When Apple shipped the iMac in 1998 e-commerce accounted for less than one percent of retail revenue. Today it’s around 15 percent or more (estimates vary), accounting for trillions of dollars in trade. Apple recognized the trend toward digital everything early -- why else did the iMac include its own built-in modem?  The Internet is only part of the story. Everybody today is digital, millennials expect Digital Everything – and the next generation will be even more wired (or unwired, to stretch the point for the mobile age). This is the context in which to place Apple’s big news this morning, which is that it sold an astonishing $240 million in digital content to customers in just one day on January 1, 2017. Apple also tells us developers earned over $20 billion in 2016, up over 40 percent from 2015. Developers have earned “over $60 billion” since the App Store launched in 2008, the company said. Decode this information slightly and you’ll see that Apple’s focus on its services segment is paying off – over one-third of the cash developers have generated through App Store sales was raised in the last year. Virtual currency There’s nothing virtual about this revenue. Apple also confirmed over $3 billion in App Store sales in December, adding that Nintendo’s Super Mario Run saw over 40 million downloads in its first four days on sale. iPhone and iPad sales are probably pretty strong, at least, that’s what is suggested by Apple’s statement that Nintendo's moustached plumber's app, “was the most downloaded app globally on Christmas Day and New Year’s Day.” Apple’s press release (you can read it here) announcing this data has a few more nuggets buried inside the blurb: January 1, 2017 was the single biggest day ever on the App Store. The App Store now offers 2.2 million apps, up 20 percent year on year. App Store is available in 155 countries App Store sales grew fastest in China, where they climbed 90% y-o-y. The Apps for Earth and Games for (RED) App Store promotional fundraisers raised over $17 million in total for the two organizations. There are already 21,000 iMessage apps. Apple’s move to enable subscriptions across multiple app categories has also driven App Store business, up 70% from 2015 to reach $2.7 billion in 2016. There are now over 20,000 apps offering subscription content. So what? Does it really matter how much money Apple and its developers are making out of selling digital content? Of course it does. Not only does it illustrate the platform advantage the company offers in terms of enabling developers to create sustainable digital businesses, but it also reflects a huge sea change in the way we relate to such content. Apple Music is part of this. At least in terms of cultural digital media we have it seems irrevocably moved to replace most physical media experiences with their digital equivalents. The risks to this are genuine – censorship in a digital age means contentious content (like the New York Times) can simply disappear, while surveillance technologies make it possible to track what media people read. This digitization appears to be driving continued media and retailer consolidation, reducing competition and potentially limiting diversity of output and choice. It's not just risk but also opportunity: from access to everything from anywhere, to convenience, to interesting new ways to share and publish content digitally, and AI-driven personalization and content navigation systems. The evolution of big data and AI may also in time render interesting opportunities for new forms of personalized digital content. Movies with alternate story lines for different people are not impossible – you already see this happen in games and apps, so as content becomes more digitized you can predict more action there. You can also explore new forms of digital content, such as Brian Eno’s recently released album/app hybrid, ‘Reflections’, an endless ambient work. Where next? As technology becomes pervasive within intrinsically digitized daily realities, it’s inevitable that App Store sales will continue to increase. However, the transition within digital experience means that as computing becomes more pervasive the barriers between digital-services-as-a-product and digital-experiences-that-underpin-lifestyle will dissolve. That’s where next generation of AR experiences will begin to transform our physical experience of reality. Within this context you can expect App Store income to continue to grow, so long as Apple continues to successfully curate a platform the supports this transformation. Google+? If you use social media and happen to be a Google+ user, why not join AppleHolic's Kool Aid Corner community and join the conversation as we pursue the spirit of the New Model Apple? Got a story? Drop me a line via Twitter or in comments below and let me know. I'd like it if you chose to follow me on Twitter so I can let you know when fresh items are published here first on Computerworld. To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Apple iOS Mobile & Wireless Application Development Apple iPhone 7 Jonny is a freelance writer who has been writing (mainly about Apple and technology) since 1999. Fix Windows 10 problems with these free Microsoft tools You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. What Readers Like Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Cortana, Windows 10’s built-in virtual assistant, is both really cool and really creepy. Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Why you should start using Google Keep right away Services like Keep, Evernote and Microsoft OneNote are often called "note-taking apps." But they've... Say goodbye to the MS-DOS command prompt It had a good 36-year run, but its day is done. BrandPostsLearn more Sponsored by Sennheiser Audio Conferencing Finally Catches the Digital Transformation Wave Sponsored by VMware AirWatch A More Flexible Approach to App Containerization Popular Resources White Paper Seven Myths of Cloud-Managed Wi-Fi Video/Webcast Sponsored The Rise of Malware-Less Attacks: How Can Endpoint Security Keep Up? White Paper When Concrete and Steel Meet Sensors and Signals: How a Mobile Workforce Can Make it All Work White Paper 2016 Predictions For Cloud & What I&O Pros Should Do About Them Video/Webcast Sponsored Achieving Digital Transformation through Cloud-Based Data and Analytics Services Go Top Stories Here's how much Tesla will require EV owners to pay to charge up Tesla has announced the prices vehicle owners will have to pay to use its Supercharger stations. A trip... Fix Windows 10 problems with these free Microsoft tools A handful of free tools can be used to repair most problems on Windows 10 PCs -- and they’re all... Best tips & takeaways from RStudio Conference I'll be sharing the most interesting things I hear, see and learn at this week's big R event. NRAM set to spark a 'holy war' among memory technologies Nano-RAM, which is based on carbon nanotubes, is expected to challenge traditional memory and flash for... Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Menu Deadline International New York Times Apps Pulled From Apple’s China Store At Governmen… Home Film TV Awardsline Box Office Business INTL Video Jobs Got A Tip? Breaking News 'Homeland': EP On S6, U.S. Return And How Show Will End Top Stories ‘SNL’ Taunts, Trump Responds & More TCA: Masterpiece, ‘The Vietnam War’, ‘Solar… Film Mel Gibson Signs With CAA by by Diana Lodderhose Box Office ‘Hidden Figures’ Looks To Stay No. 1 In Wide MLK Field by by Diana Lodderhose International New York Times Apps Pulled From Apple’s China Store At Government’s Request by Diana Lodderhose January 5, 2017 3:07am 2 International Breaking News Media News China Cyberspace Administration of China New York Times The New York Times Apple has removed the New York Times apps from its China store, following a request from Chinese authorities to take them down. Related Virtual Reality Firm Spaces Gets More Funding From Chinese; Names Comcast Exec & Former DreamWorks CFO To Board Both the English-language and Chinese-language NYT apps were removed from Apple’s China store on December 23, 2016, the paper said on Wednesday. “For some time now the New York Times app has not been permitted to display content to most users in China and we have been informed that the app is in violation of local regulations,” said Apple spokesman Fred Sainz in the paper. “As a result, the app must be taken down off the China App Store. When this situation changes, the App Store will once again offer the New York Times app for download in China.” NYT said they had asked Apple to reconsider the decision and that Apple had declined to comment on what local regulations NYT apps were said to have violated. The paper’s website has been blocked in China since 2012, after it published a series of articles on the private wealth of the Chinese political elite such as Wen Jiabao, who was then Prime Minister of the country. Other international publications such as CNN, The Wall Street Journal and the Financial Times, have also had their websites blocked by Chinese regulators but their apps were still available in the China App store on Thursday. The move comes as the country’s internet regulatory body Cyberspace Administration of China has called for greater media scrutiny, which claims apps cannot “engage in activities prohibited by laws and regulations such as endangering national security, disrupting social order and violating the legitimate rights and interests of others.” NYT spokeswoman Eileen Murphy said: “The request by the Chinese authorities to remove our apps is part of their wider attempt to prevent readers in China from accessing independent news coverage by The New York Times of that country, coverage which is no different from the journalism we do about every other country in the world.” China is one of Apple’s largest iPhone markets and, according to the NYT, the paper was working on various articles related to the Chinese government in the run-up to the withdrawal of the apps. Specifically, the paper said it had been preparing an article on the Chinese government’s hidden perks and subsidies provided to Foxconn, the Taiwan outfit that operates the Chinese iPhone factories. Subscribe to Deadline Breaking News Alerts and keep your inbox happy 2 2 Comments Cancel reply Comments On Deadline Hollywood are monitored. So don't go off topic, don't impersonate anyone, and don't get your facts wrong. Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (Address never made public) Name Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Anonymous • on Jan 5, 2017 7:37 am Thats exactly what’s missing in this country; prevent violent video and privacy publishing. ………. The move comes as the country’s internet regulatory body Cyberspace Administration of China has called for greater media scrutiny, which claim apps cannot “engage in activities prohibited by laws and regulations such as endangering national security, disrupting social order and violating the legitimate rights and interests of others.” ……… Reply Anonymous • on Jan 5, 2017 8:03 am Why hasn’t facebook scrubbed the violent video they allowed to be published of teens in chicago kidnapping and torturing the adolescent. Reply What's Hot on Deadline 1 Jennifer Holliday Describes Vicious Backlash To Now-Canceled Plans For Inaugural Performance 2 Alec Baldwin & 'SNL' Take Full Advantage Of Trump "Golden Opportunity" 3 'Girl Meets World': Why Disney Channel Canceled the Series & Will Netflix Save It? 4 Stephen Colbert Names Celebs Who Will Perform At Donald Trump Inauguration 5 Mel Gibson Signs With CAA 6 'Hidden Figures' Calculates $25M+ Weekend, But Why Are So Many Movies Bombing Over MLK? - Sunday AM Update 7 Donald Trump Joins Spokesman In Calling 'SNL' Unfunny: "Complete Hit Job," PEOTUS Tweets - UPDATE 8 Felicity Jones Gets 'SNL' Warning From Princess Tina: Trump's Watching 9 'Rogue One' Rises To $980M Global; 'Passengers' Takes Over Offshore No. 1 - International Box Office 10 ‘Sherlock’ Creators & Cast On Season 4 Finale's Thrills & Heart; Is This Really ‘The Final Problem’ For The Baker Street Boys? Latest International News 'Sherlock' Creators & Cast On Season 4 Finale’s Thrills & Heart; Is This Really 'The Final Problem' For The Baker… ‘Rogue One’ Rises To $980M Global; ‘Passengers’ Takes Over Offshore No. 1 – International… ‘La La Land’ Twirls Past $50M Overseas; Shines With $132M Global Box Office Disney’s Bob Iger Made $43.9M In 2016, -2.3% ‘The Ivory Game’ Set For Beijing Film Fest; ‘Stan Lee’s Lucky Man’ In U.S. ITunes Debut… French Films’ 2016 Box Office Nosedives Abroad; Is Besson’s ‘Valerian’ 2017 Savior? More Marketplace Featured Jobs Creative Development Coordinator Triptyk Studios, New York, New York Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency) Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California Media Specialist Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut Executive Director, Aspen Film Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut SEE MORE JOBS China Box Office: 'Passengers' Deposes 'Rogue One' After One Week Homeland Season 6 Premiere Recap: Losing the War, On Drugs How to Watch Arrested Development: Acclaimed Series Returning… 'Mariah's World' Recap: Bryan Tanaka Gets Jealous When Mariah's… Take a VR tour of the White House with President Obama About Us Advertise Terms of Use Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Google+ The Power of Content Variety india.com Hollywoodlife SPY TV Line BGR WWD Footwear News Copyright © 2017 Penske Business Media, LLC. All rights reserved. HOLLYWOOD™ & Design © 2017 Hollywood Chamber of Commerce. The Hollywood Sign is a trademark and intellectual property of Hollywood Chamber of Commerce. All Rights Reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP ad
Share Tweet Tim Cook comments spark speculation about iMac update for 2017 Search Macworld All All News Reviews Features How-Tos Downloads Apple Apple News Apple Reviews Mac Mac Reviews MacBook Reviews Mac News How To Mac Software Reviews Mac Software Downloads iPad iPad Reviews iPad App Reviews iPad News iPad How To iPhone iPhone Reviews iPhone App Reviews iPhone News iPhone How To News Apple Mac Mac Software iPad iPhone iOS Apps Reviews MacBook iMac Mac Pro Mac mini Mac Software iPhone iPad iPod iOS Apps Apple TV Apple Watch iOS and Mac Accessories How To Mac Mac Software iPad iPhone iOS Apps Forums Macworld forum Deals Open Menu Share This Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube RSS Hot Topics iPhone 7s release date rumours Apple Watch 2 Apple AirPods release date rumours Best iPhone buying guide 2017 spon-art Latest Apple Deals » Home News Mac News New iMac release date rumours UK | iMac 2017 tech specs & new features New iMac release date rumours UK | iMac 2017 tech specs & new features: Tim Cook mentions iMac when discussing the future of the Mac desktop When will Apple release new iMacs, and what tech specs and new features should we expect from the updated iMacs for 2017? We round up the rumours about new iMacs, including the theory that new iMacs will feature AMD Radeon Polaris graphics chips and might even be VR-ready. Latest: Tim Cook hints at the future of the Mac desktop, specifically mentioning the 5K iMac by Ashleigh Macro | 12 Jan 17 Share Tweet Send ﻿ Hi. I saw this on Macworld UK and thought you should see it too. Comments When will Apple release new iMacs in the UK? Will Apple update its iMac desktop line to add Intel Kaby Lake processor chips, and what other specs, design changes and new features should we expect in the next generation of iMacs? How much will the new iMacs for 2017 cost? Apple last updated its iMac line on 13 October 2015, bringing Retina-class screen resolution to the smaller Macs for the first time and equipping the larger models with new Skylake processor chips. Before that, you had to go back more than two years - if you don't include the cheaper iMac which Apple launched in June 2014 - to the last proper new iMac update, in September 2013, when Apple added Haswell processors, new graphics, next-gen Wi-Fi and faster PCIe flash storage options. (For more information on that update, read our review of the 2013 iMacs.) So much for Apple's iMac updates over the past few years. Right now we're looking ahead to the next iMac launch - what we hope will be an early-2017 iMac update. In this article we round up all the speculation about Apple's next iMac update: when new iMacs will be released in the UK, new iMac prices, tech specs and new features to expect, any leaked photos and videos that appear online, and all the other new iMac rumours that are fit to print. Updated, 22 December 2016, with comments from Apple CEO Tim Cook about the future of the Mac desktop Read next: Where to buy iMacs in the UK | Best Mac buying guide 2017 | Best cheap iMac deals UK New iMac 2017 release date, price & specs rumours: Launch date When will new iMacs come out? Early in 2017, we hope, but we had been confidently expecting an iMac update in late 2016 and that came to nothing. (A contact told us, under condition of anonymity, that the Mac Pro would be updated before the end of November 2016, and we reasoned that it would make sense for Apple to announce at least a minor update to the iMac at the same time. But the year ended with no word on new Mac desktops.) The Best Buy leak discussed in the processor section of this article, which emerged at the start of October 2016, strongly suggests that the retailer has had advance warning of an imminent launch and posted a listing slightly too early by mistake - although it's also possible that this was a speculative listing created on the basis that it would probably be needed at some point. New iMac 2017 release date: Apple CEO hints at future of the iMac In a rare Q&A session on Apple's internal employee network, Apple CEO Tim Cook gave an interesting response to a question about the future of the Mac, specifically mentioning the 5K iMac in his response. According to a transcript obtained by TechCrunch, an unknown Apple employee asked Cook: "We had a big MacBook Pro launch in October and a powerful upgrade to the MacBook back in Spring. Are Mac desktops strategic for us?" Interestingly, it's what Cook didn't mention in his response that suggests what Apple is planning for the future. In response, Cook wrote the following: "The desktop is very strategic for us. It's unique compared to the notebook because you can pack a lot more performance in a desktop — the largest screens, the most memory and storage, a greater variety of I/O, and fastest performance. So there are many different reasons why desktops are really important, and in some cases critical, to people. "The current generation iMac is the best desktop we have ever made and its beautiful Retina 5K display is the best desktop display in the world. Some folks in the media have raised the question about whether we're committed to desktops. If there's any doubt about that with our teams, let me be very clear: we have great desktops in our roadmap. Nobody should worry about that." If you look closely, Cook never used the word "Mac" in his response. At all. Considering it's the name of Apple's oldest product line, you would think it'd get a mention in a question about the company's desktop lineup. Granted, he does mention desktop computers several times, but never the name of the hardware, apart from one exception - the 5K iMac, which hasn't been updated in over a year. Essentially, Cook was asked whether Mac desktops were strategic, and he answered that desktops were important.  A report from Bloomberg might explain why Cook responded in this way, with keen Apple watcher Mark Gurman claiming that Apple has reorganised its software engineering department, meaning there's no longer a team dedicated to macOS - instead, engineers work on both iOS and macOS. He continues to claim that the Mac has been generally de-prioritised within the company, and that Mac engineers no longer get much attention from the company's industrial design team, which was until 2015 led by design chief Jony Ive, allegedly focussing more on iPhones and iPads. This suggests, to us at least, that while Apple is imagining a future where desktops are still being produced, they might not feature the iconic Mac branding. Could Apple be working on a macOS/iOS hybrid to launch as the ultimate desktop experience? With the astonishing number of iOS apps compared to macOS apps, it may be a smart investment for the company, but only time will tell.  New iMac 2017 release date: What does previous launch history tell us? The last iMac update was in October 2015. Apple's yearly cycle is built around three major press events: autumn - usually September (new iPhones and iPads); spring - usually March (new iPhones and iPads, sometimes MacBooks and watches); and summer - usually June (WWDC - operating system updates, and occasional hardware). But that doesn't mean the company stays quiet the rest of the year. Mac updates can be folded into the big three events, but they're often launched at their own smaller launch events. The iMac update in 2015 got its own announcement, a few weeks after the iPhone 6s reveal. But bear in mind that, unlike the yearly or event twice-yearly update events we're used to for iOS devices, desktop Mac refreshes have frequently come several years apart. WWDC 2017 (which will take place in June next year) is therefore a possibility, and we may have to wait even longer than that. New iMac 2017 release date, price & specs rumours: Specs We'll add leaked details about the tech specs of the new iMacs to this section as we hear them. Here's what we know so far. New iMac 2017 specs: Processor Apple skipped Intel's much-delayed Broadwell processors and went straight from Haswell to Skylake for the 2015 update. Skylake uses the same 14nm manufacturing process as Broadwell, but brings even greater CPU and GPU performance, along with reduced power consumption. But what chips will appear in the next set of iMacs? Clearly that will depend on their launch date and the hardware that's available at the time. After 2015's Skylake, the next round of Intel processors, which started going into mass production in late 2016 and is still being rolled out, is Kaby Lake; this will be followed by Cannonlake (Cannonlake was due to be next, but it's been delayed until the second half of 2017). Then Ice Lake in 2018 and Tiger Lake in 2019, for those who enjoy this sort of thing. Kaby Lake uses a 14nm process, same as Broadwell and Skylake, but Cannonlake switches over to a more accurate 10nm process. If Apple does manage an iMac update before the end of 2016 the machines could feature Kaby Lake processors, but remember that Apple skipped Broadwell and delays are common in the chip sector - so we're not banking on anything. Intel started shipping its Kaby Lake processors in July 2016, and the chips offer support for Thunderbolt 3, USB 3.1 and DisplayPort 1.2. It's therefore now possible that Apple will squeeze Kaby Lake chips into the next iMac update, but by no means guaranteed, given Apple's past behaviour. Some of the Kaby Lake chips aren't expected to ship until very late 2016 or more likely early 2017, so be prepared for a wait. Read more on MacRumors. Processor models The specific model of Kaby Lake processor we're expecting to appear in the next iMac is the i7-7700. And as luck would have it, Tom's Hardware has got hold of what they understand to be a pre-release sample of that chip. Naturally they promptly overclocked it and put it through rigorous speed tests. Those speed tests found that the i7-7700 (or rather the i7-7700K - the K in the name denoting that the clock multiplier has been unlocked to allow for overclocking) was capable of 4.2GHz under normal circumstances, and 4.8GHz when overclocked. Serious speed which, as BGR observes, would give the new iMac bragging rights over the rival Surface Studio, launched before the relevant Kaby Lake chips became available. Micosoft could always launch an updated Surface Studio with Kaby Lake, of course, although that might hack off the early buyers. Evidence for Kaby Lake Back in October 2016, the US retailer Best Buy leaked a listing for a new iMac, and it had a Kaby Lake chipset - a "7th Gen Intel Core i7 processor". As Technobuffalo points out, this isn't necessarily genuine: an employee could have created this as a placeholder until official information is available. But slip-ups of this kind more often happen because a retailer has been given advance warning of an imminent launch and somebody sets it live too early by mistake. We'd say - based on this and other clues - that a Kaby Lake iMac is looking like a decent bet for launch in the near future. In November 2016, further evidence emerged that sheds light on the prospects of a Kaby Lake iMac. Intel briefly made documents available on its website, intended for PC manufacturer partners rather than consumers, that detail specs of new Kaby Lake processors - and Anandtech spotted and grabbed them. The documents detail 11 new processors, including seven i5 chips and three i7s; 10 of them are designated for desktop use and one is for worktop. There's still no sign of the Kaby Lake laptop processors we expect to use as part of a MacBook Pro update in early 2017. AMD processors We expect Apple to choose Intel-based CPUs, but there's a chance AMD could also make an appearance in certain iMac models. With the new AMD Zen processor, we hope to see the CPU make an appearance in a lot of high-end machines, given its tremendous processing power. The new processor boasts 8 cores and 16 threads - a massive amount of raw processing power. Given the suggested price tag of the Zen CPU, we expect it either to be in the top-spec iMacs or be an upgrade option. The inclusion of other AMD processors is also not far-fetched, as we still see it being an option for cheaper iMac models. New iMac 2017 specs: Graphics chips It's believed that Apple's next generation of iMacs (or its higher-specced models, at least) will feature graphics chips from AMD's Polaris set, which were announced at the start of 2016. WCCF Tech reports that AMD won the contract last October but was only able to get confirmation from additional sources in April 2016. The contract is for two chipsets: Polaris 10 (previously known as Ellesmere) and Polaris 11 (previously known as Baffin), and WCCF Tech says these processors will appear in "new desktops and notebooks from Apple, which the company plans to bring to market later this year". With the MacBook and MacBook Air having recently seen updates, and the Mac mini highly unlikely to incorporate a discrete graphics unit, the remaining candidates are the MacBook Pro, iMac and Mac Pro. MacRumors reasons that the power range of these chips makes Polaris 11 a strong fit for the MacBook Pro, while Polaris 10 suits the iMac. The Polaris chips offer improved graphics performance compared with previous generations (as much as twice the speed per watt) and potential reductions in both power consumption and waste heat. They are built using a 16nm or 14nm FinFET production process, compared to 28nm on AMD's earlier chips, which means that the chip maker can fit more transistors in a given space (which makes the chips ideal for ultraportable laptops and ultraslim desktops - the latter fitting recent iMac designs) and, because the transistors are closer together, less power is needed to move a signal across them. Apple's current iMac line-up features AMD Radeon graphics chipsets as standard in the 27-inch models. The 21-inch models come with integrated Intel Iris Pro 6200 graphics. Read next: New Mac Pro rumours | New Mac mini rumours New iMac 2017 specs: Virtual reality Talking about graphics architecture can be a little dry, but the Polaris rumour discussed above has a sexier element to it: VR. AMD has consistently talked up its Polaris graphics chips as a way of bringing VR within the reach of a wider market of PC users. At present Macs are basically unusable for VR, as we discuss in our articles Can you use Oculus Rift with Mac? and How to use a Mac for VR, and Oculus founder Palmer Luckey specifically cited underpowered Mac GPUs as the reason why the company was focusing on Windows: "People have said, 'Why don't you support Macs? So many people have Macs.' It's true. A lot of people have Apple hardware, especially in the laptop space. But the GPUs in those, they're not even close to what we're pushing for our recommended spec." But adding Polaris GPUs to the iMac could change Luckey's mind. AMD's Roy Taylor thinks the company's new GPUs are about to massively expand the available market for VR. "AMD has just completed the shrink to 14nm [with Polaris]," he said. "This means we can produce GPUs that will run the minimum spec of VR at a lower cost, in larger volume, consuming less power and running faster. That means in the second half of this year and going forward, more people will be able to run those headsets." Visit WCCF Tech for more info. VR remains a niche topic in tech - the number of people actually willing to shell out for the whole shebang remains small, even if casual gamers who try the Vive or the Oculus Rift tend to love it - but it gets a lot of press at the moment. And it can't be nice for a company that prides itself on the quality of its products to hear them disparaged as "not even close" to being up to a task. As Jim Lynch on CIO colourfully phrases it, "As far as VR goes, it's not something that I have paid much attention to, but it certainly couldn't hurt for Apple's computers to be able to do it adequately... If VR lights a fire under Apple's rear end and gets the company to put out a pro version of the iMac, then it will be a good thing for all users." New iMac 2017 specs: Flash storage We'll repeat our hope, expressed this time last year while waiting for the 2015 update, that Apple makes flash storage standard across the entire range of iMacs. At present the 27-inch iMacs get a Fusion Drive by default (Fusion Drives are a high-performance hybrid blend of flash and conventional storage) and the 21.5-inch models can add them as a build-to-order option for an extra £80. We think it should be offered as standard in all Apple's desktops. The current 21.5-inch iMac range is crippled somewhat by its hard drives, which are a lot slower than the flash drives used in all of Apple's laptops - to the extent that Mac laptops with similar processors will perform noticeably better than the equivalent iMac because of their faster SSD drives. Read next: Best external SSD flash drives for Mac New iMac 2017 rumours: Could the iMac replace the Mac Pro? In our roundup of rumours about the next Mac Pro, we discuss the possibility that Apple is planning to wrap up that line - and one way such a move could work is by ramping up the top spec of the iMac line so that it meets the needs of professional users, rendering the Pro irrelevant. TechRadar has speculated about the specs of a theoretical 'iMac Pro' - "that glitzy, 27-inch 5K display paired with a 10-core Intel Xeon E7 (or two) and the latest and greatest AMD FirePro W9100" - and in this day and age the number of Mac buyers who really need the top spec appears to be dwindling. All of this is certainly a possibility. But while the Mac Pro doesn't appear to be tearing up trees commercially, it was never a line that was about making money. The Mac Pro is a flagship product, a niche offering and a positioning exercise - a way of reassuring Mac buyers that Apple is still a company that makes products for pro users. In some senses it's like the Apple Watch Edition: a glamorous, unnecessarily expensive aspiration point that passes on some of its stardust to the more affordable diffusion lines below. New iMac 2017 poll - what do you want from the next iMac? Those are the rumours about the next iMac refresh. What do you think? And what are you looking for from the next generation of iMacs? Have your say in our poll: Turn to the next page to read about 2015's iMac update: the facts as they were announced, and the (generally quite accurate!) pre-announcement speculation we reported on beforehand. >> Read on… Pages 1 2 3 Tags: Mac , Rumour , iMac Share this article Share Tweet Send ﻿ Hi. I saw this on Macworld UK and thought you should see it too. Comments Comments Advertisement Nintendo Switch review: Hands on with the intuitive modular console and its disappointing games… 1995-2015: How technology has changed the world in 20 years Here's what should be coming to Adobe Project Felix in 2017 Best iMovie for Mac tips 2017 | How to edit video with iMovie: 26 brilliant video editing tricks… News Reviews How To Digital Magazines Apple Tech Deals Forums Apple Mac iPhone iPad Mac Downloads About Macworld Contact Site Map Information for advertisers Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Cookies UK Tech Weekly Podcast:Soundcloud/ iTunes Follow Macworld on Twitter Follow Macworld on Facebook © Copyright 2017 IDG UK. All Rights Reserved.
News Local Africa World Business Sports Football Basketball Rugby Golf Motorsport Others Life and style Education Opportunities Jobs Tenders Notices Opinion Special Edition University Guide Schools guide Supplement Epaper TOP Content Rights and Permission RSS Advertise Subscribe Feedback Archive About Us Book Advert Monday,January 16,2017 MENU Home News Local Africa World Business Sports Football Basketball Rugby Golf Motorsport Others Life and style Education Opportunities Jobs Tenders Notices Opinion Special Edition University Guide Schools guide Supplement Epaper Home Science & technology Apple removes New York Times app from China store NASA sending African-American to space station... Previous Story Human brain's face recognition develops into... Next Story Apple removes New York Times app from China store By AFP Added 5th January 2017 01:50 PM Print A A A Fill in your Name and Email Address to receive a Free Newsletter "For some time now the New York Times app has not been permitted to display content to most users in China, and we have been informed that the app is in violation of local regulations," Apple spokeswoman Carolyn Wu said in a statement to AFP. Apple has removed the New York Times from its China app store, the tech giant said, after authorities told the company the app breached regulations. The US newspaper said both its English- and Chinese-language apps were pulled late last month, blocking one of the few remaining channels for readers in China to access its reports. "For some time now the New York Times app has not been permitted to display content to most users in China, and we have been informed that the app is in violation of local regulations," Apple spokeswoman Carolyn Wu said in a statement to AFP. "As a result, the app must be taken down off the China App Store." When the situation changes, she added, Apple will offer the app again for download in China. The development marks the latest move by Beijing to suppress the newspaper's output in China, after the government blocked its website following a 2012 Times report saying that former Premier Wen Jiabao's family controlled assets worth $2.7 billion. Incoming correspondents for The New York Times were not given Chinese residence visas in apparent retaliation. China's Communist Party oversees a vast censorship apparatus designed to censor online content they deem politically sensitive, while blocking some Western websites and the services of Internet giants including Facebook, Twitter and Google. In recent months Beijing censors had "struggled" to prevent readers from using the Chinese-language app, the Times reported. A Times spokeswoman said the company had asked Apple to reconsider its decision, it added. “The request by the Chinese authorities to remove our apps is part of their wider attempt to prevent readers in China from accessing independent news coverage by The New York Times of that country,” spokeswoman Eileen Murphy said. 'Must comply' China has seen a sprawling crackdown on dissent under President Xi Jinping, restricting citizens' speech online and jailing hundreds of lawyers who had taken on civil rights cases considered sensitive by the ruling party. At the same time the world's number two economy is Apple's second-biggest market, and a key part of its supply chain, where many of its products are manufactured.   Apple CEO Tim Cook is a frequent visitor to the People's Republic and the company has made several large-scale investments in the country. The California-based firm announced last year it will open two research and development centres in Beijing and Shenzhen.   In December it bought a 30 percent stake in wind farm projects across China that will produce 285 megawatts of power, its largest clean energy project to date. It poured $1 billion into the ride hailing app Didi Chuxing in May, a move some observers saw as a strategic play to shore up sales in the Asian market and prepare for a rumoured move into self-driving cars. But Apple has also struggled with the country's Communist rulers, with its movie and book services shut down last year by Chinese authorities, shortly after launching. Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Geng Shuang told reporters Thursday that he was "not really aware" of the removal of the New York Times app. "What I can tell you is that the Chinese government always encourages and supports the development of the internet," he added at a regular briefing. "But the development of the internet in China must comply with Chinese rules and regulations. This is a principle.” Apple has seen its smartphone market share eroded, beaten out by rising Chinese firms -- market leader Huawei and three companies little known elsewhere, Vivo, Oppo and Xiaomi. Sales of the iPhone have slumped, with revenues in the key "Greater China" market down 30 percent in the fourth quarter to $8.8 billion, according to Apple's annual report. TAGS: Science & technology, Business Apple, New York Times, China App Store Related articles Smartphone revolution blazes on as iPhone turns 10 Apple's Jobs loses out in Paris street name vote Samsung prevails over Apple in $399 mn patent appeal More From The Author Picture of the day: Joe Hart makes a save Burkina capital hit by water shortage Solar-powered plane to soar again on round-the-world flight Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Most Read Most Commented AFCON: Sadio Mane scores as Senegal beat Tunisia 16 Jan 2017 AFCON: Algeria held by Zimbabwe 15 Jan 2017 Construction on Masaka Golf Course continues 15 Jan 2017 Ebola's long-term effects revealed 15 Jan 2017 Mali urges Gambia's leader to avoid 'bloodbath' and step down 15 Jan 2017 TODAY'S PAPER (Click to Buy and Read Online) (Click to Buy and Read Online) News Business Education Sports Life and style Magazines Jobs Opportunities Opinions Epaper Stream Special Editions LIVE UPDATE © 2016 - New Vision. All Rights Reserved.. Subscribe to Newvision Newsletter Kindly provide your details to receive the Newvision Newsletter Name * : Email Address * : Captcha*: Submit
TechRadar The source for Tech Buying Advice Search RSS Reviews How To Phones TVs Laptops Deals Photography More Car Tech Wearables Tablets Components Audiovisual Gaming Computing Downloads News Pro Trending Buying Guides Nintendo Switch iPhone 8 Samsung Galaxy S8 MacBook Pro MWC 2017 iOS 10.2 News Long-range wireless charging for iPhone 8 hinted at again Long-range wireless charging for iPhone 8 hinted at again By James Rogerson Mobile phones   Ditching the pads as well as the wires Shares Apple doesn’t seem in any hurry to support wireless charging with its phones, but when it finally does jump on the wireless bandwagon – perhaps with the iPhone 8 – it might go well beyond competitors, ditching charging pads and allowing for long-range charging at a distance of up to 18 feet. We’ve been hearing about this long-range charging tech for a while, but it’s looking ever more likely that the iPhone 8 will use it, as the CEO of Energous (the company developing it) has told The Verge that it’s partnered with “one of the largest consumer electronic companies in the world. I cannot tell you who it is, but I can virtually guarantee that you have products from this company on your person, sitting on your desk, or at home." That sounds a lot like Apple is the brand hinted a, and, while Samsung and a handful of others are also possibilities, this isn’t the first or only thing linking Energous to Apple. Mounting evidence The company has made similar comments in the past, has employees with ties to Apple, and has received a $10 million investment from Dialog Semiconductor, which itself works primarily with Apple. Why wireless charging is about to become amazing So Apple is looking very likely, and with Energous also claiming that it will ship its long-range wireless charging transmitters by the end of 2017 it sounds like they may well be in the iPhone 8, which is expected to launch in September. If so, then this could finally be the thing to make wireless chargers essential devices, as well as being one of the most exciting aspects of a phone that’s not lacking for exciting potential features - with other rumors suggesting the iPhone 8 could have a brand new design and a fingerprint scanner built into the screen. The iPhone 8 Plus is likely also in the works Tags iPhone ABOUT THE AUTHOR James Rogerson James is a freelance phones, tablets and wearables writer and sub-editor at TechRadar. He has a love for everything ‘smart’, from watches to lights, and can often be found arguing with AI assistants or drowning in the latest apps. Related news The best webcams 2017 A TV-sized panel on your wall could wirelessly charge all your gadgets Toshiba’s business notebooks just got way more power and battery life Kaby Lake Intel Core processor: 7th-gen CPU news, features and release date See more Mobile phones news Load Comments Tech deals, prizes and latest news Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more! No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 Virgin Media Super Hub 3 review 2 Nintendo Switch review 3 Samsung Galaxy S8: release date and everything you should know 4 iPhone 8 release date, news and rumors 5 Best cheap phones 2017: our top budget mobiles 1 Are these videos a sneak preview of the Samsung Galaxy S8? 2 Nintendo Switch review 3 All the Nintendo Switch games coming at launch and beyond 4 MacBook Pro earns Consumer Reports recommendation after battery bug fix 5 Your Apple Watch becomes a mini Macintosh with this charging stand TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
CNET Reviews Best Products CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home CNET Smart Home CNET Smart Apartment Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español CNET Software Mobile Apps Apple's App Store got all your money on New Year's Day Apple's App Store got all your money on New Year's Day Apple device owners poured out $240 million into App Store purchases on the first day of 2017, the shop's biggest single day ever. Mobile Apps by Joan E. Solsman January 5, 2017 6:37 AM PST @joan_e Up Next Nintendo's Fils-Aime: The Switch won't oust the 3DS Since Apple launched its App Store in 2008, developers have earned more $60 billion through the shop, the company said Thursday.Photo by Josh Lowensohn/CNET New Year's Day was the biggest sales day ever for Apple's App Store, with nearly $240 million in purchases, the gadget giant said Thursday. The App Store has been a linchpin to Apple's sales of both devices and the commission-generating programs and services made for them. The original iPhone, launched in 2007, didn't cross the threshold of hit devices until the following year, when Apple launched the App Store and made it simple for anyone to download games and programs. On Thursday, the company trumpeted other App Store highlights: Developers earned more than $20 billion through the App Store in 2016, up more than 40 percent from a year earlier. Since the App Store launched in 2008, developers have earned more than $60 billion. December's $3 billion in App Store purchases also broke the holiday-season record. Super Mario Run was the most downloaded app worldwide on Christmas Day and New Year's Day. Pokemon Go was the most downloaded app of last year. The App Store offered 2.2 million apps in total last year, up more than 20 percent from a year earlier. Apple also took the opportunity to brag about performance in China, one of its most crucial regions for business growth. The company said the App Store's top-grossing markets included the US, China, Japan and the UK, with China experiencing record 90 percent growth from a year earlier. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Apple Mobile Apps Apple All the latest Apple news, featuring developments on the iPhone, iPad, Macbooks, OS X and much more. Jan 15 Apple tries to prove your AirPods won't fall out Jan 13 CNET UK podcast 511: Wafer thin TVs and why Ron Swanson would destroy Vegas Jan 13 Tablets built for Netflix and chill (among other things) Jan 12 Apple MacBook Pro now gets thumbs-up from Consumer Reports All Apple Stories Related Stories Google lets imaginations run wild with Toontastic 3D app Never miss another Google Doodle game How to mirror an Android device on your TV Best iPhone apps of 2017 Close   Discuss: Apple's App Store got all your money on New... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Nintendo's Fils-Aime: The Switch won't oust the 3DS CES and Detroit: Drink car tech from the firehose. (CNET on Cars, Ep. 103) Want to see the future of car technology? Cooley found it for you in Las Vegas and Detroit. by Brian Cooley 18:35 Nintendo Switch debuts with tons of info This week's biggest tech stories include a blowout of new information on Nintendo's next console, the tablet-hybrid Switch. by Jeff Bakalar Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Business Economy Companies Opinion Markets A-Z Alex Telegraph Connect Events More Telegraph Business Apple's App Store sales soared 40pc to $28.5bn last year Super Mario Run was Apple's most-downloaded game on New Year's Day Credit: AFP Marion Dakers 5 January 2017 • 3:55pm Apple took nearly a quarter of a billion dollars in app purchases on New Year’s Day, marking its busiest ever day on the App Store and capping off a record-breaking 2016. The technology giant said customers splashed out nearly $240m (£193m) worldwide on January 1 on apps for phones, tablets, watches and other devices. The world’s biggest company continues to grow rapidly, managing to eclipse the $144m in app sales it generated on the first day of 2016. Developers who sold apps through the store made a total of $20bn in 2016, a rise of 40pc on the prior year and double the sums generated two years ago, according to Apple. The company's 30pc cut suggests the total amount spent on apps was around $28.5bn. The App Store now offers 2.2m apps, ranging from one-man start-ups to gaming giants. Developers have flocked to the platform, with the number of apps soaring by a fifth in the last year alone. The US firm does not reveal exactly how much of its own earnings come from the App Store. Its results for the year to September 2016 showed that its services division generated net sales of $24.3bn; this includes income from apps, music, licensing and Apple Care policies. The most-downloaded app on January 1 this year was Super Mario Run, one of Nintendo’s first forays into smartphone gaming, which is free to use but costs £7.99 to unlock fully. Mario’s latest outing has recently replaced Pokemon Go, another game in the Nintendo stable, at the top of the charts. Even apps that customers download for free can produce income through one-off purchases and regular subscriptions. Apple said subscriptions to services such as Netflix, Tinder and Spotify generated payments worth $2.7bn last year, an increase of 74pc on a year ago. Apple has come under scrutiny this week for pulling the New York Times app from the store in China, after a request from the Chinese authorities. The company’s iBooks and iTunes Movies stores have been blocked in the country since April, just months after they were launched, as Beijing clamps down on any online services seen to threaten national security. Follow Telegraph Business READ MORE ABOUT: Nintendo Apps Apple Tablets Pokemon Go Show more Business latest 15 Jan 2017, 11:12pm Danger of fresh steel crisis eases as industry wins relief green taxes 15 Jan 2017, 11:01pm Davos 2017: what to expect as global leaders gather ahead of Donald Trump's inauguration 15 Jan 2017, 10:48pm Comment: Trump’s win, the Brexit vote… life is tough for today’s market pundits Tom Stevenson Premium 15 Jan 2017, 10:41pm Comment: Whisper it, but this could be a good year for growth Roger Bootle Premium 15 Jan 2017, 10:26pm The Duchess of Cambridge's fashion favourites among festive performers 15 Jan 2017, 10:23pm O2 and Vodafone hope mast deal will help battle with BT  15 Jan 2017, 10:19pm Mauritius payment knocks Fundsmith profits despite surge of new customers 15 Jan 2017, 10:19pm Mitie's new chief set to review accounting at troubled outsourcer 15 Jan 2017, 10:17pm Blackrock launches fight against oversized pay packets and undeserved pensions 15 Jan 2017, 10:16pm Wellesley to freeze crowdfunding campaign as it courts City investors 15 Jan 2017, 10:08pm Javad Marandi: from Iranian refugee to Soho House investor 15 Jan 2017, 9:29pm Comment: In 2017, responsible leaders must start to take action Martin Gilbert Premium 15 Jan 2017, 9:14pm Rare earth miner to list Burundi project on London Stock Exchange 15 Jan 2017, 8:54pm High time for a high-rise? How to solve the nation's housing affordability crisis 15 Jan 2017, 8:44pm 'It doesn't matter who is flying higher out of Airbus and Boeing – as long as they are both healthy' 15 Jan 2017, 8:04pm The pound falls to its lowest level since October flash crash over fears Britain will lose single market access 15 Jan 2017, 5:35pm Comment: Let's not let artificial intelligence become another bubble James Titcomb Premium 15 Jan 2017, 5:30pm Rise in outdoor gyms signals a muscling-up of the outdoor fitness industry 14 Jan 2017, 7:55pm The era of cheap food and fuel comes to an end 14 Jan 2017, 7:55pm Fox looks to head off rising revolt over Sky bid 14 Jan 2017, 7:55pm Government warned rate rises threaten small shops  If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017 Your support makes a big difference In order to bring you award-winning content and investigative journalism from your favourite writers, we rely on revenue generated by advertising. Please consider supporting us by turning off your ad blocker. Just a couple of clicks will make a big difference. Thank you. Need help? Click here for instructions Close
Go Monday 16 January 2017 News Nigeria Africa World Metro Atiku’s call for restructuring laudable, says group 29 mins ago  Nigeria Opinion Editorial Columnists Cartoons Recession blues 27 mins ago  Cartoons Business Appointments Business News Business RoundUp Industry Aviation Capital Market Communications Energy DrillBytes Maritime SweetCrude Infrastructure Money Small business marketing growth strategies for 2017 28 mins ago  Business News Technology Gadgets Telecoms Social Media Technology New language of technology, focus at 2017 Social Media Week 1 hour ago  Social Media Sport Football Boxing Athletics Tennis Golf Mahrez’s rescues Algeria, Zimbabwe continue fairy tale run 17 mins ago  Football Arts Arts Art House Artfolk Revue Film Literature Music Theatre Visual Arts Revenge of the female horror filmmaker 1 hour ago  Film Features Policy & Politics BusinessAgro Education Executive Motoring Executive Briefs Focus Friday Worship Law Media Science Youth Speak ‘Daily folic acid supplementation prevents birth defects’ 25 mins ago  Natural Health More Sections Property Environment Mortgage Finance Real Estate Urban Development Guardian Woman Entrepreneurship GW Fiction Personality Issues WIMBIZ Saturday Magazine Youth Magazine Just Human Life & Style Love & Life Transition Travel & Tourism Celebrity Brand Intelligence Gardening Weekend Beats Sunday Magazine Ibru Ecumenical Centre Campus CityFile News Feature Living Healthy Diet Living Wellbeing Newspeople Aspire By Zenith Technology  |  Technology   Apple removes New York Times app from China store By AFP   |   05 January 2017   |   3:28 pm Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share via Email Apple logo on the Apple store on 5th Avenue in New York / DON EMMERT / AFP Apple has removed the New York Times from its China app store, the tech giant said, after authorities told the company the app breached regulations. The US newspaper said both its English- and Chinese-language apps were pulled late last month, blocking one of the few remaining channels for readers in China to access its reports. “For some time now the New York Times app has not been permitted to display content to most users in China, and we have been informed that the app is in violation of local regulations,” Apple spokeswoman Carolyn Wu said in a statement to AFP. “As a result, the app must be taken down off the China App Store.” When the situation changes, she added, Apple will offer the app again for download in China. The development marks the latest move by Beijing to suppress the newspaper’s output in China, after the government blocked its website following a 2012 Times report saying that former Premier Wen Jiabao’s family controlled assets worth $2.7 billion. Incoming correspondents for The New York Times were not given Chinese residence visas in apparent retaliation. China’s Communist Party oversees a vast censorship apparatus designed to censor online content they deem politically sensitive, while blocking some Western websites and the services of Internet giants including Facebook, Twitter and Google. In recent months Beijing censors had “struggled” to prevent readers from using the Chinese-language app, the Times reported. A Times spokeswoman said the company had asked Apple to reconsider its decision, it added. “The request by the Chinese authorities to remove our apps is part of their wider attempt to prevent readers in China from accessing independent news coverage by The New York Times of that country,” spokeswoman Eileen Murphy said. – ‘Must comply’ – China has seen a sprawling crackdown on dissent under President Xi Jinping, restricting citizens’ speech online and jailing hundreds of lawyers who had taken on civil rights cases considered sensitive by the ruling party. At the same time the world’s number two economy is Apple’s second-biggest market, and a key part of its supply chain, where many of its products are manufactured. Apple CEO Tim Cook is a frequent visitor to the People’s Republic and the company has made several large-scale investments in the country. The California-based firm announced last year it will open two research and development centres in Beijing and Shenzhen. In December it bought a 30 percent stake in wind farm projects across China that will produce 285 megawatts of power, its largest clean energy project to date. It poured $1 billion into the ride hailing app Didi Chuxing in May, a move some observers saw as a strategic play to shore up sales in the Asian market and prepare for a rumoured move into self-driving cars. But Apple has also struggled with the country’s Communist rulers, with its movie and book services shut down last year by Chinese authorities, shortly after launching. Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Geng Shuang told reporters Thursday that he was “not really aware” of the removal of the New York Times app. “What I can tell you is that the Chinese government always encourages and supports the development of the internet,” he added at a regular briefing. “But the development of the internet in China must comply with Chinese rules and regulations. This is a principle.” Apple has seen its smartphone market share eroded, beaten out by rising Chinese firms — market leader Huawei and three companies little known elsewhere, Vivo, Oppo and Xiaomi. Sales of the iPhone have slumped, with revenues in the key “Greater China” market down 30 percent in the fourth quarter to $8.8 billion, according to Apple’s annual report. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share via Email In this article: AppleChina app storeNew York Times You may also like TVs grab spotlight at CES gadget gala 5 Jan  Technology NASA announces two missions to study early solar system 5 Jan  Technology BMW to deploy 40 self-driving cars in US, Europe 5 Jan  Technology Latest Mahrez’s rescues Algeria, Zimbabwe continue fairy tale run 21 mins ago  Sport Mixed reactions trail FG’s N141b sector allocation, social housing project 28 mins ago  Property ‘Daily folic acid supplementation prevents birth defects’ 29 mins ago  Natural Health Recession blues 32 mins ago  Opinion Small business marketing growth strategies for 2017 33 mins ago  Business News More   Communication Community hails Airtel ’s support against HIV/AIDS 3 days ago   Ingenico, Interswitch to deliver multichannel payment solutions 3 days ago   SON arrests two over fake phones 3 days ago   NSA intervenes to protect telecom infrastructure 6 Jan   NCS calls for rechristening of ministry of communications 6 Jan   Top News Nigeria Africa World Metro Opinion Editorial Columnists Cartoons Business Appointments Business News Business RoundUp Industry Aviation Capital Market Communications Energy DrillBytes Maritime SweetCrude Infrastructure Money Technology Gadgets Telecoms Social Media Technology Sport Football Boxing Athletics Tennis Golf Arts Arts Art House Artfolk Revue Film Literature Music Theatre Visual Arts Features Policy & Politics BusinessAgro Education Executive Motoring Executive Briefs Focus Friday Worship Law Media Science Youth Speak Property Environment Mortgage Finance Real Estate Urban Development Guardian Woman Entrepreneurship GW Fiction Personality Issues WIMBIZ Saturday Magazine Youth Magazine Just Human Life & Style Love & Life Transition Travel & Tourism Celebrity Brand Intelligence Gardening Weekend Beats Sunday Magazine Ibru Ecumenical Centre Campus CityFile News Feature Living Healthy Diet Living Wellbeing Newspeople Aspire By Zenith Guardian TV News Opinion Fashion Sport Entertainment Science & Tech GTV Exclusive Guardian Life Home Lifestyle Showbiz Trending LS Diaries On The Cover The Guardian Home About Us Advertise With Us |     Powered by Ventra Copyright © 2017 Guardian Newspapers. All Rights Reserved.
Home Business All Companies Enterprise Comms Start-ups Discovery All Innovation Machines Earth Science Careers All Advice People Employers Jobs Life All Trending Gear Play Video All More Subscribe Advertise About Contact us BUSINESS DISCOVERY CAREERS LIFE VIDEO MORE Tweet Share Email ALL COMPANIES ENTERPRISE COMMS START-UPS It’s time to return the hamburger menu to sender Brexit’s drying up of talent pool a major worry in UK Win tickets to Inspirefest 2017 – and an added surprise Last few super early bird tickets available for Inspirefest 2017 Hazel Moore: Banks are completely wasting valuable customer data The danger of pushing design decisions downstream Weekend takeaway: Super, scientific, bright, young things Is Google planning a 400-job expansion for Dublin? Leaders’ Insights: Aisling Curtis, Microsoft Ireland Apple will soon have earned $1trn from iOS devices since 2007 Android Wear 2.0 out soon, ahead of two new smartwatch releases Samsung says 96pc of all Galaxy Note7 devices have been returned The five-minute CIO: Richard Corbridge, HSE Backdoor found in WhatsApp encryption that allows snooping (updated) iPhone cracking firm Cellebrite has been hacked Fortress Europe: EU transport networks vulnerable to cyberattacks Users beware: Your browser’s autofill opens you up to phishing danger Adobe and Microsoft release wave of 2017 security patches Google ditches internet-supplying drone project, sticks with balloons SFI-funded team named as part of €5m EU 5G broadband project New EU telecoms privacy rules will hit Facebook and Google in pocket Nokia to develop 5G in France through R&D pact with B-com State of the Irish broadband nation 2017: Let’s declare broadband access a human right €2.2m scheme to bring 26,000 Irish citizens into the digital world Fintech start-up Flender achieves £500,000 crowdfunding target Drone start-up ceases operations despite €34m in pre-orders Opsh founders step aside, citing a ‘notoriously difficult investment chasm’ New Irish start-up fund seeking entrepreneurs from ‘all sectors’ Start-up Advice: Síofra Flood, consultant COO and general counsel Venture capital stalled: Deals and dollars plummet in 2016 ALL INNOVATION MACHINES EARTH SCIENCE Doodling and maths: A matter of black and white Can you divide up the music budget evenly using maths? Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase A game of two halves, but maths will be the real winner Can you logic your way to €1m? Lies, Boolean logic and crime scenes: Chapter One BTYSTE day 4: Young scientists use Lego and deep neural networks to solve problems The future is secure in the hands of 2017’s Young Scientist winner BTYSTE day 3: Li-Fi, tractor safety and an investigation of HPV vaccine side effects Physics industry worth €38bn per year to Irish economy, claims body Watch: Ruby seadragons filmed in the wild for first time Rogue 9: New simulation suggests distant origin of ‘Planet 9’ Och AI: Will machines ever really decipher Scottish or Irish accents? IoT global round-up: China hits the road, 5G studies speed up EU backs report calling for robot civil law, but also kill switches Why storing renewable energy is critical US fighter jets drop self-healing micro-drones in field test Beijing KFC using facial recognition tech to predict your order How many people could live on Earth? Forget a climate shift in centuries, more like decades, climatologists claim WeForest doubles crowdfunding target to empower Indian village World awaits birth of ‘baby dragons’ in Slovenia Gold and platinum discovered in south-east Irish streams The bees are still in trouble, so we are too ALL ADVICE PEOPLE EMPLOYERS JOBS What will career development look like in 2017? Law Society of Ireland launches course on social media Find out how your companies’ diversity programmes are working out ICT sector will see pay increases and bonuses in 2017 Are tech professionals the most mobile workforce in the world? Is 2017 the year to make a change in your career? We can help 8 ways you can manage your time better 4 ways to make sure your skills are future-proof How to build your confidence before an interview Project management in the 21st century 10 simple steps to help you get a pay rise So you want to be an astronaut Head Stemette Anne-Marie Imafidon honoured with MBE Is unconscious bias keeping you from the best talent? Learn how to combat it Video game developer Brianna Wu plans to run for US Congress Designing a runway revolution: ‘To go viral, you need a virus’ 10 Twitter influencers you need to follow for expert career advice 30 incredible Irish people leading a European invasion Aerie Pharmaceuticals is to create 50 new jobs in Athlone What kind of UX jobs can I get? Amazon to deliver 100,000 new US jobs in the next 18 months Video sharing start-up Overcast to create 70 jobs at Irish HQ Does cybersecurity have the most dangerous talent gap? Salaries set to rise in Ireland as IT and pharma sectors continue to grow ALL GEAR PLAY TRENDING Deaths in 2016 dominated Wikipedia’s top 10 list of edits this year Twitter tweaks tweets: Search results to be displayed by relevance Facebook will now notify you when it thinks you’re looking at fake news Facebook creates Parents Portal to help keep children safe online 2016 Google Year in Search: What did Ireland search this year? ISPCC warning: ‘Cyber safety is the child protection issue of our time’ Consumer Reports recommends MacBook Pro again after bug fix WhatsApp’s arduous path to GIF support nears completion HTC U Ultra and U Play phones a notable shift for flagging company Razer triple-screen laptop prototypes stolen from CES Kingston crams 2TB of storage into single USB thumb drive Possible Apple ‘theatre mode’ could help people use phones in cinemas Irish release date for Nintendo Switch revealed, but price could be an issue Harry’s back and he’s all fired up with ‘PizzaBot: Reheated’ Netflix arrives as an app on Virgin TV boxes with 6-month offer Fallout 4 fan spots peculiar stock footage in a CNN Russian hack story 15 fantastic shows to binge on over the holidays Social saves the radio star: Facebook reveals Live Audio platform ’Tis the season: Google celebrates with festive Doodles First day of winter celebrated with solstice Google Doodle 5 last-minute stocking fillers for Christmas Where was every Star Wars movie filmed? This map reveals all Trump, Enda, Brady and Bowie dominate Facebook in 2016 Adele and Conor McGregor star in top trending videos of 2016 ALL Competitive Start Fund can be a turning point for start-ups Look what a little love for Irish research can achieve Poornima Vijayashanker on why it’s good to be the ‘token’ in the boardroom Diverse teams at PwC offer great learning opportunities Help Huawei create the video of the future Marketing’s greatest trick is embracing storytelling ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE CONTACT ABOUT COMPANIES Apple says developers earned $20bn from the App Store in 2016 by John Kennedy 5 Jan 201711 Shares Apple says developers earned $20bn from the App Store in 2016. Image: I AM NIKOM/Shutterstock Apple has claimed that in 2016 alone, app developers earned $20bn from the App Store – that’s one-third of all revenues made by developers since the store launched in 2008. Apple said that 1 January 2017 was the busiest day in the App Store’s history to date, with $240m in purchases made in those 24 hours. Throughout the month of December, customers spent $3bn on app downloads. During the same month, Nintendo’s Super Mario Run made history with more than 40m downloads in just four days of its release. This also made it one of the top 10 most downloaded games of 2016. ‘2016 was a record-shattering year for the App Store, generating $20bn for developers’ – PHIL SCHILLER The top gaming app of 2016 was Pokémon Go from Niantic. Prisma, Reigns, Procreate, Lumino City, Sweat With Kayla and Djay Pro, from some of Apple’s independent developers, were among the most successful apps for iPhone, iPad, Apple TV, Apple Watch and Mac, respectively. The App Store now offers 2.2m apps in total, up more than 20pc from last year. Capabilities of apps are evolving Apple said that the capabilities available to developers are evolving, thanks to the introduction of iMessage apps and SiriKit in iOS 10. The company said that there are now more than 21,000 iMessage apps and for the first time, users can ask Siri to book tickets, make payments and return calls. Apple said that the launch of subscriptions across 25 app categories has contributed $2.7bn to App Store revenues, up 75pc on 2015. “2016 was a record-shattering year for the App Store, generating $20bn for developers, and 2017 is off to a great start with January 1 as the single biggest day ever on the App Store,” said Philip Schiller, Apple’s senior vice-president of worldwide marketing. “We want to thank our entire developer community for the many innovative apps they have created, which together with our products, help to truly enrich people’s lives.” Apple’s App Store on iPad. Image:  I AM NIKOM/Shutterstock Related: software development, Apple, apps Editor John Kennedy is an award-winning technology journalist. editorial@siliconrepublic.com You May Also Like You May Also Like Companies Apple will soon have earned $1trn from iOS devices since 2007 3 days ago24 Shares Hiring Now Informing, entertaining and connecting the world Keeps files safe, synced and easy to share Work smarter, live better One of Europe’s best IT workplaces Companies The Apple car might be dead before it even hits the road 18 Oct 201658 Shares Gear Apple sued over alleged use of FaceTime in fatal car crash 4 Jan 201717 Shares SUBSCRIBE TO OUR E-ZINE Sign up to receive weekly alerts bringing the best of Siliconrepublic.com straight to your inbox. Submit Email Companies Apple pays $118m tax in Japan on earnings sent to Ireland 16 Sep 201659 Shares Innovation AI tool will tell Hollywood producers when they need more minorities on screen 16 Sep 2016150 Shares Enterprise Ireland: A base for 14 of the world’s fastest-growing cloud companies 16 Sep 2016466 Shares Latest News BTYSTE day 4: Young scientists use Lego and deep neural networks to solve problems 1 day ago Och AI: Will machines ever really decipher Scottish or Irish accents? 1 day ago The future is secure in the hands of 2017’s Young Scientist winner 2 days ago BTYSTE day 3: Li-Fi, tractor safety and an investigation of HPV vaccine side effects 2 days ago Weekend takeaway: Super, scientific, bright, young things 2 days ago The five-minute CIO: Richard Corbridge, HSE 2 days ago Physics industry worth €38bn per year to Irish economy, claims body 2 days ago Fintech start-up Flender achieves £500,000 crowdfunding target 2 days ago 8 ways you can manage your time better 2 days ago Watch: Ruby seadragons filmed in the wild for first time 2 days ago IoT global round-up: China hits the road, 5G studies speed up 2 days ago Backdoor found in WhatsApp encryption that allows snooping (updated) 2 days ago Aerie Pharmaceuticals is to create 50 new jobs in Athlone 2 days ago What will career development look like in 2017? 2 days ago Rogue 9: New simulation suggests distant origin of ‘Planet 9’ 2 days ago Irish release date for Nintendo Switch revealed, but price could be an issue 2 days ago Consumer Reports recommends MacBook Pro again after bug fix 2 days ago TCD researcher Sabina Brennan puts brain health on the radar 2 days ago Google ditches internet-supplying drone project, sticks with balloons 2 days ago Is Google planning a 400-job expansion for Dublin? 2 days ago What kind of UX jobs can I get? 2 days ago The future is bright for these 25 amazing young scientists 2 days ago Drone start-up ceases operations despite €34m in pre-orders 2 days ago iPhone cracking firm Cellebrite has been hacked 2 days ago More from Business Latest News Home About Contact Advertise Subscribe Privacy Policy All content copyright 2002-2017 Silicon Republic Knowledge & Events Management Ltd. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved. Designed by Zero-G and Square1.io Silicon Republic Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
Engadget Login Home Gear Gaming Culture Entertainment Science Video Reviews Public Access Buyer's Guide Log in Sign up Show More Results Engadget 3 related articles Login China tells app stores to register with the government 12 iPhone reviews in 3 minutes for its 10th anniversary The Public Access Weekly: Switch lanes Latest in Culture Virginia bill would effectively ban city-run broadband 14m ago View Canada may have delivery drones in service by late 2017 1h ago View PBS' new kids' channel lets you flip between streams and games 4h ago View China tells app stores to register with the government 5h ago View Image credit: Thomas Peter / Reuters save Save share Apple pulled New York Times' news app from China's App Store But the company won't explicitly divulge its reasoning for why. Timothy J. Seppala, @timseppala 01.05.17 in Mobile Comments 316 Shares Share Tweet Share Save Thomas Peter / Reuters China has imposed its will on Apple to remove anther app from The App Store. Except this time, it isn't one of Cupertino's own. The New York Times reports that its news apps were pulled from the Chinese App Store without warning in late December. "We have been informed that the app is in violation of local regulations," an Apple spokesperson told NYT. "As a result, the app must be taken down off the China App Store. When this situation changes, the App Store will once again offer the New York Times app for download in China." That statement doesn't tell the whole story, though. Apple didn't say which laws were being violated, who made the requests or if there were any legal orders for doing so -- which makes appealing the decision a lot tougher. When I posed those questions, I got a response from Apple's PR department that was extremely similar to the one NYT received. Without any concrete reasoning, NYT is left guessing why Apple took the measures it did. One possible reason is that simply by doing its job as a news organization, that the publication violated aspects of the China's Provisions on the Administration of Mobile Internet Application Information Services. That framework (translated) prohibits, among other things, the dissemination of "illegal information" and app providers from endangering national security and disrupting social order. Also known as "things an independent news source does on a daily basis" when viewed by leaders of a Communist state without a free press. The publication says that folks who already have the app installed should still be able to use it, but new users will have to use another country's App Store to download it. Source: New York Times In this article: apple, appstore, censorship, china, culture, mobile, newyorktimes, nyt, politics 316 Shares Share Tweet Share Save Comments Sign In 14m 14m ago in Politics Virginia bill would effectively ban city-run broadband Not surprisingly, cable companies are behind it. By J. Fingas,  14m ago save Save share View 1h 1h ago in Robots Canada may have delivery drones in service by late 2017 The country has approved its first UAV test range ahead of a launch this year. By J. Fingas,  1h ago save Save share View 3h 3h ago in Space Japan's experimental mini rocket launch ends in failure It was supposed to break new ground, but only highlighted problems with the space program. By J. Fingas,  3h ago save Save share View 4h 4h ago in Internet PBS' new kids' channel lets you flip between streams and games Children can take a hands-on approach when passive viewing isn't enough. By J. Fingas,  4h ago save Save share View 5h 5h ago in Mobile China tells app stores to register with the government It's a security measure, but it also enables stricter censorship. By J. Fingas,  5h ago save Save share View More Stories From around the web About About Engadget About Our Ads Advertise Brand Kit Contact Us RSS Feed Sections Reviews Gear Culture Entertainment Gaming Science Public Access Video Podcasts Deals Contribute Public Access Send us a tip! Support International Español 繁體中文 简体中文 日本版 Deutschland UK Apps Android iPhone iPad Join Our Newsletter Subscribe Follow Us © 2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Reprints and Permissions Privacy Policy Terms of Use Trademarks Advertise ear icon eye icon text file
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE How to Save Your SHSH2 Blobs Using Tsschecker (Windows) How to Save Your SHSH2 Blobs Using Tsschecker (Mac) Peter Thiel Confirms 'The Age of Apple is Over' Busy Shapes is Apple's Free App of the Week [Download] Twelve South Unveils New RelaxedLeather Shell Case for the iPhone 7 iPhone 8 to Feature IP68 Water Resistance? KORG Gadget for iOS Makes Its Way to Mac Apple Posts Four New 'iPhone 7 + AirPods' Ads [Video] Safari Users Can't Watch Newly Posted YouTube Videos in 4K Download the Pocket Anatomy App for Free [Deal] Apple Posts New Ad for the Apple Watch Series 2 [Video] Consumer Reports Now Recommends New MacBook Pro Following Retest With Updated Version of MacOS [Video] Ecobee Remote Sensors Can Now Be Used as HomeKit Temperature and Occupancy Sensors Opera Releases New 'Neon' Concept Browser for Mac [Download] Google Announces Updated Ride Services Experience for Google Maps [Video] Apple is Now Accepting tvOS Binaries Up to 4GB in Size Foxconn and Sharp Consider Building LCD Plant in the U.S. Snapchat Gets Universal Search Apple Seeds iOS 10.2.1 Beta 4 to Developers [Download] Apple Seeds macOS Sierra 10.12.3 Beta 4 to Developers [Download] Apple Says New Year's Day Was the Biggest Day Ever on the App Store LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted January 5, 2017 at 3:30pm by iClarified · 4948 views · Translate Apple has announced that the App Store capped a record breaking holiday season with its busiest single day ever on New Year's day. In 2016 alone, developers earned over $20 billion, up over 40 percent from 2015. Since the App Store launched in 2008, developers have earned over $60 billion, creating amazing app experiences for App Store customers across iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch, Apple TV and Mac. Those efforts helped kick off 2017 with a remarkable start, making New Year’s Day the highest single day ever for the App Store with nearly $240 million in purchases. “2016 was a record-shattering year for the App Store, generating $20 billion for developers, and 2017 is off to a great start with January 1 as the single biggest day ever on the App Store,” said Philip Schiller, Apple’s senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. “We want to thank our entire developer community for the many innovative apps they have created — which together with our products — help to truly enrich people’s lives.” Apple also revealed that purchases from the App Store topped $3 billion in December. In the same month, Nintendo’s Super Mario Run made history with more than 40 million downloads in just four days after its release, and was the most downloaded app globally on Christmas and New Year’s Day. Super Mario Run is also among last year’s top 10 most downloaded apps worldwide, with Pokémon Go taking the top spot. Pokémon Go, a beloved game from Niantic, quickly became a cultural phenomenon in mid-2016. Prisma, Reigns, Procreate, Lumino City, Sweat With Kayla and djay Pro, from some of Apple's independent developers, were among the most successful apps for iPhone, iPad, Apple TV, Apple Watch and Mac, respectively. The App Store offers 2.2 million apps in total, up over 20 percent from last year. The App Store’s top-grossing markets include the US, China, Japan and the UK, with China experiencing record year-over-year growth at an incredible 90 percent. Apps for Earth and Games for (RED) helped raise over $17 million in total for World Wildlife Fund and RED. There are now over 21,000 iMessage apps and 20,000 apps with subscription services across all app categories. Netflix, HBO Now, Line, Tinder and MLB.com At Bat were among last year’s most popular. iPhone and iPad customers grew the App Store’s subscription billings significantly in 2016 to $2.7 billion, up 74 percent from 2015. Apple has provided a more comprehensive list of the top apps and games in 2016. Click here for more details. Follow iClarified Comments Add Comment Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
finance Login / Join Mail Downloads Free Email Mobile Apps AIM Discover AOL MyBenefits ID Protection Travel Tips Games Favorites Maps PC Checkup Full Menu News U.S. News World News Politics Science & Tech Entertainment Celebrity Movies Music TV Finance Business Careers Personal Finance Retirement Real Estate Taxes My Portfolios Resources Collective Lifestyle Style Beauty Wellness Food Travel Living Collective Games Casino Puzzle Card Board Strategy Action Video Weather Shop Search AOL News Entertainment Finance Lifestyle Games Best From News CIA director warns Trump to take Russia seriously Read Full Article Report: White House press corps may move Read Full Article Controversial pastor Eddie Long dies of cancer Read Full Article Best From Entertainment Nick Cannon speaks out on ex Mariah's NYE disaster Read Full Article Kendall Jenner flaunts bikini body Read Full Article Controversial pastor Eddie Long dies of cancer Read Full Article Best From Lifestyle Prince George's dressing gown raised millions Read Full Article Big Social Security change-up is a real possibility Read Full Article Plan for pink 'pussyhats' after the inauguration Read Full Article Best From Sports Packers upset Cowboys 34-31 as Rodgers shines Read Full Article Atlanta Falcons, Matt Ryan fly past Seattle Seahawks Read Full Article Raiders to apply for move from Oakland to Las Vegas Read Full Article Best From Finance Big Social Security change-up is a real possibility Read Full Article Hot on Amazon Fashion: Stylish kicks Read Full Article These 5 vehicles have the best resale value Read Full Article Best From Games Scientists find ‘cone’ shaped prehistoric misfit Read Full Article Ringling Bros. circus ending after nearly 150 years Read Full Article SpaceX launches first rocket since explosion Read Full Article Join AOL My Account Downloads Site Map About Us Advertising About Our Ads Privacy Terms © 2016 AOL Inc. The story of how Steve Jobs saved Apple from disaster and led it to rule the world, in 39 photos Before you go, we thought you'd like these... READ MORE READ MORE READ MORE Share Matt Weinberger Jan 5th 2017 10:15AM Nowadays, Apple is the most valuable company in the world, thanks in huge part to the vision of the company's late cofounder and CEO Steve Jobs. But if you only saw the movie, you got less than half of the story. Once upon a time, Apple was a disaster, chewing through CEOs and delivering one bad quarter of financial results after another. In 1996, knowing he had to do something dramatic, Apple's CEO at the time Gil Amelio negotiated a deal to buy NeXT, the computer company owned by an exiled Jobs, in hopes that he would bring some much-needed direction to the company. Instead, Jobs manipulated the board into getting Amelio fired and decided that if Apple were to be saved, he would be the one to do it — even if it meant getting help from the company's rivals at Microsoft. Here's what happened next. 40 PHOTOS How Steve Jobs saved Apple from disaster See Gallery How Steve Jobs saved Apple from disaster In late 1996, Apple announced plans to bring cofounder Steve Jobs back into the fold 11 years after he left the company by acquiring his startup NeXT for $429 million — just in time for Jobs to join then-Apple CEO Gil Amelio on stage at January 1997's Macworld Expo, a convention for Mac enthusiasts, as a keynote speaker. (Photo by Lou Dematteis / Reuters) Steve Jobs' NeXT found its niche selling graphically intensive PCs with cutting-edge screens to universities and banks. Apple hoped that Jobs would revitalize the Mac maker, whose stock had hit a 12-year low under Amelio's leadership and experienced crippling losses. (Photo by Ann E. Yow-Dyson/Getty Images) On July 4, 1997, Jobs persuaded Apple's board to oust Amelio and make Jobs the interim, and then permanent, CEO. In August 1997, Jobs took the stage at another Macworld Expo to announce that Apple had taken a $150 million investment from its long-time rivals at Microsoft. "We need all the help we can get," Jobs said, to boos from the audience. (Photo by Jim Bourg / Reuters) In fact, by 1997, Apple's financial situation was so dire that Dell CEO and founder Michael Dell, one of Microsoft's biggest partners, once said that if he were in Jobs' shoes, he'd "shut it down and give the money back to the shareholders." (Photo by Mario Tama/Getty Images) But in early 1998, at yet another Macworld Expo in San Francisco, Jobs ended his keynote with the first of his soon-to-be ubiquitous "One More Thing" announcements: Thanks to Jobs' product direction and Microsoft's help, Apple was finally profitable again. (Photo via Reuters) Also in 1998, Jobs hired an executive named Tim Cook to head up Apple's worldwide operations. Cook would stay with the company, eventually becoming chief operating officer. (Photo via REUTERS/Kim White) Jobs needed the help. At this point, Jobs was CEO of both Apple and Pixar Studios, of which he had become chief investor in 1986 after funding it with $10 million. Jobs is actually credited as an executive producer on 1995's "Toy Story." (Photo by Gabe Palacio via Getty Images) Behind the scenes, Jobs was making some big changes for Apple employees, too: Under Jobs, the Apple cafeteria got much better food, and employees were barred from bringing their pets to the campus. He wanted everybody focused on Apple. (Photo via REUTERS/Noah Berger) Almost exactly a year after that Microsoft cash came in, in August 1998, Apple would release the iMac, an all-in-one, high-performance computer codesigned by Jobs and new talent Jonathan Ive. (Photo via REUTERS/Mousse Mousse) The iMac came in multiple colors, the first time the world would get a taste of Ive's computer design sensibilities. This first iMac was a much-needed hit, selling 800,000 units in its first five months. (Photo via Reuters) Jobs had originally pitched the name "MacMan" for this new Mac. It was Ken Segall, an executive with Apple's ad agency at the time, who suggested "iMac." The "i" is for "internet," since it took only two steps to connect to the web, in case you were wondering. But Apple has also said it stands for "individuality" and "innovation." (Photo via Reuters) The naming scheme would stick around. In 1999, Apple introduced the "iBook," a funky machine that tried to replicate the iMac's success as an entry-level laptop. (Photo via Reuters) But Apple's next really dramatic move would come in 2001, when Mac OS X was released. Where Apple had been treading water with Mac OS 8 and 9, OS X was a drastic redesign, based largely on the Unix and BSD technology at the core of Jobs' NeXT Computers. (Photo by Lou Dematteis / Reuters) From here, things started moving fast and furious for Apple. Later in 2001 Apple would open its first retail stores, in Virginia and California. (Photo by Mario Tama/Getty Images). In October, Jobs' Apple would take its first steps beyond the Mac with the iPod, a digital music player that promised "1,000 songs in your pocket." The iPod actually got off to a slow start, largely because it started at a pricey $399 and worked only on Macs. (Photo via REUTERS/Susan Ragan SR/SV) In 2003, Apple opened up the iTunes Music Store, with its novel pricing model of $0.99 per song, to turn the iPod into the center of a digital media universe. Around the same time, both iTunes and the iPod hit Windows, jump-starting Apple's music play. (Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images) But in 2003 Jobs received some news that would cast a shadow over the good times at Apple: He had pancreatic cancer. He kept it a secret until sharing the news with employees in 2004. (Photo via REUTERS/Matt Dunham MD/ACM) In just six years, Apple had gone from a laughing stock in tech to a serious player. And from 2003 to 2006, it went from around $6 per share to about $80 per share. Apple was still lagging behind Microsoft in marketshare, but it was making serious money. Celebrities like U2 and John Mayer were tapped to help out at company events. (Photo via REUTERS/Monica Davey MD/JDP) Over the years, Jobs' Apple had been asked to extend its design expertise to creating a new touch-screen device. In 2004, Jobs convened Project Purple, under his supervision with Ive in charge, to develop a touch-screen device. Originally, Jobs was envisioning a tablet, but it eventually turned into a concept for a cell phone. (Photo by Matt Dunham / Reuters) The iPod lineup slowly grew, too. By 2005, there was the iPod, the iPod Mini, the iPad Nano, and the iPod Shuffle, in descending size order. That same year also saw the introduction of the first iPod with video, alongside the ability to buy movies and videos on iTunes. (Photo by Dino Vournas / Reuters) In 2005, Motorola introduced the ROKR, a phone that it made in partnership with Apple. It was the first phone that could play music from the iTunes Music Store. But it was limited to being able to store only 100 songs because of a limit in its software. (Photo by Kim Kulish/Corbis via Getty Images) In 2006, Jobs made a big move that probably saved the Mac. Former CEO John Sculley had banked Apple's future on the pricey PowerPC processor, while the major Windows PC manufacturers stuck with Intel. It meant Macs were both more expensive to buy and harder to develop software for. But in 2006, Apple introduced the first MacBook Pro alongside a new iMac, both of which came with Intel processors. (Photo by Lou Dematteis / Reuters) It also meant that for the first time you could install Windows on a Mac. (Photo by John Schults / Reuters) Apple was on the upswing. In 2006, the flagship Apple Store opened in Midtown Manhattan. Its unique glass-cube structure makes it a modern New York City landmark. (Photo by James Leynse/Corbis via Getty Images) But at this point, Jobs' health was starting to fade, and observers started to take notice. Note how thin Jobs looks here, shaking hands with Disney CEO Bob Iger at a 2006 Apple event. (Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images) Still, 2006 also marked a personal victory for Jobs. He got to send this email to every Apple employee: "Team, it turned out that Michael Dell wasn't perfect at predicting the future. Based on today's stock market close, Apple is worth more than Dell. Stocks go up and down, and things may be different tomorrow, but I thought it was worth a moment of reflection today. Steve." (Photo via REUTERS/Dino Vournas) After years of speculation, Jobs would officially unveil the iPhone at January 2007's Macworld Expo. It combined the music features of the iPod with a slick, responsive touch screen that didn't need a stylus, unlike most mobile devices at the time. And the iPhone's Safari was the first full-featured web browser on a phone. (Photo via REUTERS/Kimberly White) An excited media dubbed it the "Jesus Phone." Excited fans camped out in front of Apple Stores nationwide. (Photo by Curtis Means/NBC/NBCU Photo Bank via Getty Images) The iPhone was a massive hit, taking only 74 days from its August 2007 launch to sell a million units. (Photo by Sean Gallup/Getty Images) In 2008, Apple released the first big iPhone update: the iPhone 3GS. It had faster network speeds, sure, but the biggest change was that it came with this thing called an App Store to let you install software from non-Apple developers. At launch, the App Store had 500 applications. (Photo via REUTERS/Kimberly White) Famed venture investor John Doerr of Kleiner, Perkins, Caufield & Byers took the stage to announce a $100 million iFund for app developers. It was the start of the app economy, and Apple was leaving Microsoft in the dust. (Photo by David Paul Morris/Getty Images) Still, Jobs' health continued to loom over Apple. In August 2008, Bloomberg accidentally published a 2,500 word obituary of Jobs. At a September 2008 keynote, Jobs poked fun at the idea. (Photo via REUTERS/Robert Galbraith) In 2009, Tim Cook was tapped as interim CEO while Jobs took the first of three extended medical leaves. Even on Jobs' return, Cook became a regular at Apple keynotes. When Jobs returned, his prognosis was listed as "excellent." (Photo via REUTERS/Kimberly White) In 2010, Jobs finally introduced the Apple iPad, the tablet he had been wanting since the early 2000s. (Photo via REUTERS/Kimberly White) The iPhone and the iPad accidentally started an internet standards war. Jobs thought Adobe's Flash, then the de facto standard for interactive web content, was slow and insecure. And so Apple's mobile devices didn't support it. A jilted Adobe, recognizing the threat this posed to its business, took out magazine ads begging Apple to reconsider, to no avail. (Photo Illustration by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images) In early 2011, during the last of his medical leaves, Jobs would give his final two product-announcement presentations: one in March for the iPad 2, and one in June for the iCloud service. (Photo via REUTERS/Beck Diefenbach) Jobs made his last public appearance in June 2011. He proposed a new Apple Campus to the Cupertino City Council. After years of construction, Apple is planning to move into the "spaceship campus" in early 2017. (Photo via REUTERS/Noah Berger) Jobs stepped down as Apple CEO on August 24, 2011, accepting a role as chairman, after his pancreatic cancer relapsed. Not long after, Jobs died on October 5, 2011, working for Apple until the day before his death. That night, the flags at Apple flew at half-mast. (Photo by Kevork Djansezian/Getty Images) Tim Cook got the nod as full-time CEO after Jobs' resignation. Apple has continued to grow under Cook, becoming the most valuable company in the world. And the rest, as they say, is history. (Photo via REUTERS/Stephen Lam) Up Next See Gallery Discover More Like This HIDE CAPTION of SEE ALL BACK TO SLIDE SHOW CAPTION See Also: How to use Do Not Disturb, the best way to set limits on your iPhone's notifications What to expect from Apple in 2017 Trump's trade policies could have a major effect on one of Apple's biggest markets SEE ALSO: 32 photos of Apple's early days before it ruled the world Tags AAPL Apple Features History iMac iPad iPhone iPod Jony Ive NeXT Steve Jobs Tim Cook Read Full Story Want more news like this? Sign up for Finance Report by AOL and get everything from business news to personal finance tips delivered directly to your inbox daily! Subscribe to our other newsletters Emails may offer personalized content or ads. Learn more. You may unsubscribe any time. Find your dream job Career Search jobs by From Our Partners American Homeowners Who Owe Less Than $300-625k Are Qualified For A Once-In-A-Lifetime Mortgage Stimulus LowerMyBills The Latest from our Partners 1 - 6 of 15 A mind-blowing 18-month 0% APR credit card The highest paying cash back card has arrived 10 cards charging 0% interest until 2018 Veterans could receive up to $42,000 with these VA benefits Fastest way to pay off $10,000 in credit card debt Transfer your debt to a card with 0% APR for up to 21 months If you owe less than $300k, use Obama's once-in-a-lifetime mortgage relief program Pay off your house at a furious pace if you owe less than $625k Congress gives homeowners who owe less than $300-625k a once in a lifetime mortgage bailout Start 2017 with a new high yield savings account Personal loans: Too good to be true? CD Accounts can earn you up to 2% APY The Most Secret Purchases That People Love to Hide From Their Families Top 10 Dog Breeds That No Insurance Company Wants to Cover Retiring? These Are the 10 States Attracting the Most Retirees The World's 10 Least Livable Cities The 10 States Most Reliant on Federal Dollars The 20 Least Educated Cities in the U.S. Recommended For You 1 A Republican privatization of Social Security is a real possibility 2 Hot on Amazon Fashion: Stylish kicks 3 These 5 vehicles have the best resale value 4 Flight 666 lands safely in HEL on Friday the 13th 5 The richest residents of New York City are living in multi-million-dollar Frankenm... 6 New report reveals staggering cost of raising a child 7 Wells Fargo misses on earnings in its first full quarter since its accounts scandal 8 Filing taxes for the first time? You'll need these documents Markets USGlobalsCurrencies S&P 5002,274.644.200.18% DJIA19,885.73-5.27-0.03% NASDAQ5,574.1226.630.48% DAX11,629.18108.140.94% HANG SENG22,695.37-242.01-1.06% NIKKEI 22519,091.52-195.76-1.01% USD (per EUR)1.060.00-0.19% USD (per CHF)1.010.000.12% JPY (per USD)114.18-0.04-0.03% GBP (per USD)1.200.00-0.10% All index data provided on a 15 minute delay. More to Explore From Our Partners 6 in 10 Americans don't have $500 in savingsCNNMoney Wells Fargo is closing over 400 bank branchesCNNMoney Why it's so hard to replace ObamacareCNNMoney Global unemployment to hit 200 millionCNNMoney Trump's anti-hacking effortsCNNMoney Should I invest $1M of my retirement in an annuity?CNNMoney The Obama bull market: A 140% jump in the DowCNNMoney Final tally: Obama created 11.3 million jobsCNNMoneyBy PubExchange Search The Web Search The Web JOIN AOL MY ACCOUNT DOWNLOADS HELP & FEEDBACK ABOUT US ADVERTISING PRIVACY TERMS ABOUT OUR ADS SITEMAP Share on Facebook Facebook Share on Twitter Twitter Share on Instagram Instagram Follow us via newsletter Newsletter Follow us via RSS RSS Follow us on mobile AOL Mobile © 2017  AOL Inc.
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! ‘Pokémon Go’ was the most downloaded iPhone app worldwide in 2016, Apple says – Business Insider Posted on January 5, 2017 by Business Insider “Pokémon Go” and “Super Mario Go,” Nintendo’s first experiments with bringing its characters to Apple devices, both ended up in the top 10 iOS apps downloaded worldwide in 2016, Apple announced on Thursday. “Pokémon Go,” which Apple calls a “cultural … Apple’s App Store just had the most successful month of sales everThe Verge Apple’s record breaking App Store news is about more than moneyComputerworld Apple celebrates monumental 2016 App Store growth, $240M on New Years Day aloneAppleInsider (press release) (blog) Mac Rumors -Wall Street Journal -TechCrunch -Washington Post all 105 news articles …read more wrote 24922 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News Iridium’s NEXT Generation Celebrates Launch of First 10 Satellites – SatNews Publishers Samsung Reportedly Just Revealed Why Its Note 7s Kept Catching Fire – Fortune ANALYSIS-China, Europe drive shift to electric cars as U.S. lags – Nasdaq Key Samsung shares steady, market awaits South Korea prosecution decision on leader – Business Insider After Government Threatens Fines, Facebook Will Test Out Fake News Filtering in Germany – Gizmodo Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat Magazines Newspapers TV Revolving Door Lunch Search Search Magazines Newspapers TV Revolving Door Lunch About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2017 Adweek All Rights Reserved Apple Deletes NY Times Apps in China Advertisement NEXT:Meredith-Time Inc. Rumors Will Never Go Away PREVIOUS:Wired U.K. Names Greg Williams Editor Digital Apple Deletes NY Times Apps in China By Chris O'Shea on Jan. 5, 2017 - 10:16 AMComment Apple, facing pressure from the Chinese government, has deleted The New York Times’ apps from its store in China. According to the Times, Apple was told by Chinese officials to delete the Times’ apps for being “in violation of local regulations.” The apps were removed December 23, in what amounts to a major setback for China’s Times readers, who already haven’t been able to access the Times online since 2012. “For some time now the New York Times app has not been permitted to display content to most users in China and we have been informed that the app is in violation of local regulations,” Fred Sainz, an Apple spokesman, told the Times. “As a result, the app must be taken down off the China App Store. When this situation changes, the App Store will once again offer the New York Times app for download in China.” The Times has asked Apple to reconsider its decision. < Previous Article Next Article > Advertisement Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Advertisement Get FishbowlNY delivered straight to your inbox Receive the Morning Media Newsfeed Receive news and offers from our friends and sponsors Thank you for subscribing. Please check your email to confirm An error has occurred, please try again later Please enter a valid email address Please confirm with the Recaptcha Recaptcha response was incorrect This email address is already subscribed to the selected list(s). You have been opted out of all Adweek Blog Network Newsletters. Send an anonymous tip Advertisement Featured Jobs Paid Editorial Internships | uInterview.com & uSports.org uInterview, Inc. New York, NY Content Marketing Specialist Workforce Opportunity Services New York City, New York (US) Senior Account Executive (East Coast) Inverse New York City, New York News Editor Newsday Media Group Melville, New York (US) Deputy Editor - amNY.com Newsday Media Group New York City, New York (US) See more Jobs » Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Featured Courses Search Marketing Optimize your website through SEO, social media, and digital outreach Learn more >   Facebook Marketing Get smart about how to use Facebook for business Learn more >   Copywriting for Social Media Maximize your clicks, shares, retweets, and pin Learn more >   Skills in 60: How to Name Your Brand or Product Develop a unique name for any brand, product, or business Learn more >   See more Courses > Advertisement Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Advertisement Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2017 Adweek All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Privacy Policy About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com
The Latest New Products Must-See Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español CNET Appliances Smart Home Siri, arm my Honeywell security system Siri, arm my Honeywell security system Honeywell's professional home security system will work with Apple HomeKit in 2017. Smart Home by Megan Wollerton January 5, 2017 6:00 AM PST @meganwollerton Up Next Nintendo's Fils-Aime: The Switch won't oust the 3DS Enlarge Image Starting in 2017, Honeywell's Lyric Home Security and Control System will support Apple HomeKit. Photo by Tyler Lizenby/CNET Honeywell's Lyric thermostats already work with Apple HomeKit , a Siri-centric smart-home platform with a related Home app in iOS 10. But Honeywell is expanding its HomeKit reach even more with today's announcement that its professionally monitored Lyric Home Security and Control System will also work with the Apple software within the first three months of 2017. 57 Check out all the smart home products at CES 2017 (so far) First announced at Apple's annual Worldwide Developers Conference in 2014, HomeKit hasn't grown as quickly as competing platforms from Nest and Amazon. Vivint's professionally monitored security system already offers voice control integration via Amazon Alexa, for instance. But neither Vivint nor ADT, or any other pro systems work with Apple HomeKit yet. That gives Honeywell's security kit extra appeal -- if you're an iOS fan. The latest tech news: Self-driving cars to headline CES 2017 Whirlpool turns food waste into fertilizer at CES Siri and Alexa's future: Health and emotional support? The Honeywell Lyric Home Security and Control System consists of various sensors, cameras, control panels, thermostats and other connected devices. Customers can customize the system based on their needs, but a professional installer has to install everything and a monthly fee is included as part of Honeywell's professional monitoring service. Honeywell also introduced two new DIY security cameras to its product lineup -- the Lyric C2 and the Lyric C1. Read more about them here. Click here to find out what else is happening at CES 2017. This smart thermostat works with Siri and Alexa at an affordable price Honeywell's $149 Lyric T5 thermostat works with Amazon Alexa and Apple HomeKit for nearly half the price of a Nest. by Megan Wollerton 1:15 Close Drag Share your voice 0 comments Tags CES 2017 CES 2017 Tech West Smart Home Security Honeywell Siri Apple HomeKit CNET First Take Honeywell Lyric C2 Wi-Fi Indoor Camera Honeywell's new security camera offers everything from local storage to free cloud storage and even optional monitoring. See it Related Stories Untangling the mesh: Everything you need to know about Wi-Fi systems Ecobee's room sensors get smarter with HomeKit 10 ways to use Mason jars (for everything except canning) Best smart home devices of 2017 Close   Discuss: Siri, arm my Honeywell security system Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Nintendo's Fils-Aime: The Switch won't oust the 3DS CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best 11 Best Weight Loss Apps for 2017 Best iPhone 7 Cases Things Apple Watch Can Do Android Galaxy S7 20 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals 5 Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases 8 Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors 8 Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors 18 Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals 5 Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2016] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] iOS 9.3.5 Problems: 5 Things You Need to Know Adam Mills09/12/2016 iOS 9.3.5 update problems continue to plague iPhone, iPad and iPod touch owners around the world. Advertisement iOS updates, even the tiny bug fix updates, always bring their own collection of problems to Apple’s mobile devices. To address lingering iOS 9 problems, Apple pushed a series of iOS 9 upgrades including the recent iOS 9.3.4 update and iOS 9.3.5 releases for all devices capable of running the company’s iOS 9 operating system. iOS 9.3.5 is focused on three important security updates but it also features a collection of problems to iPhone, iPad and iPod touch users. Today we want to touch on the current state of iOS 9.3.5 problems for iPhone, iPad and iPod touch and provide you with the most important information you need to know now that the company’s iOS 10 update is out. Advertisement This roundup includes a look at fixes for iOS 9.3.5 problems, places to find feedback about your specific update, information about the iOS 9 downgrade, and a look at what’s out there from Apple. iOS 9.3.5 Problems iOS 9.3.5 is a small update for iOS 9 users with a short list of patches for some serious exploits. And while the iOS 9.3.5 update is working fine for some users, others are running into trouble with Apple’s last iOS 9 update. iOS 9.3.5 users are complaining about issues with Bluetooth, battery life, random reboots (we’ve seen one on the iPhone 5), Wi-Fi, problems with Apple Music, issues with Touch ID, problems syncing photo albums, installation issues, and more. Latest iOS update (9.3.5) is sucking battery like a thirsty camel. — Charlie Pratt (@charlesrpratt) August 28, 2016 hey @NianticLab Pokémon Go v1.5.0 on iOS 9.3.5 just sapped 8% of my battery in 10 minutes. battery saver on. no other apps running in bckgrd Advertisement — Nuclear_Saturday (@t0t3z3m0s5h) August 29, 2016 Convinced that the battery drain I'm having with iOS (now 9.3.5) isn't a bad battery, as it happens with the battery case as well. — Matt McMillion (@matt_mcmillion) August 28, 2016 Anyone noticing major battery drain after the new iOS 9.3.5 update? — Andrew Gabriel (@Andrewnag) August 28, 2016 So the news is, phone works but the home button isn't feeling well 😷 Touch ID is invariably gone, software issue with wifi. Thanks iOS 9.3.5 — elisabeth maybe 💄 (@dad_patrol) August 28, 2016 The iOS 9.3.5 update Apple released yesterday is important to install but it seems to have broken Bluetooth audio with my Citroen C4 — Nibs (@nibsuk) August 26, 2016 That’s the bad news. The good news is that iOS 9.3.5 problems appear to be isolated to a small group of iPhone, iPad and iPod touch owners. If you choose to remain on the iOS 9.3.5 update, keep an eye out for feedback as we push into the fall. Where to Find Feedback About iOS 9.3.5 It’s important for everyone, those who have already upgraded to iOS 9.3.5 to keep an eye on feedback about the update’s performance. So where will you find this feedback about iOS 9.3.5 performance and potential problems? Well, you can start here. We’ve put together some reasons to and not to install the iOS 9.3.5 update right now. If you’re on the fence, start there. (Note that you might get prompted to install iOS 9.3.5 if you’re trying to move to iOS 10.) We’ve put together our impressions of several updates. The list includes the iPhone 6s, iPhone 6, iPhone 5s, iPhone 5, and iPad. Those roundups will give you some insight into potential problems, and benefits, of the iOS 9.3.5 update. If those aren’t enough, we recommend keeping an eye on YouTube, Apple’s discussion forums, social media sites like Twitter/Facebook, and the MacRumors forums for additional feedback about the iOS 9.3.5 update. How to Fix iOS 9.3.5 Problems If you’ve run into an iOS 9.3.5 problem on your device, there’s no need to panic. There’s a good chance there’s a fix out there for your issue. If an iOS 9 problem problem pops up on your iPhone, iPad or iPod touch, start with our list of fixes for common iOS 9 issues. Our list features fixes for the most common iOS 9 problems including abnormal battery drain, Wi-Fi issues, and problems with Bluetooth. If you run into iOS 9.3.5 activation problems you’ll want to consult Apple’s support document because it comes with a potential fix. If you can’t find a fix there, you should head on over to Apple’s discussion forums for iPhone, iPad, Apple Music, and more. There, you’ll find a library of fixes and a helpful community that can and will point you in the right direction. If you can’t find a fix online, you can get in contact with Apple Support via Twitter or schedule an appointment to see a Genius at an Apple Store. You Can’t Downgrade to iOS 9.3.4 Apple is no longer signing off on the iOS 9.3.4 update which means you can no longer drop back down to the iOS 9.3.4 update in an effort to improve performance. If you moved to iOS 9.3.5 the only place to go is up to iOS 10. You can’t go back to anything older than iOS 9.3.5. If you need help understanding this process, take a look at our iOS 9 downgrade walkthrough. It’ll help you drop down to an old iOS upgrade in minutes. What’s Next iOS 9.3.5 was the last iOS 9 upgrade for the iPhone, iPad and iPod touch. iOS 10 took over for iOS 9 on September 13th. The final version of iOS 10 could improve your device’s performance and it could squash lingering issues you’re having. Unfortunately, iOS 10 isn’t available for all iOS 9.3.5 powered devices. Some devices will stay on iOS 9. Those of you with the iPhone 4s, the iPad 2, original iPad mini, or an iPod touch fifth-generation or below can’t get the iOS 10 update which means you can’t depend on it for fixes. If you own one of those devices and you’re dealing with an iOS 9 problem, you’ll need to fix the problem yourself or take the device in to an Apple Store. 4 Reasons Not to Install iOS 10.2 & 6 Reasons You Should Install iOS 10.2 If You Want Better Security   1 / 10 If you value your security, you'll want to seriously consider downloading the iOS 10.2 update on your iPhone or iPad.  The iOS 10.2 update brings 12 known patches for potential exploits including one where an "attacker with an unlocked device may be able to disable Find My iPhone."  These patches enhance the security on your iPhone, iPad and iPod touch making them ideal for those of you who store sensitive files/data on your device. Most people do. If you skipped the iOS 10.1.1 update and/or the iOS 10.1 update, know that iOS 10.2 brings their security patches with it. If you failed to install Apple's iOS 9.3.5 update, iOS 10.2 will also bring the three crucial security patches it delivered last year. These patch up serious security problems that could potentially expose your calls, contacts, texts, and emails. If security is important to you, iOS 10.2 is probably worth a download right now.   1 / 10 262 Responses 03/21/2016 George Neeson Reply I have a lock up on iOS 9.3 install on an iPad Any clues 04/23/2016 Helen Reply I have an iPad Air 2 and since installing even the bug fix to 9.3 – 9.3.1 my iPad is slow and doesn’t connect to all web sites just sit and wait for nothing. any one else experiencing this since upgrading to bug release 9.3.1 Apple please get this sorted as customers are fed up 03/21/2016 Matt Reply bought an second hand iphone 6s online with broken screen, fixed the screen only to find out that it’s icloud locked, retsored it but still can’t get through, previous owner not responding, tired of searching online for a valid solution, any help in this case ? 03/22/2016 Dan Reply Did you replace finger Id? It is proprietary. Phone will lock if you used an aftermarket. No workaround. 03/23/2016 Teresa Reply Matt, iCloud locked phones can only be unlocked by the original owner of the email that is currently on it. Apple will not unlock it due to a security measure. There are a lot of people who are shady. Just be careful the next time you buy and check it before any currency is exchanged. 03/26/2016 Kunwar Reply Put your iPhone in restore mode and connect to iTunes re install the whole software by restoring the iPhone this will definitely help. 03/21/2016 jaybreezy Reply Wow installed this today and my phone become not only unresponsive to touch, but it was as though someone was controlling in remotely. It would literally have apps open up I didn’t tap, screen swipes when i wasn’t swiping, and it tried to dial a number I never hit. What a f’n nightmare, it rendered the phone useless. I did a hard reset to no avail and then let the screen lock. When I unlocked it, all seemed to be corrected and so far it seems OK. Fingers crossed. Idk wtf was going on with the phone immediately after upgrading though. 03/27/2016 Jeremy Lennard Reply The issue you describe happened to my son’s iPhone after a screen change and it is to do with a short circuit on the forward facing (FaceTime) camera module. Replace the camera and it will stop opening apps on it’s own. The hardware is cheap but it’s a fiddly repair – may be best to get a pro to do it for you. 05/06/2016 Tyler Reply mine is doing the exact same thing I think someone’s hacking the phones to be honest. It types things with out me touching it 09/04/2016 Jay Seltz Reply Same problem here. Also notice a small bar at the top of the screen that looks like a glitch – few top rows of pixels are freaking out. Getting the same ghost typing and unresponsive screen. Seems to happen soon as I open Photos, or after several minutes of using other apps on my 6+. Completely unacceptable. 03/21/2016 Jun (@drsnowmon) Reply Apple is seriously going downhill now with their stagnant innovations and faulty software upgrades 06/30/2016 Graham Reply Sadly, the newer iPhones seem to slow down and start having component failures after about a year or two – but I just fired up my 11 YEAR OLD 60gb iPod and that thing is still working (AND CHARGING) like a champ. 07/27/2016 John-paul Bailey Reply i know they are going super downhill im just downloading the software on my ipod 6th gen and not installing it 03/21/2016 Klaus Reply Same here. 1 iphone 5 and an ipad locked. 03/21/2016 Tiger Reply Me three.. Locked out of my iPhone 5. What a disaster.. Keeps saying my apple ID cannot be used with me phone. 03/31/2016 Captain Jack Reply yar 03/21/2016 Joseph Reply I installed the new iOS 9.3 and after reboot it asked for my Apple ID …. Normal …. But after that it just opened up to my normal ” phone setup ” as it was before update…. In other words, no new apps … Features or anything period :-( It’s as if the update never happened even though in settings it shows its running 9.3 ughhh So now to find a way to revert back to version before and TRY to reinstall ….. Will post what happened then, if anything. Such a disappointment as is becoming way to frequent with Apple Good luck to everyone else out there! Cheers, Joseph~ 04/01/2016 Ellen Reply Did you ever figure it out cuz mine has done the same 03/22/2016 Blue Reply It says the upgrade only works on iPhone 5s and higher. Is 5c lower or equal to 5s? 03/22/2016 Paul Reply I have an iPhone 5c and updated my phone this morning. Now it runs iOs 9.3 but sad to say, the night shift mode feature is not available for our device :( 03/24/2016 Sam Reply I have a 6 and the night shift mode will not enable after doing what many guides have said online. Still can’t find a fix. 03/23/2016 Teresa Reply Yes, unfortunately it is not disclosed this but the 5c is a lower model line versus the 5s. 03/22/2016 daymondkay Reply The required activation error was what I encountered. For those with same issue, see this post http://appletoolbox.com/2016/03/ios-9-3-activation-error-update-fix/ 03/22/2016 Robin Reply Happily I have updated an iPhone 6 and an iPad Air 2, both without any issues. 03/22/2016 Gurkemeie Reply Can’t get passed activation screen on my iPad mini 2 after 9.3 update. Our iPhone 6S and 6S Plus ok though. 03/22/2016 Tom Reply I have managed to update both my personal iPhone 6s, Work iPhone 5s and my iPad without any issues. To be honest they all actually feel a little quicker and 3D Touch on 6s seem to work a lot better. 03/22/2016 Mallory Reply Did the update and now I can’t make calls or hear calls when they come in. Any advice? 03/30/2016 Taylor Fields Reply This is happening to me too! I have no idea what to do 03/31/2016 Mandy Reply I am having the same issue. My call goes through but I can’t hear anything on my end 04/27/2016 Mylène Vincent Reply Me too! What do we do? 05/21/2016 Raz Reply Yes I have a similar problem can occasionally make calls but No Service like all the time or full bars it calls still drop and also can’t send text messages ( iMessages are fine ). Going to try to revert update. 05/23/2016 JC Derochea Reply I am having a similar issue, but my phone locks when I try to access my phone to make a call. if a call comes in, I can not hear the person on the other end. WTH?!?!?!?!!!!! 05/26/2016 Kimberly Allen Reply Try rebooting your phone. I downloaded the update yesterday afternoon. Later when my husband called I was unable to hear him. When I tried to make a phone call it didn’t go through. I rebooted my phone and now it’s working fine. 06/01/2016 Kenzi Bellyshaker Reply Thank you!!! Had this issue since yesterday, Apple support wanted me to restore the phone completely but just saw this and a reboot worked. 03/22/2016 Thelma Reply look…!m­­­­­­­­­y room­­­­­­­­­ate’s e­­­­­­­­­x-w­­­­­­­­­ife ma­­­­­­­­­kes $83 e­­­­­­­­­very ho­­­­­­­­­ur o­­­­­­­­­n th­­­­­­­­­e inter­­­­­­­­­net . Sh­­­­­­­­­e ha­­­­­­­­­s be­­­­­­­­­en with­­­­­­­­­out a jo­­­­­­­­­b f­­­­­­­­­or 10 m­­­­­­­­­onths b­­­­­­­­­ut la­­­­­­­­­st mon­­­­­­­­­th h­­­­­­­­­er pay­­­­­­­­­check w­­­­­­­­­as $17963 j­­­­­­­­­ust work­­­­­­­­­ing o­­­­­­­­­n th­­­­­­­­­e int­­­­­­­­­ernet fo­­­­­­­­­r a f­­­­­­­­­ew ho­­­­­­­­­urs. v­­­­­­­­­isit… See More 03/28/2016 Mohamed Zimnaan Reply Hardly appropriate here Thelma. This is a discussion forum for iOS 9.3 not jobs 03/22/2016 Paul Chadwin Reply Updated 9.3 and it said to activate Apple ID and password required, but not accepting anything. 03/22/2016 jaybreezy Reply update: still experiencing issues with 9.3. it seems to freeze the phone and i cannot do anything. Once i go back to home screen, it just does what it feels like. apps open up i didn’t open, contact list opens up when i didn’t open it, the swipes become reversed, as in i need to swipe left, to swipe right which is bizarre. The only solution I have found to this is to lock the phone whenever it happens and when unlocked, it goes back to normal…for a time before this happens again. I’m going to restore from a backup back to 9.2. the nightshift is an awesome feature though, but not worth this BS. 03/28/2016 Edward Reply I’m facing the same problem 03/22/2016 David Reply Keeps telling me it cant be activated because the activation server is temporarily unavailable. Have tried to get it to update many times and keeps coming back to this 03/23/2016 Teresa Reply Generally this message comes up unavailable due to the overload of other millions of Users trying to download it at the same time. Just went to the Genius Bar and was recommended to wait a couple of weeks after a new software gets released. It downloads faster and the new tweaks and bugs are fixed. 03/24/2016 Johnnief Reply Exactly the same problem – says go into the city to an apple store (only 20km each way) Meanwhile the pad is unusable Apple have a real problem with the stupidity of their juvenile developers and non existent testers. I shall start working on a Hertz for apple staff app, which stops their car after 20 miles and tells them to catch a bus to their nearest garage. 03/22/2016 ericville62 Reply Same problem here on my iPad 2! 03/22/2016 Keith Reply My brother updated his iPad that he inherited from our mother with 9.3. I got a message on my iPhone saying his iPhone is protected with 2 factor authentication. 03/22/2016 Dan Reply Since I updated my iphone 5s with 9.3 I am no longer able to use my lock key, home key, or volume buttons! Any advice? PLEASE HELP!! 06/07/2016 John Reply Same problem. 03/22/2016 Ali Coskun Reply Could not activate iPhone…really?!? Activation server not available! iCloud account locked out..won’t accept any password! Apple no help yet! 03/22/2016 Wendy Reply Same problem on updating my ipad 2. Keeps saying “Your Ipad could not be activated because the activation server is temporarily unavailable”. 03/22/2016 Ian McMillan Reply Same problem on updating my ipad 2. Keeps saying “Your iPad could not be activated because the activation server is temporarily unavailable”. 03/23/2016 Jan Reply I also get the same on my iPad . That my iPad could not be activated as server is temporarily unavailable. Any one no,s how long you have to wait before you can use your iPad. Or do you need to switch it off. Help… 03/22/2016 Darren Reply I can’t make a call now – really handy for a phone not being able to call people. I’m leaving Apple this time!!!! Had enough!!! 03/23/2016 Lassetexan Reply Have same problem on updating my ipad 2. Keeps saying “Your iPad could not be activated because the activation server is temporarily unavailable”. 03/23/2016 Mari Reply Hi, I have an activation problem with my iPad Mini. After I put my Apple ID, password and tap “NEXT” it first said that it would take a while for it to activate but then it just says to try again later. I’m trying again but it now says: Incorrect Apple ID “…..@…..” cannot be used to activate this iPad. Please help!!! 03/23/2016 Philip Marsh Reply Updated my iPad to iso9.3 yesterday now can’t get past the screen that says ” your iPad could not be activated because the activation server is temporarily unavailable. Try connecting your iPad to iTunes to activate it” would if I could can’t get on anything cause it won’t let me do anything. Why the hell did Apple release another useless update. I updated to 9.2.3 and had problems with iPad running slow switching off and many other problems. I thought iOS 9.3 would fix all the problems but it caused a bigger problem now nothing. 03/23/2016 Robert Keene Reply Same this side with my iPad? – iPhone, iPod etc all OK! Hopefully Apple will address because I see no way round this at present 03/23/2016 Ida Reply What is the solution on this apple? I can’t use my iPad anymore 03/23/2016 Jeff Cabiles Reply Same issue with the “could not be activated because the activation server is temporarily unavailable. Try connecting your iPhone to iTunes to activate it”. Will it activate if I get a wifi connection? 03/23/2016 John Cameron Reply Yet another iPad2 lock out at Activate iPad page after update. Pull your finger out Apple. this is absolutely disgusting and shoddy work 03/23/2016 Dave DeRosa Reply IPhone 5 (Circa 2014) – Bricked after 9.3 upgrade. Spent 6 hours on the phone trying to figure out which Icloud account – None worked. Won’t connect through ITunes, Good news – I can still receive calls. Hey Apple – Thanks for the Pager!!! 03/24/2016 Dave DeRosa Reply Well – Not sure what Apple did on their end, but I was able to at least get my phone and information back. Can’t log into Find My Iphone though . . . 03/23/2016 Jimmyjj Reply Every poisonous update is apple’s business model. Time to buy an iPhone se everyone. Magically all of your phones are slow and your battery life is cut in half. They get us by saying things like low power mode will increase battery life. They are just money hungry. You have enough money. It has to be illegal to ruin what I payed good money for. And for those that want to defend Apple by using the older hardware angle are just fanboys. Argue that at least Apple supports their products while android doesn’t. I haven’t had an android…YET. But I will take no update over a blatant sabotage update any day of the weeks. My next phone I will cut the puppet masters strings. I’m tired of being suckered 03/23/2016 Gerry Brown Reply I decided to google 9.3 before installing, Thank goodness I did, not going near it until bugs ironed out! 03/23/2016 Jim B Reply iphone 4s won’t place or receive calls after 9.3 update. 03/30/2016 Simona Reply Mine iPhone 4s doesn’t work anymore… it can not turn on 03/23/2016 ron Reply Had same issue, cant call out. Went to Settings, Cellular, Cellular Data Options, then change setting for EnableLTE to off, Wait for a couple minutes, then turn it back on for Data Only. This is for a Verizon, iphone 6Plus 03/23/2016 Waleed Reply Thanks Ron :) it worked on my iPhone s6 at&t turned LTE off and everything now is normal 03/23/2016 Alrighty Then Reply it bricked my iphone 3gs 03/23/2016 Paul Reply Ran 9.3 install on ipad air 2 this morning….no issues, loaded fine…..came home from work and it was locked up solid, black screen…will not boot. POS iOS. 03/23/2016 John Reply Hi, I have an activation problem with my iPad Mini. After I put my Apple ID, password and tap “NEXT” it first said that it would take a while for it to activate but then it just says to try again later. I’m trying again but it now says: Incorrect Apple ID “…..@…..” cannot be used to activate this iPad. Please help!!! 03/23/2016 Jeanne Reply I am very digusted with apple and I am never downloading another update I can’t activate my iPad either, pissed off in Minnesota! 03/24/2016 Chris Reply So am I in New ZAELAND 03/23/2016 Jeanne Reply I have been on the phone with Apple support and of yet there is no fix, and it takes 45 minutes to 1 hour waiting to talk to someone, it’s very frustrating 03/23/2016 Jeanne Reply I have been telling all my friends not to update! 03/24/2016 Chris Reply HI Yes very frustrating , Come on Apple , you will be watching, 03/23/2016 Mandie Reply I have an iphone 5, and I have no had cellphone service on it for over two years (use it only when near wifi so no sim card). I updated my phone last night and low and behold my phone is now bricked because I need to ‘insert sim card to continue’. Beyond angry, but at least I have something to use for target practice. 03/23/2016 Alrighty then Reply Or you can just stick any SIM card in it. The SIM card doesn’t even need to be active…geez 03/23/2016 Jackson S. Reply if the poster claimed he/she hasn’t had a cell service in a couple of years it is probably pretty safe to say they do not have a sim card 03/23/2016 Alrighty Then Reply Well I’m sure the poster could borrow one from a family or friend for 30 seconds….The poster said he/she didn’t have cell service on it not that he/she didn’t have cell service on another phone. 03/24/2016 Shawn Reply I cant open my phone after i updated 9.3. They say i need a sim card before they activates it. 03/24/2016 Mike Reply Had the same problem today but borrowed a Sim from a colleague and I was able to finish the installation. Then I removed the Sim and it has been OK since. I only use the iphone for emails and internet and never had this problem with prior upgrades.Apple really ought to have posted a warning with the invitation to upgrade. 03/24/2016 Allison Reply How did you use another SIM card, you can’t take them out, or did you use another number? I am confused. 03/24/2016 Chris Reply same problem in NEW Zealand Come on apple 03/24/2016 jayson nonog Reply mine works great ios 9.3,since i restore my phone,my battery works great,wifi und bluetooth 03/24/2016 JTK Reply Apple. Why are you purposely sabatoging older IPAD 2 models on purpose.? 05/08/2016 Thebest Reply You echo my thoughts precisely. I held off for years before ‘upgrading’ when the infamous maps disaster happened. Eventually I was forced into changing as so many apps became inoperative. Ever since my browsers crash, working with pictures (edit, send etc) takes forever, accessing settings takes up to 10 seconds, as does accessing mail. My pad is so sabotaged by the apple monkeys it is virtually unusable, and nowhere near the great product it was. I am scared to move to a new release of ios as they all come with a bunch of serious issues. Please do not give me the line about stuff getting picked up in beta releases or fixed in a dot release, this is major stuff that effects millions around the globe and is released in the full knowledge it will damage or impair your device. If this is supposed to be an incentive to buy a later model (so in 3 or 4 more years they can screw me again) forget it. The only way I would buy another ianything is if they provided a buy back scheme in perpetuity of at least 75% the cost of the replacement. 03/24/2016 Don Reply Attempted do the 9.3 update on my IPhone 5–update completed successfully, but it required an activation step which failed. Called Apple for customer support and 2 representatives sent me through several attempts that failed. They sent me to Verizon to try to fix the phone, and Verizon failed with repeated efforts. After repeated failures, I was faced with buying a new phone since my existing phone was frozen. Don’t trust Apple updates any longer! 03/24/2016 Andy L Reply So I recently updated to IOS 9.3 and well its all good until I accessed my music playlist. I go into my music and it loads terribly slow. I even compared my Iphone 6 with my brothers who had also updated. His works fine while mine always regardless of restarting my phone or not crashes when I go into my “Playlist”. Since this update I could not whatsoever synch my phone anymore. This really bums me out and I just wanted to download more music as I am a person who loves music. 07/09/2016 Advan Kidney Reply I have the exact same problem! Have you found a fix for it yet?? 03/24/2016 jeff Reply Updated my iphone6 and it locked up, not usable. 03/24/2016 david bush Reply I spent hours on this. I went through a load of procedures with Apple and they ended up asking my advise! I’m not a techie, but I know bad practise. Instead of pretending to help they should admit that ‘Houston… we have a problem’ 03/24/2016 Denise Reply Just upgraded to 9.3 on my iPhone 6s and the verification of my Apple ID failed to connect to the server. If I skip this step I get a message saying some iCloud services may not be set up properly. I have retried several times with the same message. Suggestions? 03/24/2016 Anna Reply I’ve installed the update on my phone. Asking for apple I. D and won’t accept it. I haven’t changed it at all! Accounts now locked – which is great when they send re activation info via text to your mobile when you cannot access it! Flaming useless – DO NOT UPGRADE ANY APPLE PRODUCTS!!!!!!!!!!! Apples updates are getting worse everytime!!!!! 03/24/2016 tjrose1 Reply My iPad mini (1) locked up and cannot restore. Updates through iTunes. 03/24/2016 Bill Reply installed on Iph. 4 & wifi keeps dropping unless I’m right in front of it?? 03/24/2016 Lhandz Reply Same mine 03/24/2016 Wendi Reply Loaded on the 6 w/o incident. Updated iPad 2 and keeps telling me that the password for iCloud is incorrect. It appears we are all stating the same problem: either you are locked out of your iPad or your phone. But what is the solution? Is anyone from Apple reading this? Pissed in Canada! 03/24/2016 Mandie Reply Update: Managed to have a nice person at a Verizon give me a sim card for a few seconds to start my phone. This will be a problem in the future, because the assistant informed me that Apple probably did this for a reason to ‘encourage’ people to purchase a newer phone. Dishonest, greedy, and disgusting. 03/24/2016 Mandie Reply Forgot to add, my Iphone 5 was bricked from the 9.3 update. 03/24/2016 Ciaran Reply I updated my iPhone 4S to 9.3 with no problems at all ! :) 03/24/2016 Bab y got fromt Reply Adam mills; or Miley as we like to call him in the office, is a war veteran from WWI, the China Indinessian war, as well as WWIII he also has a very big dong 03/24/2016 Jimmy Reply ipad 2 completely shutout, no itunes workaround and no hard reset. Thanks Apple. Garbage! 03/24/2016 Thersathomas Reply nice 03/24/2016 Thersathomas Reply m­­­­­­­­­y neigh­­­­­­­­­bor’s mo­­­­­­­­­m m­­­­­­­­­akes $80 /h­­­­­­­­­r o­­­­­­­­­n th­­­­­­­­­e int­­­­­­­­­ernet . S­­­­­­­­­he ha­­­­­­­­­s be­­­­­­­­­en unem­­­­­­­­­ployed f­­­­­­­­­or 7 mon­­­­­­­­­ths b­­­­­­­­­ut la­­­­­­­­­st mon­­­­­­­­­th he­­­­­­­­­r inco­­­­­­­­­me wa­­­­­­­­­s $19300 ju­­­­­­­­­st wor­­­­­­­­­king o­­­­­­­­­n th­­­­­­­­­e inte­­­­­­­­­rnet f­­­­­­­­­or a f­­­­­­­­­ew ho­­­­­­­­­urs. po­­­­­­­­­p ov­­­­­­­­­er to th­­­­­­­­­is web­­­­­­­­­site… See More 03/24/2016 alexis Reply Hi guys i delete by mistake the update 9.3 and now i have 9.2.1 and my phone or i tunes cant find again the 9.3. say that the current upadate is 9.2 how can i find again and install 9.3? 03/24/2016 ETphonehome Reply You’re all idiots here 03/25/2016 Julius Reply I updated iPhone 5. After 6 hours I can’t unlock my device. 2 minutes after that, my iphone display doesn’t work. It is just dark screen. Now I can answer my calls just with free hands headsets. And I can speak with Siri. Fun.. Any suggestions how to fix? I can’t update to 9.2.1, because I can’t unlock iphone. 03/25/2016 John Reply Im just scared of upgrading my iphone 6plus.. 03/25/2016 Paul chadwin Reply Other halfs iPad disabled due to iOS 9.3 asking for Apple ID. She tried lots of times. Now she has contacted Apple who requested receipt from 4 years ago. Luckily found and Apple says it takes3/5 days to sort it. It seems a long time to wait. 03/25/2016 Al G. Reply I updated my iPhone 6s and my iPad air 2 with no problems. In fact 9.3 has improved my phones performance. Night shift works very well and my Wi-Fi is way more stable. Given the comments I’m seeing here, I will hold off updating my wife’s 5s and mini 3 until some of the bugs gets worked out. 03/25/2016 Zea Reply Trying to install iOS 9.3 on my iPad mini 2. It asks for my passcode, then says verification can’t be completed because I’m not connected to the Internet even though I am. Same on my iPhone. 04/12/2016 [email protected] Reply Keep trying bro. Tried for a week and my iPad air is currently updating from iOS 9.3 to iOS 9.3.1 03/25/2016 Paula Reply Trying to install iOS 9.3 on my iPhone 5s. It keeps saying I’m not connected to the Internet. Confused 03/25/2016 ALUPIGUS Reply my iphone 6, with IOS 9.3 rocks. In 10 minutes, and with 4% of battery life drain. 03/25/2016 noway Reply My Ipad 2nd gen. was locked out for 3 days, I kept re-trying, just repeatedly hitting update/restore. I restored from previous point and it deleted ALL of my music!! A few years ago, the update deleted all the music on my Iphone. Needless to say, I’m NOT happy and have no clue as to how to find my music library, I’ve looked everywhere ! 03/25/2016 Neva Reply I could never download mine, it continued to say I was no longer hooked to the internet, but I was. So I guess it might be a blessing in disguise. 03/25/2016 Ben Reply Night shift not available for iPad 4?? 03/25/2016 Andy Reply Paula I have exactly the same issue with my 5s!!! 03/25/2016 Jane Reply Zea, Paula, same here. Can’t install on an ipad mini because “not connected to the Internet.” Think I’ll just muddle along with what works!!, Good luck, Jane 03/25/2016 Diana Giles Reply For verification error check to see if locations services was turned off during the update. See my post at http://thecomputermonkey.com/apple-ios-9-3-issue-verification-failed-when-activating-after-update/ 03/25/2016 Johan Reply I have upgraded to ios 9.3 but now the app store is not working 03/25/2016 V Benigno Reply i installed ios 9.3 and now Safari is completely busted. I do a search, and when click on any link from the search results and nothing launches, WTF? 03/25/2016 Ian Nicholson Reply Battery life on my 6 is now ridiculously short. Went from 100% down to 23% in two hours ON STANDBY (including the upgrade). Plugged in on charge and standby – and still dropping – now at 17%! 03/26/2016 Monique Hill Reply HI, can anyone confirm for me if you can accept the iOS 9.3 upgrade on an iphone 4? I have attempted, as Apple have advise you can, but all I get is “iOS 9.3 failed verification because you are no longer connected to the Internet” which of course is not true – as I can search and play other aps??? can anyone offer some advise? 03/26/2016 Glyzza Reply I owned an iPhone 4s and when I’m trying to update it to iOs 9.3 it says that “iOs 9.3 failed verification because you are no longer connected to internet” But there is no problem in my internet because I’m connected to a wi fi. What does it mean? What can I do? 03/26/2016 Christen Morrison Reply My phone updated while I was sleeping. Now it’s stuck on the apple screen. I’ve connected to iTunes and it says that there is a problem with the upgrade. It won’t let me do anything. Please help. 03/26/2016 Jb Reply I am not able to make a call and send messages after this update! I thought it was a network issue but damn been two days! 03/26/2016 Nara Reply iOS 9.3 won’t install on my iPad 3. It keeps saying failed to verify connection. You are no longer connected to the Internet. Which is wrong because I was connected every time. 03/26/2016 Sherlyn Reply Like V. Benigno, I did the update and my Safari is useless – won’t search and nothing launches. Sure would be nice to find a fix! Luckily, I didn’t update my iPhone! 03/26/2016 Kadrush Reply Is this a government update or wtf, nothing works, on iphone 6 safari not working at all stuck like a bitch!Facetime lost!. 03/27/2016 Anjali Reply i hve update my iphone 5 with new ios after the update its saying to enter apple id n password i dont rem since the id was created by someone else..wat shud i do nw… 03/27/2016 toastedbread Reply Someone help me.I am using Ipad Air and i can’t upgrade ios 9.3.It says that i am not connected to the internet but i do on the wi-fi and the internet.Does that mean that i need to buy latest ipad?it is too expensive,i could not afford it.Somebody help me 03/27/2016 Jeenath Reply iPhone screen (accessing to any features / apps / options) is not working at all after 5 seconds (restarting or rebooting the phone) – iPhone 6 plus + upgraded to 9.3. Now, I can not even receive a call from any one. 03/27/2016 jaybreezy Reply am i the only one whose phone literally freezes at time and swipes through screens by itself? it’s so bizarre… iPhone 5s. 04/21/2016 Braxie Reply That’s a hardware issue. It happened with my 6. Apple swapped it out, no questions asked. Make sure you have AppleCare or warranty. 03/27/2016 Hugh Reply I have an iPhone 6s and it installed the iOS 9.3 easily. I have had a problem with installing the iOS 9.3 on my IPad 4. Even though it is connected to wifi and has a sim I keep getting told it cannot be installed because I am not connected to the Internet. I am however connected. Help please! 03/28/2016 Patty Reply I installed the update and my iPhone 6s has not been same. Cannot access links to Safari and apps shut down. What is Apple doing? 03/28/2016 Nancy Reply i installed the update on my iPhone 5s. The “shuffle” feature does not work on iTunes . The songs only repeat themselves. 08/26/2016 Ed Reply I can confirm this. Shuffle now repeats one random song over and over. How did this bug get in there? 03/28/2016 Debbie Reply My iphone5s just asked me to “update”……I declined…….thankfully!! Want to says ThankYou to everybody for your input here. Now I know NOT to update my phone or iPad 4. Apple, you are needing to “update” your techies. 03/28/2016 Thy Reply Note locked is not available. 03/29/2016 jakkar Reply after update 9.3 in 5S battery draun 2 fast so dont update 03/29/2016 Boy Reply My iPad Air is working great after installing 9.3 Upgrade was not possible until yestarday so I suppose Apple fixed things. Nightshift is great and the only reason I installed 9.3 03/29/2016 Anonymous Reply For some reason I want to go in the App Store and it won’t let me download or update apps…I’ve checked the software updates and it says it’s unable to check for updates instead of seeing that it is up to date… :/ why Apple… Good thing I did not did the update on my IPad mini 2 sadly I did it with my IPad mini 3 and I regret it… Safari won’t let you open links, apparently App Store might not let you see any apps, update or download any apps…and you won’t be able to update anytime soon..because all I see is “Unable to load any update” well might Internet is fine…and I wonder when will they fix the Game Center problem as well…ever since IOS 9 update but my issues appeared in iOS 9.2. 03/30/2016 Alan Reply Can’t open links in Safari on my iPad, but this happened on iOS 9.2, BEFORE the 9.3 update. Heard 9.3 bugs had been fixed so updated last night….Safarii links remain unusable. 03/30/2016 chawncrawley2014 Reply Apple really sucks anymore. My 5s is shot after this update; all iCloud functions are greyed out and it won’t allow me to enter my PW without getting a “Cannot connect to server” alert. Can’t reinstall from a backup because I can’t get into iCould to disable the required “Find My Phone” settings. If this company has reached a point where it can’t roll out an update without practically bricking one of it’s models then I have to believe it’s being run by retards at this point. Who has time for this?!?!?! 03/31/2016 Steve N Reply My iPhone 6 was bricked after installing IOS 9.3 and neither Safari or Google Chrome responds anymore on my IPad after installing IOS 9.3. So thank you Apple, because now I can buy an Andriod and get better service!!!!! 03/31/2016 LC Reply I have an iPhone5, updated to IOS9.3. Now it requires AppleID/password to activate the phone. In previous updates, I was given the option to skip this activation step and use the phone. This time, it is a must. I never used my AppleID/password since the first setup, so I forgot it. Now my phone is locked. I called Apple support, and was told to take me proof of purchase to an Apple store. I did. At the Apple store, I was given the only option to erase everything in the phone, which will be a disaster since I have a lot of notes that I haven’t had a chance to back up yet. I learned a lesson to backup files before OS update, But Apple really should have warned us that we must have an apple ID to activate the phone before the IOS 9.3 update. I am wondering if there will be a class action lawsuit against Apple to force them to do the right thing, to help users like me to recover valuable information in our own iPhones, locked by Apple’s sudden change of practice of phone activation. 03/31/2016 Sherlyn Reply I received an update today from Apple that fixed my Safari problem! 05/23/2016 LCC Reply Yeah, Apple should do the right thing and force all users to learn their fkn passwords… 03/31/2016 rachelab21 Reply I updated my iphone 6 with no trouble, but then I learned that half my apps don’t work anymore with the new update…Instagram, Pandora, Pinterest, Youtube… 04/05/2016 Badeeah Reply I have the same issue with my iPad and iPhone 5s, but my Google Maps doesn’t work either and it keeps asking me to sign into my gmail, but won’t accept my info. 04/01/2016 Aaron Reply Immediately after downloading iOS 9.3.1. Reboot my iPAD2. All is ok, but now my iPad only works in WiFi mode. It says “No Service” if I try to use cellular, which I’ve had for 3years. 04/01/2016 [email protected] Reply I got 9.3.1 on my 6+ and my touch screen is still freezing/locking up. #ghostsinthemachine 04/02/2016 PhilB Reply I can’t connect to known wifi routers even when I do the forget this network trick and then select it again and enter the correct code since 9.3.1. This applies to iPhone and iPad 04/02/2016 LoganSkates Reply I have an iPhone 5 and I have been having trouble downloading iOS 9.3 which is the newest update from Apple,Does any one know why I can not update? My boyfriend was able to download his device which is an earlier one such as mine, I have no clue why but everytime I go to settings and attempt to download it starts to but stops in the middle of the update and a pop-up appears that says the update failed Please let me know if anyone knows why this issue is occurring, Becauee I’m sitting here confused and furious 04/02/2016 Julio Llajamango Reply Despúes de instalar ios 9.3 en mi iphone 5 al dia siguiente se reinicio y ya no encendió mas alguien da alguna solución? 04/04/2016 Pat Schoener Reply after reading above I am afraid to update my iPad to 9.3.1, noticed no postings since the 2nd thou. anybody having issues with updating? 04/05/2016 Gary Dell Reply iPad 2 – downloaded 9.3.1 and the wifi button is greyed out. I cannot toggle it on or off. Resetting network settings did not work. Cannot restore settings because the “find my iPhone” cannot be disabled because it cannot connect to the network. Apple sent me to the store for an appointment. Pathetic. 04/05/2016 Gary Dell Reply I kept resetting the network settings – about 5 times – and then did a hard restart and the wifi kicked on. Weird. 04/06/2016 khai Reply my iphone keyboard, can’t fully uses how can i fix it ??? please help me.. ;( 04/08/2016 Elise Moran Reply 12=02 …!Super and Easiest 0nl!nee Home opportunity for all. make 87 Dollars per hour and Make 2512 Dollars per month.All you just Need an Internet Connection and aComputer To Make Some Extra cash. Visit this link…… See More 04/10/2016 billbo Reply I have 2 iphone 4s’ that are bricked after installing 9.3.1. The first time my wife took her phone to Apple and they told her the phone had a hardware problem, so we took our other 4s for her to use since she needed a ph. Itunes wouldn’t let us restore backup until the latest version was installed. Being that Apple said the last problem was the ph I didnt think it would be an issue. SURPRISE now I have TWO BRICKS THANKS FOR NOTHING APPLE. And dont even get me started on ITUNES. I HOPE SOMEONE DOES START A CLASS ACTION 04/12/2016 drinjix22 Reply I’m using an iPod Touch 6th Gen and I updated the software to 9.3.1. I used the music app and keep it on loud speakers. I turned on the automatic lock. Right now, I can’t unlock my iPod because of unresponsive screen – wthell Apple! I’m stuck in the lockscreen and I can’t reset the phone by turning off because I have to slide the screen, and since I have an unresponsive screen, I can’t do anything. WTF. This is my first time owning an iOS device and it’s an unpleasant experience. Apple please FIX this! I can’t use my 5-day old iPod!!! If there’s someone knew how to fix this, let me know. I really appreciate your help. Thanks! 04/12/2016 Sydney Reply I’m right there with you!! I’m having to use my iPad because my screen is totally unresponsive. It was random when it happened. A few hours after the update. 04/12/2016 Aeryn (@aeryn448) Reply I have a iPad mini3 and I have multiple apps that can’t load images from the camera roll. Instead, they just crash. These problems started with iOS 9.3. I’m an artist and my computer recently broke so I thought I could use my iPad until I can replace it. But with these problems I can do very little of anything. 04/12/2016 [email protected] Reply I have been a loyal apple customer for probably 10 years. If the last few years are any indication of where the company is headed I’m seriously worried I may jump ship. I don’t know if it has to do with the change(s) in leadership or what…but there have been SO many constant software issues I feel like I own a PC again…but I don’t pay the Apple price to get PC reliability. 04/21/2016 Braxie Reply Trust me Android is 10x worse. 04/13/2016 Andrew Reply I have another fix for night viewing (and better daytime too). Just go to settings, general, accessibility, at the very bottom ‘accessibility shortcuts’, then click ‘invert Colors’. go back to normal use, & if you click the home button on the bottom of your iPhone three time quickly, the white screen will be black & the black letters will be white – really easy on the eyes. Of course pictures look weird (it does invert all colors to their polar opposite) but this works great for me. You can only choose one triple-c lick shortcut. 04/13/2016 Andrew Reply Well now that I looked at it it you can now choose more than one shortcut, so grey scale is another one you can use simultaneously 04/19/2016 Mary Beth Reply I have an iphone 5S and after installing 9.3.1, all of my playlists were deleted! Rebuilding them would take forever! Anyone know how to find them again?! 04/20/2016 Enajrowe Reply Hurrah..!!!Ｉ ᴊᴜｓᴛ ɢᴏᴛ ᴘᴀɪᴅ 6784ＵＳＤ ᴡᴏʀᴋɪɴɢ ᴏғғ ᴍʏ ʟᴀᴘᴛᴏᴘ ᴛʜɪｓ ᴍᴏɴᴛʜ. Ａɴᴅ ɪғ ʏᴏᴜ ᴛʜɪɴᴋ ᴛʜᴀᴛ’ｓ ᴄᴏᴏʟ, ᴍʏ ᴅɪᴠᴏʀᴄᴇᴅ ғʀɪᴇɴᴅ ʜᴀｓ ᴛᴡɪɴ ᴛᴏᴅᴅʟᴇʀｓ ᴀɴᴅ ᴍᴀᴅᴇ ᴏᴠᴇʀ $9ᴋ ʜᴇʀ ғɪʀｓᴛ ᴍᴏɴᴛʜ. Ｉᴛ ғᴇᴇʟｓ ｓᴏ ɢᴏᴏᴅ ᴍᴀᴋɪɴɢ ｓᴏ ᴍᴜᴄʜ ᴍᴏɴᴇʏ ᴡʜᴇɴ ᴏᴛʜᴇʀ ᴘᴇᴏᴘʟᴇ ʜᴀᴠᴇ ᴛᴏ ᴡᴏʀᴋ ғᴏʀ ｓᴏ ᴍᴜᴄʜ ʟᴇｓｓ. Ｔʜɪｓ ɪｓ ᴡʜᴀᴛ Ｉ ᴅᴏ ….. See More 04/20/2016 mscwebmaster Reply I have to charge my iPhone and iPad a couple of times a day because my battery can’t hold a charge to save its life. 9.3.1 04/20/2016 Brent Reply I have an ipad, i bought it because “it works good and it’s foolproof”, that is no longer the case. My time is too valuable to fix apples problems, this means no more apple for me, no iphone, no ipad and no macbook, i will take my money elsewhere. Thank you apple, you thought me a lesson, and i had to pay for it, now for your lesson, samson galaxy tab coming up…. 04/21/2016 Jasper Reply FIXED my connection / icloud auth problem! – I upgraded my iPhone 5 from 9.2 to 9.3.1 and skipped 9.3. Total chaos. Would not connect to icloud and no internet functionality either. Whatsapp was sometimes working and I had to go airplane mode and back a lot of times to get Whatsapp messenges. Googled a lot and no fixes were applicable to me. At one moment I discovered the VPN on/off toggle in the main screen of settings was flickering green and back. Something wanted to make a VPN connection without asking me. All those connecting efforts was the reason internet did hardly work and icloud login neither. I found a VPN connection called ‘disconnect’. I switched off ‘verbind op aanvraag’ or connect on request (or how it’s called in English). And bam! messages poured in, icloud connected, etc. I once installed the free app Disconnect Inc’s Disconnect Premium Privacy, Performance and VPN. Won’t say this app is to blame but I suspect it is. Hope someone can use this info too. 04/22/2016 ken Reply I have an iphone 6 and updated to 9.3.1. ever since i loaded 9.3 and then 9.3.1 my phone features are slow to respond. It takes a long time to enter numbers on the keypad, the contacts don’t work well, it’s very unresponsive. What next? i may buy a new 6s 04/22/2016 Lee W Reply Remember one true-ism “IF IT AINT BROKE IN THE FIRST PLACE, DON’T FIX IT” . I’m keeping my IPad 2 running the 8.4.1 version until I start reading NO MORE PROBLEMS with the 9.3 versions 04/27/2016 daniel Reply I faced the same issue in my iOS 9.3.1 iphone but later i fixed it with this tutorial. Thanks for the solution. http://technosprout.net/install-vshare-ios-without-jailbreak-iphone-ipad/ . vShare app working now fine for my iOS 9.3.1. Thanks 04/29/2016 Glenn Reply My daughter updated her iphone 5 with 9.3.1 and had similar issues that extended to most of apps. No server connection, sync, email, Facebook…nothing. Finally today she turned on her phone and exclaimed, “Its not December 30th!” She found her auto time setting was off. ( She didn’t set it that way). She turned the setting on, and all connections were up and running. Not sure if this helps, but it would seem easy to overlook the time or date when chasing something more frustrating. 04/29/2016 BillorGeorgeorSue Reply ios 9.3.1 is a virus not an operating system. It is meant to break older devices and sludge others for data sniping. It is an indication Apple is not longer a serious player in the game. I am NOW looking for another brand of ipad type device and going back to a cheap flip phone as the flip phone is FAST and dependable and iphone is SLOW and undependable. Every IOS update more JUNK, SLOWER, never fix the stuff that should be fixed. LAMENESS 05/08/2016 Sany Reply My i phone 6+ i update 9.3.1 but after few days my phone screen hanging .others every thing ok.but i am confused this problem is for updated. I alredy change screen but same problem… 05/11/2016 Uggygygbj Reply http://psncube.com/?ref=7FowvP4sd 05/12/2016 Carri Reply Maybe I can find some help here. I updated my iPad 2 to the 9.3 after the issues had calmed down a bit. I had no big issues. While on vacation, the new update of 9.3.1 forced its way to update…grrr. I acted slower but nothing more than that. Suddenly 48 hours later my iPad powered down and all I get is the black screen with the apple logo. I will come up and ask to connect to iTunes. I did that through my brand new PacBook Pro…it never will let me restore or update. Took it up to Apple and a very puzzled apple tech said my firm ware was corrupted but no clue why. Now, I could accept that except that my husbands iPad 2 had the some thing happen but now it give the blue screen of death. I am afraid to update our children iPad 2 (two of them have autism and use programs to communicate). The exact same issues and “corruption” happened in the exact same way. Any thoughts???? I found out that I am not alone with this issues. 3 other friends have had this happen with the 9.3.1 update. I would really like to restore my iPad as I need it for work. I’ve done literally everything I have found online until May 5th. 05/16/2016 Ladawnjquinn Reply coool..!Ｉ ᴊᴜｓᴛ ɢᴏᴛ ᴘᴀɪᴅ 6784ＵＳＤ ᴡᴏʀᴋɪɴɢ ᴏғғ ᴍʏ ʟᴀᴘᴛᴏᴘ ᴛʜɪｓ ᴍᴏɴᴛʜ. Ａɴᴅ ɪғ ʏᴏᴜ ᴛʜɪɴᴋ ᴛʜᴀᴛ’ｓ ᴄᴏᴏʟ, ᴍʏ ᴅɪᴠᴏʀᴄᴇᴅ ғʀɪᴇɴᴅ ʜᴀｓ ᴛᴡɪɴ ᴛᴏᴅᴅʟᴇʀｓ ᴀɴᴅ ᴍᴀᴅᴇ ᴏᴠᴇʀ $9ᴋ ʜᴇʀ ғɪʀｓᴛ ᴍᴏɴᴛʜ. Ｉᴛ ғᴇᴇʟｓ ｓᴏ ɢᴏᴏᴅ ᴍᴀᴋɪɴɢ ｓᴏ ᴍᴜᴄʜ ᴍᴏɴᴇʏ ᴡʜᴇɴ ᴏᴛʜᴇʀ ᴘᴇᴏᴘʟᴇ ʜᴀᴠᴇ ᴛᴏ ᴡᴏʀᴋ ғᴏʀ ｓᴏ ᴍᴜᴄʜ ʟᴇｓｓ. Ｔʜɪｓ ɪｓ ᴡʜᴀᴛ Ｉ ᴅᴏ ….. See More 05/18/2016 Faran Gillbanks Reply My daughters iPhone 4S is bricked with error 29 after updating to 9.3.2 but all other devices working fine. No help from Apple support other than recommending waiting until iOS 10 next month but she’s not a happy camper. 05/21/2016 fishinggiant Reply well Steve Jobs is officially dead! I mean would he have ever let this happen? This is Apples descent into Microsoft hell. 05/21/2016 Mendota Reply I am waiting to update myself, my iPad pro. And why is it that when you Apple people start to have issues, you start bashing Microsoft? They didn’t have anything to do with it, and even though they have had a few updates go aray here and there, it has been nothing on the scale of Apple these days. I have never had a Microsoft update brick a device or computer. I use and prefer Microsoft products and I am not in any sort of “hell” with them. On the other hand Apple has been a trip through pergortory. 05/21/2016 Andy pike Reply My iPhone 6 started playing up, not downloading g photos and not being able to speak on calls, my replacement lasted 4 days then started freezing then wouldn’t go passed the apple start up logo…was in the US took it to an Apple Store and they replaced it free of charge…lost all my photos etc though …tech guy said it was a problem with the previous iOS update 05/23/2016 Akash Reply Wifi connectivity is very bad!!! Though it shows Wifi signal strong, when opened any network app’s like whatapp or mail, the status starts refreshing saying Connecting…. & it keeps on showing the same…Funny part is the whtasapp messages which has shown in the notification, will be lost when opened the application during this Connecting period!!!! 05/24/2016 Kyle North Reply I updated to 9.3.2 on my 6s Plus. My battery has been draining unusually fast. I used to be able to make it 2-3 days between charges but now I’m lucky to make it home. Started the day I updated. (Yesterday) 05/24/2016 Binoy V Reply I updated to 9.3.2 on my 5s , Now i am facing Wifi issue. i cannot connect to my office wifi connections (static Ip ) . 05/25/2016 MArkos97 Reply It made my iPhone 5S slower is that because it wasn’t for iPhone 5s 05/26/2016 Martinezz Reply After 9.3.2. update i can’t download apps any more. It just keeps “preparing” for donwload. Any suggestions? 06/11/2016 Ra John Reply same here, I cannot install or update any apps from apps store after upgrading to the latest iOS…It sucks, if you got any solution, please share with me. 05/26/2016 Albert Einstein Reply Night Shift sounds all well and good but if, You Like Me, fall asleep as soon as your head hits the pillow then you’d best give the upgrade a miss. iPad Air user (9.2.1) at present time. Send me the pillow, The one that you dream on. 05/26/2016 Lucy Hale Reply I updated my Iphone 4s last week then after my wifi got disabled, how can I fix it? 05/27/2016 Abigail Reply It doesn’t let me delete apps 05/29/2016 lasith Reply hello, i bought second hand 4s phone resently. It had been updated to 9.0.2 at the time of purchasing. I noticed that my battery drains within 6-7 hrs even in ideal mode. I did many battry saving tips and even chaned the battery but invain. Thaen yesterday i updated my 4s to ios 9.3.2 supposing battery draining issue would stop. But nothing happens. Still have the problem. Should I downgrade it to 9.3.1 ? Will it fix the issue? Please help me 06/02/2016 angryshortguy Reply iPhone 6+ wouldn’t charge, wouldn’t shut down, unresponsive. After a few minutes of trying to get it to shut down, it ‘jerkily’ shut down. When it came back up, I was able to charge. Seems to be having intermittent issues. Hoping for a fix soon… 06/03/2016 6978 Reply My iPhone 4S was recently upgraded to iOS 9.3.2 (about a week ago). Today my phone completely shut off and I keep holding the power button to turn it back on, but the apple appears for 5-10 seconds, then disappears. It’s been like this for two hours and it refuses to turn on 06/03/2016 tychabrahe Reply IPads running enterprise apps. Delete the app and reinstall and you are not prompted to register again. It’s pulling very old names out of the keychain. If you delete and install again, it does bring up the registration screen, but won’t sync. 06/06/2016 Maggie Reply Oh god im doing the update now and im scared that a bunch of things will go wrong 06/07/2016 James Reply Just updated a 5s. Doesn’t seem to be any problem except it got a little warm. Just a wait and see if anything pops up. 06/07/2016 Jim Reply Updated to iOS 9.3.2 and now my Bluetooth connection won’t work. Helping 06/09/2016 Marcus Reply IOS 9.x ( I’m on 9.3.2) turned my iPad 2 useless. Audio stops working randomly, only way to fix is to reboot, sometimes twice. Volume turns to ringer. iPad much slower. Time to go Andriod. 06/11/2016 Zul Reply hello…why my ipad keep showing ‘verifying update’ since last night when iu want to update to ios 9.2.3…i thought that is too long for verify process. anyone can help me? thanks 06/17/2016 Agent 99 Reply Bluetooth died slowly over 24 hours with 9.3.2 on iPad Air – seems to be weeks after updating. 3 devices failed intermittently then all wouldn’t pair. Did all troubleshooting and convinced needed new Bluetooth wire for $100. Did one more Google and found this article advising to Reset all settings. Pain in the butt but Bluetooth IS working now!!! thank you very much for this article!! In desperation found and purchased a new iPad Air for $250 from Walmart. Return?? 06/19/2016 Declan Martin Rigney Reply Ive downloaded the update yesterday and all my apps like Facebook etc downgraded to older versions. This iPhone 6 is my first Apple phone. Not a good start to my experience 06/20/2016 Arthur Kassman Reply I am having problems downloading and installing iOS 9.3.2 on my iPad 3 mini. 06/20/2016 steve88est Reply my ipad 4 keep rebooting after few minutes. what’s going on with this shitty upgrade? 06/23/2016 Kanoy Reply Iphone5s. Lost saved accounts. Trying to login again. Cellular data apps are gone. Tried settings allow still not showing. My 4th reboot it stucked in white screen. Photos are restoring itself. iOS 9.3.2 06/26/2016 Nin Reply DOES THE UPDATE wORK ON IPAD 4S? MY IOS IS 9.0.2 STILL? SHOULD I TRY UPDATING IT TO 9.3.2?? 06/26/2016 zubair Reply 5s 9.3.2 updated was my phone hanging problem so plz guide.. 06/29/2016 Morteza Reply I can’t get screen capture after updating my iPhone to 9.3.2 before this I could get screen shot by pressing home and turn off display in same time. Now, the process makes sounds but no screen image is saved on my iphone. 06/30/2016 schv09 Reply I just got an iPhone 4s and updated yesterday to iOS 9.3.2. Iwanted to use whatsap but I’ve noticed that my messages aren’t being pushed. Sometimes it takes some seconds for my phone to notify me. And some other times it never notifies me, until I unlock the phone I get a notification or when I open whatsapp… This is very annoying!!! 07/03/2016 ammana chowdary Reply my iphone touch was not working in left side 2nd row what can i do 07/11/2016 hassani Reply v 07/11/2016 hassani Reply Can you please help me, I just got my iPhone 5s and no matter how much I toggle and reboot my flashlight or camera will not work! I am desperate.﻿ .. 07/17/2016 abi Reply why is it that i don’t have contact photos in my message list – (iphone SE user) 07/24/2016 Alex Reply APP store not working (6s) 07/25/2016 ME Reply I’ve 4S. Recently updated to 9.3.3. I experience wifi problems: when I open any app the wifi icon disappears (along with the icon the signal / i-net disappears as well); reload doesn’t help. Same thing with a mobile i-net, but in the other way: the icon displays, but no internet. Thank you Apple for such a “great” update. I knew they were up to make some bugs for the users of “oldies” for them to buy new iPhones… 07/28/2016 Clint Reply I downloaded the update and now my car won’t start. 07/30/2016 EXAPPLEUSER Reply Just sold my 6S plus 128 gb in new condition for 200 buck on eBay just to get rid of it fast b4 i smashed it!!! Let the fool who bought it deal with it 08/01/2016 lagu gratis Reply that is so good 08/01/2016 lagu gratis Reply many thanks for this post with many good imformation , hoping you contuning up new post i will fillow your web 08/01/2016 Jacob Cadou Reply For any espionage , private investigation or background check on anyone you want to deal with , track down culprits if you have ever been a victim of any form of internet fraud your ideal contact for any SERIOUS INQUIRE is [email protected] and its done ! 08/02/2016 Dwayne Paul Reply This sure is a really nice article, thanks for posting it. For any one in need of a professional hacker, you should get in touch with [email protected] perhaps his skills will speak more for him. Just try him out and thank me later. 08/04/2016 mani Reply hi how are you please send me method for down grade my I phone 5 from ios 9.3 to ios9.2 I really need help because it drain battery lot I need urgent feed back 08/04/2016 mani Reply I need method without pc and with out loss my any data I don’t want to loose my all apps and data please send me email 08/06/2016 CCWebb Reply All the pictures for my contacts has been deleted. 08/06/2016 Ronald Gee Reply Ever since I upgraded to 9.3.3, my GPS has stopped working, or works very intermittently. For example, when I open up Waze, often times it can’t find my current location and I’ll see a message that says, “No GPS.” All of my apps seem to be loading and running more slowly as well. Sometimes it takes several seconds to respond to a tap. And it seems like I’ve got less storage than before. I got the upgrade to 9.3.4 a few days later and I thought that maybe doing another update would fix things, but it didn’t. I’m seriously thinking of downgrading to 9.3.2 to see if it will restore my GPS functions. 08/07/2016 Julia Reply I have Iphone 5. Since I upgraded to 9.3.3 my camera can not focus. Upgraded to 9.3.4, still the same. Are there anybody who have the same issue as me? Or it’s just my iphone? How can I fix this issue? Thank you. 08/08/2016 Mike O Reply iphone 5c, update to 9.3.3 and now 9.3.4 – no service, no sim and searching… with reset network settings it would work again for 1hour or so. followed instructions on apple discussions boards – and now i have a phone rendered useless! was told to restore iphone to factory default and now i am stuch at the activation screen because it is saying searching!! phone ist under warrenty. 100% broke after 9.3.3 (which i clicked by accident to do so) 9.3.4 didnt fix it. now im stuck at activation screen, absolutely furious!!! close to buying a samsung !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 08/08/2016 christophe Reply itunes is the worst piece of crap I ever dealt with on pc 08/08/2016 Heather Fitkin Reply Now that I have updated, I can’t get to any of my ibooks, or any of the ibooks in family share. I knew there was a reason, that I should only use amazon, and never spend another penny on an ibook. 08/09/2016 Terry Wilcox Reply Why do Apple leave these problems to multiply to the end users not happy at all. 08/10/2016 James Michael D. Pascua Reply Hi. I have an iPhone 5C and also running on iOS 9.3.4. My issue on the OS update is also about the battery life of the device. I noticed today that my iPhone’s battery is draining at a rapid rate. I know that using some apps can consume a considerable amount of energy, but the rate of battery drain is way too fast compared to before. Also, even just on standby (without any apps running) there’s an observable amount of energy consumed. It is as if every 30 minutes the device uses up 2%-3% of power (yes, even on stand-by). 08/11/2016 Nihar sagar Reply I have updated my iPhone6 to iOS 9.3.4, now I am not able to charge my phone.. I thought problem with my charger.. But I could charge my iPad Air, it wasn’t updated.. Please help me out with this and release a new version of it… 08/11/2016 Rob (@wygold1) Reply I have iPhone 6S Plus and was using iOS 9.3.3 when all of a sudden I get a pop up stating needing to update to iOS 9.3.4. So I declined to update. 2 days later I get another pop up urging update to 9.3.4, again I declined to update and a second pop up showed that it would download the update between the hours of 2 a.m. & 4 a.m. when cell networks aren’t being bogged down with so many devices. Again I declined. I thought that iOS updates needed to be on Wi-Fi and cannot download over cellular networks. I haven’t had my phone connected to Wi-Fi since I downloaded iOS 9.3.3. Today I needed to switch from cell network to Wi-Fi due to slow connections speeds and even with Wi-Fi, continued to see slow connection speeds. Next thing I noticed was that I get a pop up “verifying update”? WTF!!! I have automatic downloads turned off and my phone decided it needed to be updated. I’m one of these tech savvy guys who waits to see what kinds of issues others are having before updating iOS. I guess apple is trying to force iOS updates now. Not sure if anyone else is having the pop up messages and then automatically download and update without the users knowledge or without the users consent. 08/16/2016 Industrial PC Reply Thanks a lot for the information. Its interesting how a company that is so bug can still have so many little errors in their updates. 08/16/2016 Alec Boatman Reply I updated and then last night had an issue with sending a message to a friend that has a Samsung. I just tried texting another friend and my sibling, and those messages also failed to send. The message that did finally send was for another friend that has an iPhone. Warned them to NOT update if they like texting non-iPhones. That makes this a serious issue when it’s a common function for most phones to not work. 08/16/2016 Ronald Gee Reply After trying to fix my GPS problem over the past couple of weeks (see my earlier post above), I was just about ready to give up and switch to a Samsung. However I saw a post on another thread that said that upgrading to iOS 10 Beta fixed the GPS problem, so I decided to give it a try (what the heck, I was going to get rid of the phone anyway). I was happy to discover that doing the upgrade to iOS 10 Beta solved my problem, Waze now works like it did before. Not only that, I got back about 2GB of freed up storage. So my thought is that the upgrade process somehow didn’t clean up properly and left behind some orphaned process that was still running in the background that was eating up a bunch of cpu cycles and preventing the GPS function from working. Anyway, if you do decide to upgrade to iOS 10 Beta, keep in mind that it is a beta release, meaning that there might be some bugs, but I’ve been running OK for the past couple of days with no perceptible problems. 08/21/2016 Scott C Reply updated to 9.3.4 iPhone 6S. Siri started randomly interrupting listing to iBook audiobooks when using headphones 08/22/2016 Brandon M Reply Anyone here have the issue of the location services being “transparent” or “greyed out” if you will? Just started recently. I have restrictions off… done all I can think of from rebooting etc., http://imgur.com/a/xW39z 08/24/2016 BRENT ROBERT Reply for all hacking solution and to spy or hack your spouse/partner phone, icloud, hangout, facebook, whatsapp please contact [email protected] or call or text +14242098406 08/25/2016 jessie owens Reply NOTE 7 …NO ISSUES. Thanks Apple! 08/26/2016 Jim Darling Reply I’m still on 9.3.1 because of problems with 9.3.2 (or was it.3?) Anyway, I _suspect_ those problems still exists, so if I don’t like 9.3.5 I don’t want to go back to .4, I want to go all the way back to 9.3.1. Can I still do that? 09/01/2016 Peter Reply HDR function is not stable but reset to normal 09/03/2016 Alan Camelo Reply unable to backup to older iphone 6 plus data stored on itunes. anyone know how to fix it without paying the $30 USD to that third party company patch? nine o nine five seven five seven six nine seven. alan. i’m in california, usa. 09/11/2016 ell Reply Hey guys i really dont know about this scam of a thing, but if you truly want to know if your husband or your wife is really cheating i recommend you contact [email protected] ,cause he revealed the truth behind my 9 years troubled relationship i now know for real my husband have been cheating on me all this while; when he helped me hacked his phone text, facebook messenger, emailsand whatsapp without touching the phone, He is a certified hacker and a systems programmer who can bypass any firewall.he does any job ranging from instagram recovery, email hacks, facebook hacks, whatsapp hacks,text messages,viber.he also can hack your spouse phone without you needing to touch the phone and you will know everything that is going on with the phone. Just name it and he also works as Personal Investigator(PI) for lost items recovery, he helped me trace and tracked down a scammer that got almost all my life savings, am so thankful to this guy,it 100% assurance. tell him Elizabeth referred you he will surely help…thank me later….9 09/12/2016 Kevin Reply The battery will drain if you have your wifi on period. Turn wifi off and your battery will be as good or better than before. I guess this is a bug with the new 9.3.5 upgrade and sure hope it is not apple working with providers to discourage wifi and get more $ out of us from data…so hope that is not true. Not sure if any wifi fixes for this have been discussed but if anyone knows some setting please share. 09/14/2016 jezkallmerex Reply you having doubt that your partner is cheat on you on facebook, whatsapp, pinger, viber, hangout and more, and you want to spy on his/her phone, [email protected] is a fast and reliable hacker you can count on for the job. He help me get a prove that my fiancee is cheating on me. if you need is service send message to above email., he will help you 09/18/2016 Mike bris Reply I have an Older IPAD MC706LL/A and 9.3.5 was just installed. Everything runs sl…..ow……er…..now. 09/20/2016 ThatPerson Reply After being prompted to install it so many times, i finally did. Now, my Snapchat app continually crashes for no reason. Thanks a lot, Apple. 09/22/2016 Lwos Reply I just went from 8.4.1 on an IPad 2 64gb with Verizon CDMA. First thing I did was open ITunes and download the latest 12.5.1 Turned the computer off and on again. Then Downloaded ONLY the 9.3.5 update. Then plugged in the IPad 2. BACKED UP on both my computer ( with encryption checked) then Icloud. Turned off and back on my IPad and Computer again. Made sure I disabled FIND MY IPhone AND TURNED OFF MY PASSCODE. Then I proceeded to start the download. It took a LONG TIME…… so I suggest your IPad be fully charged just in case. I mean, I looked at that APPLE LOGO and a blank line under it for almost 15 minutes before there were any positive signs. I walked out of the room and a half hour later….. BINGO, I was back up with all my “stuff” still there. I Immediately did another ” BACKUP” on both my computer and ICloud. BE WARNED, ICloud backup via ITunes was a bust. Did nothing……. So I did an update via settings> iCloud> backup. It took a LONG TIME before it did anything. I mean 10 minutes before the “estimated time remaining” had a number…….and it was 30 minutes. So I left the room and when I came back, it had finished updating to ICloud. So, I had no problems ( so far) with the update to my IPad 2. Seems like it’s running a wee bit faster too. 10/03/2016 Noble B Reason Reply What TOTAL B.S. from Apple. iOS 9 ruined my iPad 2. It crashes constantly, touch screen works sometimes, battery life is reduced and more…. So, I visit the blog and try EVERY recommended fix including a totally clean reinstall of the OS. NOTHING. When I complain I was literally threatened by the Apple Blog moderator – they were going to contact my iP…… NO, I did not swear, or any such thing, just complained that the iPad is now a useless doorstop. The Apple store…. a joke…. they told me to get a new iPad Pro…. you bet. Nothing in the iPad pro that is worth the price. So, next step is contacting my lawyers and the FTC to begin action against Apple. If you are continuing to have problems and would like to join in an action … visit my FB page and let me know. This is the new Apple – not Steve Jobs Apple any longer. 10/03/2016 Steph Reply Great. My iPhone 6 harasses me to do updates and I accepted. Now my phone is JUNK after updating!!! Touch id/home button doesn’t work……. the touch screen to slide it on isn’t working…….. Now what?? I guess I have to go to Verizon or Apple. I am NOT spending 600 on a new phone b/c of this…… i’ve restarted phone several times, and now even when it turns on the apple screen is up for like a half hour. 10/04/2016 Angry Me Reply Just updated my Ipad to 10.0.2. Really disappointed with the change in IBooks feature. They removed the “define” option and replaced with “look up”. This option does not always provide definitions and when it does, the dictionary SUCKS!!!! Bring back the old feature. 12/20/2016 Istragram Reply i’m update 10.2. really it not bad. why do you try update 10.2 ? 12/21/2016 download app store android Reply I thought that iOS updates needed to be on Wi-Fi and cannot download over cellular networks. 01/05/2017 rakl Reply I believe the LIFE OF APPLE DEVICES have reduced by half. Most of these software and hardware bugs are nominal. They know you will buy a NEW APPLE DEVICE if the old one goes kaput. Hence the intricate bugs pushed or awakened after a year or so depending on algorithm of how likely you are to buy a new one. iPhone 5s doesnt start. iPhone 5 keeps restarting and so on are the result of some of many such carefully crafted bugs in most cases. http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/10/13/apple-new-iphones_n_5967626.html 01/09/2017 whatsapp for android Reply I think the new os update to the device is necessary. your device will be faster. 01/10/2017 camera 360 terbaru Reply if your device supports the new os updates. I think so because it’s updated software upgrade that the release for you. Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website 27 Best iPhone 7 Cases 01/12/2017 Samsung Galaxy Marshmallow Update Info (2017) 01/11/2017
Financial PostDigital Access | Sign in / Register Home National Post News Opinion Markets Investing Personal Finance FP Magazine Tech Executive Entrepreneur Midas Letter Subscribe News Economy Energy FP Street Legal Post Mining Retail & Marketing Transportation Property Post Business Insider News TrendingOutlook 2017 | Donald Trump | Earnings | Loonie | Marijuana | Real Estate | OPEC | Gold Apple pulls New York Times app from its China store – acting on Beijing’s orders Simon Denyer, Washington Post | January 5, 2017 9:11 AM ET More from Washington Post Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Typo? More Comments Tumblr Pinterest Reddit Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon Apple has removed the New York Times app from its digital store in China, acting on what it says were orders from the Chinese government. The news underlines how American information technology companies are being forced to play by China’s rules if they want to do business in China – even at some cost to their reputation in the West. It is also another example of how the noose is gradually tightening under the world’s largest system of censorship known as the Great Firewall of China. But it also comes as China redoubles its own efforts to spread the Communist Party’s message far and wide across the world, including in the United States. The New York Times, which offers content in both English and Chinese, is one of a growing number of foreign news organizations whose content is blocked in China. Readers can only access content by using special software to bypass the Great Firewall. The latest move throws up another barrier for Chinese readers, especially new customers. The app is available in Apple stores in Hong Kong and Taiwan, for example, but users need a credit card billing address outside mainland China to download it, the Times reported. Related ‘It’s a brawl’: Inside China’s cutthroat race to build the world’s fastest elevator Terence Corcoran: Trump’s not even president yet and he’s already wrecking free trade “For some time now the New York Times app has not been permitted to display content to most users in China and we have been informed that the app is in violation of local regulations,” Apple spokesman Fred Sainz told the Times. “As a result, the app must be taken down off the China App Store. When this situation changes, the App Store will once again offer the New York Times app for download in China.” The Times said the app had been removed from Apple stores on Dec. 23, and appears to have been made under regulations issued last June preventing mobile apps from engaging in activities that endanger national security or disrupt social order. The Washington Post’s website is not blocked in China, and its English-language app is available on the Apple store, but many other news organizations are blocked. The Times said it had asked Apple to reconsider its decision. Criticism also rained down online. As my colleagues Emily Rauhala and Elizabeth Dwoskin reported last month, California’s Internet companies may have once dreamed of liberating China through technology, but these days they seem more willing than ever to play the Communist Party’s game; case in point, news that Facebook is developing a censorship tool that many interpreted as an attempt to get its service unblocked in China. The news of the Times’ app being blocked was not reported by Chinese media, but filtered through to a few Netizens. “We are closing our doors to the outside world,” lamented one user of weibo, China’s equivalent of Twitter. “This is a restoration of the Cultural Revolution or another historical retrogression,” said another. The news also comes as China Central Television (CCTV), a propaganda arm of the Communist Party and the country’s largest TV network, launched a new global platform on New Year’s Day to try to improve China’s image overseas. In a congratulatory letter, President Xi Jinping urged the newly launched China Global Television Network to “tell China’s story well, spread China’s voice well, let the world know a three-dimensional, colorful China, and showcase China’s role as a builder of world peace.” The Washington Post is one of many Western newspapers that carries a regular paid supplement by China Daily, another Communist Party mouthpiece. The Washington Post’s Jin Xin contributed to this report   Find Financial Post on Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Typo? More Comments Tumblr Pinterest Reddit Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon Topics: News, China Find a Story Stock Search News Videos Broadening Business Horizons Businesses should use the web to anchor their social media marketing strategies Before your company breaks the internet, follow this advice Presented by FP Picks Kevin Libin: Obama just nailed down his legacy as a cynical, class-warfare divider-in-chief During the final address of his tenure, the president returned to his favourite battleground for social division: pitting the masses against the one per cent Nintendo Switch: The good, the bad and the pricey Deeply versatile but a bit underpowered; less expensive than the competition but not exactly cheap. Here is Chad Sapieha's take on Nintendo's new console Better design and ‘atmosphere’: Why Canadian malls are thriving while American ones struggle An analysis from the Retail Council of Canada reveals malls in this country are significantly more productive, on average, than malls in the United States Lawrence Solomon: How vaccine safety turned into one of Trump’s first presidential priorities Making America safe doesn’t just involve building a wall to keep out criminals and terrorists. To Trump, it also includes making sure that there’s safety in America’s vaccines ‘We don’t give a damn’: Anti-oil activists step up opposition as honeymoon with Trudeau ends In one day, Jane Fonda slammed the oilsands, a LNG lawsuit and outrage over Energy East. Let's stop pretending environmentalists will give us a big pat on the back Investing How to create an ‘Anything but Europe’ portfolio Quebec City’s Exfo Inc gets share boost after catching the eye of billionaire George Soros Gold may hit US$2,000 once Trump-driven equity ‘sugar rush’ wears off: analyst Call it the Icarus trade: Bank of America sees 10% melt-up, followed by 10% meltdown George Soros lost nearly US$1 billion after Donald Trump election, according to report Powered by WordPress.com VIP Our Partners Infomart The Province Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen Montreal Gazette Classifieds Remembering Celebrating Classifieds Marketplace Workopolis FlyerCity Classifieds Self-Service Services Advertise with us Subscribe Subscriber Services ePaper Newsletters Site map Legal Privacy Terms Contact us Copyright & permissions Connect with Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn © 2017 National Post, a division of Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password: 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Please enter your email below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ

RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Monday, January 16, 2017 11:49 am GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 28°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Apple: App Store generated US$20b for developers in 2016 Thursday January 5, 2017 10:55 PM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: Gordon Ramsay to cook with food waste The Edit: Kim Kardashian reportedly details Paris robbery Catching up with squash queen Nicol David, minus the fanfare The Edit: Reese Witherspoon on why Hollywood must change for women Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Apple said customers spent nearly US$240 million on apps and in-app purchases on New Year's Day, the biggest sales day ever. ― AFP picSAN FRANCISCO, Jan 5 ― Apple Inc said today its App Store generated US$20 billion (RM89.7 billion) for developers in 2016, a 40 per cent increase from 2015, helped by the popularity of games such as Pokemon Go and Super Mario Run and increased revenue from subscriptions. App Store sales topped more than US$3 billion in December, helped by the launch of Nintendo Co Ltd's Super Mario Run, which was downloaded more than 40 million times in the first four days after its launch. Nintendo's Pokemon Go was also the most downloaded application in 2016. Billings from popular subscription-based apps such as Netflix, HBO Now and MLB.com At Bat jumped 74 per cent to US$2.7 billion in 2016. Apple said customers spent nearly US$240 million on apps and in-app purchases on New Year's Day, the biggest sales day ever. App sales in China jumped 90 per cent last year, Apple said without providing details. Apple said today it had removed the New York Times Co's English- and Chinese-language news apps from its iTunes store in China at the request of local authorities. Apple's own iBooks and iTunes Movies stores have been blocked since April as Chinese authorities worry about social disorder, moral harm and threats to national security. ― Reuters                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Sterling hammered on Brexit reports, Asia markets sink World’s eight richest as wealthy as half of humanity, Oxfam tells Davos Trump threatens BMW with border tax on cars built in Mexico Job cuts, fewer flights? Hong Kong airline Cathay set for overhaul Not enough investment in green energy, firm finds Bet on ringgit, EM currencies to rebound, Allianz chief economist says China’s central bank launches spot investigation on bitcoin exchanges Ringgit likely to improve 4.40 against US dollar next week Cardholders need to start using pin to resolve teething problems Malaysia to consider more steps to stabilise ringgit if needed Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: ‘Hidden Figures’ tops box office Reuters Video: Chinese president arrives in Switzerland on state visit Reuters Video: Turkey and Russia to invite US to Syria talks, Turkish minister says 'Baywatch' international trailer brings back the sexy Reuters Video: Ben Affleck and Sienna Miller on 'Live by Night' sex scenes Reuters Video: Up to 16 people arrested over Kardashian robbery Related Articles Apple to unveil augmented reality glasses in 2017? KPDNKK rampas iPhone, iPad tiruan lebih RM350,000 Apple’s App Store shatters records on New Year’s day Apple pulls New York Times app in China after government request (VIDEO) What the ‘Frightful Five’ have to fear: Lawmakers, not start-ups Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Log In × Enter Details Username or Email Password Remember Me Forgotten password? Join × Enter Details Comment on stories, receive email newsletters & alerts. Username @ This is your permanent identity for Business Insider Australia Email address Your email must be valid for account activation Password Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscribe Business Insider Newsletter Special Offers Newsletter Email newsletters but will contain a brief summary of our top stories and news alerts. Why are you asking me for personal information? Having issues creating your account? Contact Support Forgotten Password × Enter Details Email Back to log in Business & Technology Business Insider Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR Celebrity POPSUGAR Fashion POPSUGAR Beauty POPSUGAR Health & Fitness ShopStyle Toggle navigation Join Log In Tech Money & Markets Briefing Ideas Executive Life Video Tech Pokémon Go was the most downloaded iPhone app worldwide in 2016, Apple says Kif Leswing Jan 6, 2017, 1:33 AM facebook twitter reddit linkedin Email Drew Angerer Pok émon Go and Super Mario Go, Nintendo’s first experiments with bringing its characters to Apple devices, both ended up in the top 10 iOS apps downloaded worldwide in 2016, Apple announced on Thursday. Pokémon Go, which Apple calls a “cultural phenomenon,” was the most downloaded iOS app, Apple said in a press release. But Mario is also popular, and Super Mario Go was the most downloaded app on Christmas and New Year’s Day. Apple’s developers were able to rake in $20 billion in 2016, which was up 40% from last year, Apple also announced. Given that Apple takes a roughly 30% cut of what developers sell, this implies that the App Store grossed somewhere around $28 billion last year. This year, Apple started to take a smaller cut of App Store revenue if developers offer a subscription option. Apple said its subscription business grossed $2.7 billion. Apple also said that its new App Store search ads are effective with a 50% conversion rate. Apple suggests that 2017 will be a bigger year for its App Store business, which it sees as a critical way to keep revenue and margin up in the face of declining iPhone sales. January 1st was a record-setting day, according to Apple, with $240 million in App Store purchases. Read Apple’s entire press release below: Record-Breaking Holiday Season for the App Store Apple today announced that the App Store welcomed 2017 with its busiest single day ever on New Year’s Day, capping a record-breaking holiday season and a year of unprecedented developer earnings and breakout app hits. In 2016 alone, developers earned over $20 billion, up over 40 per cent from 2015. Since the App Store launched in 2008, developers have earned over $60 billion, creating amazing app experiences for App Store customers across iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch, Apple TV and Mac. Those efforts helped kick off 2017 with a remarkable start, making New Year’s Day the highest single day ever for the App Store with nearly $240 million in purchases. “2016 was a record-shattering year for the App Store, generating $20 billion for developers, and 2017 is off to a great start with Jan. 1 as the single biggest day ever on the App Store,” said Philip Schiller, Apple’s senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. “We want to thank our entire developer community for the many innovative apps they have created — which together with our products — help to truly enrich people’s lives.” Customers broke all-time records this holiday season with purchases from the App Store topping $3 billion in December. In the same month, Nintendo’s Super Mario Run made history with more than 40 million downloads in just four days after its release, and was the most downloaded app globally on Christmas Day and New Year’s Day. Super Mario Run is also among last year’s top 10 most downloaded apps worldwide, with Pokémon Go taking the top spot. Pokémon Go, a beloved game from Niantic, quickly became a cultural phenomenon in mid-2016. Prisma, Reigns, Procreate, Lumino City, Sweat With Kayla and djay Pro, from some of Apple’s independent developers, were among the most successful apps for iPhone, iPad, Apple TV, Apple Watch and Mac, respectively. The App Store offers 2.2 million apps in total, up over 20 per cent from last year. With the App Store available in 155 countries, Apple’s customers have access to millions of apps to make their lives easier, enrich their passions and connect with people from all around the world. The App Store’s top-grossing markets include the US, China, Japan and the UK, with China experiencing record year-over-year growth at an incredible 90 per cent. The global impact of the App Store was captured this past year with two campaigns — Apps for Earth and Games for (RED). In partnership with the World Wildlife Fund and (RED), customers were empowered to make a difference, helping to protect life on our planet and join the fight against AIDS. The custom content created by each campaign’s participating developers helped raise over $17 million in total for the two organisations. With the introduction of iMessage® apps and SiriKit in iOS 10, developers created exciting new types of app experiences. iPhone and iPad customers now have access to over 21,000 iMessage apps to send stickers and easily collaborate with friends, and for the first time ever, users can ask Siri® to book rides, make payments, return a call and more. Since subscriptions became available across all 25 app categories this fall, including Games and Kids, customers can subscribe to their favourite services from over 20,000 apps, with Netflix, HBO Now, Line, Tinder and MLB.com At Bat among last year’s most popular. iPhone and iPad customers grew the App Store’s subscription billings significantly in 2016, to $2.7 billion, up 74 per cent from 2015. Apple revolutionised personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s more than 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, and LinkedIn Tagged In app store apple thewire Discuss Be the first to comment on this story! Cancel Reply Member Log In Log In Join Guest Comment Name Email Be the first to comment on this story! You are starting a new discussion Business Insider Australia Contact Editor Got A Story Tip? Report Issue Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join Watch & Learn Inside New York's most exclusive private car club featuring a fleet of $300,000 rides A German company is making plates out of fresh green leaves A master chef shares his secrets to making the perfect bowl of ramen Forget skydiving -- thrill-seekers are now paying $6,700 to experience zero gravity Your Money S&P 500 2,275 +4.20 (+0.185%) Nikkei 225 19,287 +152.58 (+0.797%) S&P/ASX 200 5,746 +25.00 (+0.437%) Popular on Facebook Tony Abbott attacks Malcolm Turnbull, says he could be truly agile instead of just talking about it WATCH: A road building video clip by a tiny Australian council is going viral, viewed 14 million times The wines Australians have been collecting in 2016 A 28-year-old who sold his company to Snapchat for $54 million and left to travel the world reveals why he hasn't spent a dime of his cut Popular on LinkedIn 12 things successful people do in the last 10 minutes of the workday 10 things you need to know this morning in Australia A Harvard psychologist says people judge you based on 2 criteria when they first meet you A couple who travels the world permanently with their 2 kids shares their secret for travelling with toddlers Popular Chinese commodity futures are exploding higher as iron ore goes limit up Energy business Duet has agreed to a $7.37 billion takeover bid from HK billionaire Li Ka-shing These charts show traders continue to believe in the Donald Trump 'reflation trade' Kogan.com shares are on a tear after strong Christmas sales Apple AirPods: Australian Review Top 10 Raspberry Pi Projects For Beginners Why Software Fixes Are Sometimes Called A 'Patch' NBC's Powerless Breaks The Canon With A Stupid Wayne Cousin Everything We Learned About The Nintendo Switch The Last Of Us Remade In Giant LEGO Build 25 Years Ago, Mega Man 4 Changed The Series Forever Crazy Stunt Brings Rocket League To Grand Theft Auto V Ask LH: Is There An Easy Way To Find And Delete Old Internet Accounts? 25 Facts About The Science Of Fitness You May Not Know The Correct Way To Store Different Food Types In Your Kitchen [Infographic] The Multipurpose Gaming, Music, And Work Space © 2007-2017 Allure Media BI Intelligence About Advertise Contact TermsTerms of Use InternationalBusiness Insider International
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Apple says that January 1 was the most lucrative day in App Store history Yoni Heisler BGR NewsJanuary 5, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Apple just posted a press release boasting that its increasingly popular App Store completely demolished existing sales records on New Years Day. By the time the dust settled, customers on January 1 purchased $240 million worth of apps, marking a new one-day record and once more affirming that Apple as a services company is a force to be reckoned with. Don't Miss: This is exactly how fast the Galaxy S8 will be compared to the Galaxy S7 “2016 was a record-shattering year for the App Store, generating $20 billion for developers, and 2017 is off to a great start with January 1 as the single biggest day ever on the App Store,” Phil Schiller said in a press release. “We want to thank our entire developer community for the many innovative apps they have created — which together with our products — help to truly enrich people’s lives.” Bolstered of course by Nintendo’s wildly popular Super Mario Run — which saw 40 million downloads in just a few days after its release — Apple also revealed that App Store customers during the month of December cumulatively spent a whopping $3 billion on apps, itself a new App Store record. And speaking to how Apple’s App Store continues to grow at a rapid clip, Apple disclosed that developers in 2016 earned $20 billion in revenue from the App Store, a marked 40% increase from 2015. Trending right now: This is exactly how fast the Galaxy S8 will be compared to the Galaxy S7 Look at what happens to a Jet Black iPhone 7 Plus after 2 months with no case This is the first Android smartphone in the world with 8GB of RAM See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next 9 tech-friendly gifts for people obsessed with travel Yahoo Tech Everything you need for your home DIRECTVSponsored Galaxy S7, S7 Edge Get Android Nougat Update International Business Times Showdown in the South China Sea: China’s artificial islands explained Digital Trends Wristband monitors your blood alcohol content while you drink Yahoo Tech 2017 Honda CR-V Central Iowa Honda DealersSponsored Got 50 bucks burning a hole in your pocket? Here’s the best tech to spend it on Digital Trends $40 device doubles the storage of your 32GB iPhone 7 or 7 Plus BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Data Centers more Apple Mobility CES 2017 IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Data Centers Apple Mobility CES 2017 IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan ​Apple's App Store 2016 revenue tops $28 billion mark, developers net $20 billion Apple said developers earned $20 billion in 2016, up 40 percent from a year ago. Given that Apple keeps 30 percent of sales, App Store annual revenue is more than $28 billion. That sum is in line with expectations. By Larry Dignan for Between the Lines | January 5, 2017 -- 14:08 GMT (06:08 PST) | Topic: Developer Apple Apple said that its App Store posted records in 2016 and on New Year's Day in 2017, as the company positions itself to be more about services. What's Hot on ZDNet Microsoft rolls out second Windows 10 Creators Update test build in a week House bill aims to block tech giants from building "Muslim registry" With the rise of global instability, can ceramic storage save our digital culture? CES 2017 recap video: Big trends, top products, and wackiest tech Specifically, Apple said that developers earned $20 billion in 2016, up 40 percent from a year ago. Since Apple gets 30 percent of App Store sales with developers getting 70 percent, 2016 revenue was likely to top $28 billion. On New Year's Day, Apple said its App Store delivered more than $240 million in purchases. Sales from the App Store topped $3 billion in December with the help of Super Mario Run. The App Store now offers 2.2 million apps, up more than 20 percent from a year ago. Subscription billings in 2016 for the App Store were $2.7 billion. Apple's disclosure on App Store sales is worth noting given analyst worries over the iPhone and sales going forward. In recent quarters, Apple has been touting its ability to sell services and subscriptions via its installed base and loyal customers. The big question is whether analysts will come around to valuing Apple based on the App Store instead of iPhone units. Following Apple's fiscal third quarter, Macquarie analyst Ben Schachter noted: While there is less disclosure on Services revenue, management stated that overall Services revs were up 24% and App Store revenue was up 43% y/y. Putting the App Store rev into context: on a gross basis, we believe App Store revenue was about $7.8 billion in the quarter and about $28 billion for the fiscal year. In other words, on a gross basis, App Store sales were 22% bigger than Mac sales for the year and 35% larger than iPad sales for the year. We believe that the Services line accounted for 27% of gross margin in the quarter and 21% for the fiscal year. As the App Store continues to be the fastest-growing and highest-margin significant business for Apple, we think investors will focus more on its value and long-term sustainability. Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Big Data Analytics Apache Beam and Spark: New coopetition for squashing the Lambda Architecture? Security Apple partners with Tresorit to offer end-to-end encryption for CareKit Enterprise Software DevOps widespread, but not yet seen as strategic, survey shows Enterprise Software Google's Go beats Java, C, Python to programming language of the year crown × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror Matt Lewis DC Trawler Send a Tip Tech ‘First Billionaire In Hip Hop’ Dr. Dre Celebrates Beats Headphones Sale To Apple [VIDEO] Giuseppe Macri Tech Editor Giuseppe Macri12:20 PM 05/09/2014      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 4183535 After news broke late Thursday that Apple is working on a $3.2 billion deal to buy Beats Electronics, the developer behind the popular headphones of the same name, company co-founder and hip hop producer Dr. Dre, appeared in a video online and declared himself “the first billionaire in hip hop.” Actor Tyrese Gibson was apparently celebrating with Dre in the producer’s studio following the reports, and posted the video to his Facebook page. “They need to update the Forbes list,” Gibson said in the video referencing the magazine’s list of the world’s richest people, and described Dre as having joined the “billionaire boys club.” “In a big way — understand that,” Dre followed up. “The first billionaire in hip hop.” Though the expletive-rich video appears to show Dre celebrating the deal, he doesn’t explicitly reference or confirm the news. The post has since been taken down, but initially included the caption: “How did I end up in the studio with Dr Dre ON THE night his deal went public that he did with Apple 3.2 BILLION!!!!! The BEATS HEADPHONES JUST CHANGED HIP HOP!!!!!!” WATCH: The New York Times, Wall Street Journal and Financial Times reported the story Thursday citing sources briefed on the talks. Beats by Dre headphones‘ annual sales revenues have reportedly gone up to $1.5 billion since the company was founded with music executive Jimmy Iovine began selling headphones in 2008. The deal would include the new Beats Music streaming service, which Apple is likely acquiring to compete with streaming services like Pandora and Spotify after the company’s iTunes Radio failed to impress the industry. Apple’s revenue growth has declined sharply in recent years, and the company only entered the broadly popular streaming market last year — late because of former CEO Steve Jobs’ reported unfavorable opinion of music subscription services. The company continues to be the largest seller of music downloads, but is losing market share to companies like Amazon. Purchasing Beats would mark Apple’s largest acquisition ever. The headphones retail between about $169.95 to $449.95, depending on model and features, and despite many music and sound industry experts describing their quality as “extraordinarily bad,” the brand has become enormously popular as a fashion item among a younger consumer base, and the popular alternative to standard earbuds models. Beats’ success is due in large part to its wide profit margins – despite the steep prices of the popular bass-heavy headphone models, each individual unit reportedly only costs around $14 to produce. Private equity firm Carlyle Group invested $500 million in Beats last year, and valued the company at more than $1 billion. Neither Apple nor Beats would comment on the deal in the original reports, and the briefed sources said they were still in the negotiation stage. Though the companies have yet to consummate the agreement, and it could still fall through, if things go as planned the official announcement could be made as early as next week. Follow Giuseppe on Twitter and Facebook. Tags: Apple, Beats, Dr. Dre Hide Comments   Show 1088 comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Photos Videos Topics Live NZ 170/2 (31) - BAN 160/9 (57.5) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Narendra Modi BCCI Dangal Tej Bahadur Singh Mahendra Singh Dhoni Home Money Examining Apple's extra concession request to manufacture in India: Govt (Getty Images) Shares1 Thu, 5 Jan 2017-07:59pm , New Delhi , PTI Commerce and industry minister Nirmala Sitharaman said that the centre has taken no decision on granting an extra concession to Apple. The government is examining extra concessions being demanded by the US-based iphone maker Apple for setting up a manufacturing unit in India. "We are discussing that ... no other mobile manufacturer have sought any extra concessions ... we have not taken any decision," Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman told reporters in New Delhi when asked about the government's view on the Apple issue. She added: "I am not saying that we have said yes, I am not saying that we have said no". In a communication to the government, the Cupertino-based technology major has asked for several tax and other incentives to enter India in the manufacturing sector. As many as 42 companies are making mobile phones in India, including Chinese firm Huawei and Xiaomi. A group of senior officials from ministries, including commerce and finance, would later this month deliberate on the incentives sought by Apple to set up a manufacturing unit. The government already provides benefits under the Modified Special Incentive Package Scheme (MSIPS) to boost electronic manufacturing in the country. The scheme provides financial incentives to offset disability and attract investments in the electronics hardware segment. It also gives a subsidy for investments in Special Economic Zones, among other benefits. Currently, Apples products are manufactured in six countries, including South Korea, Japan and the US. Elaborating, DIPP Secretary Ramesh Abhishek said that government keeps getting request from various companies for concessions and this is one of them. "The government examines (all the requests) with appropriate departments. All such requests are examined in consultation with concerned departments and that process is on," he added. TOP TOP < Watch: Hijab-clad woman, family called 'bunch of terrorists' in United States   Comments   Also Read Money Sterling skids on Brexit anxiety; investors hope for Trump clarity Money An economy built by farmers’ tears Money Bulls may take a breather, value buying seen Money Only GST will be able to boost industry growth Money Bond yields may be firm, could position for Feb rate cut Money Auto firms seek Union Budget fuel to race ahead Next Article > BREAKING: This is what Salman Khan has ORDERED the team to do after Swami Om's expulsion from Bigg Boss 10! < Previous ArticleNext Article > Watch: Hijab-clad woman, family called 'bunch of terrorists' in United States Live Cricket Score Live NZ 170/2 (31), 539/10 (148.2) BAN 160/9 (57.5), 595/8 (152) Full Scorecard | Commentary Next node BREAKING: This is what Salman Khan has ORDERED the team to do after Swami Om's expulsion from Bigg Boss 10! Related Reforms on mind, global leaders to converge in Davos World's powerful to meet at World Economic Forum tomorrow, over 100 from India to attend Affordable homes will be a reality post demonetization: HDFC Chairman Parekh Video ‘Backpack Challenge’ is the new teen craze taking over social media Watch: Heartbreaking short film 'Borrowed Time' by Pixar animators finally makes debut Watch: New York flash mob dances in support of Hillary Clinton and her pantsuits! View all Tags Nirmala Sitharaman Commerce and Industry Minister Apple Inc Iphone SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Advertise Reprint Rights News Cow only animal that inhales, exhales oxygen, says Rajasthan Education Minister CIA director warns Trump to watch what he says, be careful on Russia DNA Morning Must Reads: Army chief Bipin Rawat's warning to Pak; Kohli, Jadhav steer India's ODI win against Aus; and more Swamy slams Jallikattu protest, says will challenge animal rights funding Tamil Nadu: We support Jallikattu but cannot impose any rule above law, says BJP state president Sport Lakshmanan, Monika win half marathon titles Simbu sizzles: Tanzanian overcomes stiff challenge from second-placed Kipkorir to win elite full marathon Parthiv Patel: Fighting on since 2000 Ind vs Eng: One of the best partnerships I have been part of, says Virat Kohli Ind vs Eng: Sparkling centuries by Kohli, Jadhav steer India to win Entertainment A timeless tale of love revisited on stage Revisiting the magic of Kaifi Azmi Sridevi’s girls trolled for wearing fur coats Parineeti Chopra does Priyanka Chopra’s favourite pose Heard this? - Commando 2 postponed again Money Budget expectations, Q3 results to drive markets this week Delivery of 2 Airbus A320neo planes to Air India delayed Funds to recapitalise PSBs may exceed Rs 25,000 crore Sterling skids on Brexit anxiety; investors hope for Trump clarity 'Obscene': World's eight richest as wealthy as world's poorest half, says Oxfam Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad India reluctant to give special tax incentives to Apple By Reuters Published: 09:20 EST, 5 January 2017 | Updated: 09:20 EST, 5 January 2017 e-mail By Manoj Kumar and Mayank Bhardwaj Jan 5 (Reuters) - India is resisting tech giant Apple Inc's demand for tax incentives to make iPhones in the country, with the trade minister saying on Thursday that the government may not make exceptions for the U.S. company. Apple wants to open its own stores in India, but has been asked by the government to locally source at least some of the components, as part of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's bid to boost manufacturing in the country. Apple has sought tax concessions, including lower import and manufacturing duties, to make iPhones locally, according to a government official familiar with the situation. Trade Minister Nirmala Sitharaman said if India were to agree to any concessions, they would likely apply to all smartphone manufacturers, and not just Apple. Apple declined to comment. Apple's Chief Executive Tim Cook met Modi last May to talk about its plans to enter the Indian manufacturing and retail space. Cupertino, California-based Apple wants to boost iPhone sales in India, where it has only a roughly 2 percent market share, as sales in the United States and China slow. Smartphone component maker Wistron Corp, which counts Apple among its customers, has applied for permission to expand its plant in Bengaluru, a regional government official told Reuters on Monday. The tech giant had earlier asked for a permanent relaxation of rules requiring 30 percent local sourcing for foreign retailers setting up single-brand outlets, which was rejected by the finance ministry. India has relaxed these rules for just three years for single-brand foreign investors. India had also refused to allow Apple's proposal to import and sell refurbished mobile phones in India. The company has again sought a permanent waiver from local sourcing condition as it imports most of the handsets to sell in India and other countries, another official said. India offers capital subsidies for companies manufacturing electronics goods in India, coupled with tax incentives for investments in special economic zones and allows tax-free imports of some components used to make mobile handsets. "We have sent Apple's file to the revenue department," a top industry department official told Reuters. He said an inter-ministerial panel of the trade, electronics and finance ministry could take a final decision. (Additional reporting by Sankalp Phartiyal in MUMBAI; Editing by Susan Thomas and Mark Potter) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Alesha Dixon showcases her stunning curves in a wet-look PVC mini dress as she presents Dance, Dance, Dance 'A brotherhood beyond basketball': Lamar Odom spends time with NBA pals after leaving rehab and finalizing divorce from Khloe Kardashian Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka Revenge body! Bella Hadid flaunts her model figure as she joins sister Gigi for boxing workout after ex The Weeknd hooks up with Selena Gomez 'Music success has nothing to do with weight!': Una Healy slams Tom Jones after he says former The Voice winner Leanne Mitchell should 'trim down' 'My best friend!': Billie Faiers shows off her burgeoning bump in a white bardot minidress... as sister Sam shares cute throwback snap of the pair as kids 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Is the 10 calorie pot of jelly Charlotte Crosby 'carries with her everywhere' the secret to The Geordie Shore star's incredible 20 kilo weight loss? What will she do next? Baby Instagram star Millie-Belle Diamond, two, will walk the runway at New York Fashion Week - a year after launching her own label Rolls Royce of R&R! Inside the exclusive $4,500-a-week health retreat where Sam Armytage took time out to recharge her batteries ahead of her return to Sunrise Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'I'm wearing blue for one': Julie Snook returns to TV wearing cobalt coloured ensemble after 'jacketgate' with Nine News co-star  Sunday Funday! Julianne Hough steps out in fluffy white jacket with striped shirt and blue jeans in Hollywood All smiles as she enjoyed her day off  'Nollsy ya dead set rooster!': Ex-Australian Idol runner up Shannon Noll mocked in typical 'true blue' fashion by Facebook trolls after his strip club arrest And they're off! Julia Morris and Dr Chris Brown fly business class as they   jet off to South Africa to film I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll A boy's best friend! Madonna shares candid snap of her son David Banda resting with their puppy Olga  Queen of Pop was relaxing at home  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Rolling Stones guitarist Ronnie Wood's twin girls, their mother and Emma Bunton join Geri Horner for her baby shower  Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out Kale salad followed by 23 Oreos and a tub of ice cream: Jackie 'O' Henderson pokes fun at her diet... after admitting she'd fallen 'off the wagon' She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'There's a million different ways to please yourself, sexually': Fifty Shades Of Grey star Jamie Dorner says S&M doesn't 'float his boat' - but does admit to visiting a dungeon Going strong! Patrick Dempsey and longtime wife Jillian look in-sync as jet into Los Angeles...after calling off divorce  'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
My News Personalise your news feed by choosing your favourite topics of interest Get Started No Thanks Create your own newsfeed Choose 3 or more topics that you want to see. Irish News Politics International Opinion Living Family Technology Business GAA Soccer Rugby MMA Watercooler Going Out Screens Quizzes Change Generation Create my newsfeed   TheJournal.ie uses cookies. By continuing to browse this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Click here to find out more » Business ETC The42 The Daily Edge Search site Search Dublin: 9 °C Monday 16 January, 2017 Advertisement Homepage Irish Politics International Voices Family Culture Tech Business My Feed RSS Tags Apple apple tax do not attending Oireachtas Pearse Doherty Tim Cook See other tags Tags Thursday 5 Jan, 2017 http://jrnl.ie/3171206 Apple boss Tim Cook will NOT be coming to Leinster House Cook was invited to speak before the Oireachtas Finance Committee. Jan 5th 2017, 2:00 PM 11,344 Views 22 Comments Share59 Tweet Email Apple CEO Tim Cook. Image: Richard Drew APPLE WILL NOT be attending an Oireachtas Finance Committee hearing on the European Commission’s Apple Tax ruling. The committee had invited the global tech giant and its CEO Tim Cook to attend the hearing but members have been informed that Apple and Cook have declined. The EU’s competition commissioner Margrethe Vestager, who delivered the bombshell ruling in August, is expected to be in attendance at the hearings which are to begin later this month. The Irish government is appealing the European Commission ruling which found that Apple must pay Ireland €13 billion in back taxes. The committee’s hearing is expected to look at the implications of the European Commission’s ruling and will allow the various players to put their positions on the record. Committee member Pearse Doherty TD says that Apple has cited legal reasons for their decision not to attend. “Apple have said that they have been advised not to undertake any other direct activities which prejudice future outcomes,” Doherty said, adding that he doesn’t feel this excuse is acceptable. In my view Tim Cook’s argument doesn’t hold water. I’m sure many of your readers heard Tim Cook address the Irish media straight after the investigation was partially published. He has no problem talking to journalists both home and abroad but will not answer questions to Irish parliamentarians and that’s not acceptable. After the European Commission’s preliminary ruling was published, Cook went on Irish radio to say that Apple pays corporate tax in Ireland at 12.5%. In 2013, Cook also appeared before a US subcommittee hearing in which he was quizzed on Apple’s tax arrangements in Ireland. Cook was asked to explain why his firm transferred 64% of its income to Irish subsidiaries. Cook also the US politicians told Apple’s Irish subsidiaries paid an effective tax rate of around 2%. Doherty has described Apple’s decision not to attend as a ‘setback’ but feels the Taoiseach should intervene to encourage the company to reconsider. “The fact that Tim Cook and Apple have decided not to come before us is a serious setback and we’ll be calling on Enda Kenny and Finance Minister Michael Noonan to use their influence on Apple to encourage them to respect the committee of the Irish parliament.” Read: ‘The Commission has exceeded its powers’: Government sets out 8 ways it will fight Apple ruling > Read: Explainer: Why doesn’t the government want Apple to cough up extra taxes? > Get breaking news from TheJournal.ie via Facebook. Just click Like. Short URL Tweet this Share on Facebook Email this article   About the author: Rónán Duffy @ronanduffy_ ronan@thejournal.ie See more articles by Rónán Duffy Contribute to this story: Leave a Comment Send a Photo / Video Send a Tip Send a Correction Read next: Embed this post To embed this post, copy the code below on your site 600px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/tim-cook-apple-oireachtas-3171206-Jan2017/?embedpost=3171206&width=600&height=460" ></iframe> 400px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/tim-cook-apple-oireachtas-3171206-Jan2017/?embedpost=3171206&width=400&height=460" ></iframe> 300px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/tim-cook-apple-oireachtas-3171206-Jan2017/?embedpost=3171206&width=300&height=460" ></iframe> Email “Apple boss Tim Cook will NOT be coming to Leinster House”. Your Email Recipient's Email Submit Feedback on “Apple boss Tim Cook will NOT be coming to Leinster House”. Your Feedback Your Email (optional) Submit Report a Comment Please select the reason for reporting this comment. Please select your reason for reporting... You don't like this comment, or you disagree with this commenter It contains offensive language, is hateful or incites violence It contains a libelous/defamatory statement Some other reason... Please give full details of the problem with the comment... Your Email Submit Comments (22 Comments) Ordered By: Popularity Popularity Date Leave a comment Add New Comment Log in to comment: Logged in as You are connected with your account. Log out Share This Comment on Facebook or Twitter Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Submit Comment Read Next: Download our app Trending Opinions Living with albinism: 'I can't go into town without someone pointing or laughing at me' Sinead McManus All people with albinism are subjected to prejudice, but it is devastating to be rejected at job interviews too, writes Sinead McManus. Trivialities of the 'reformed' Seanad: 'Senators talking about All-Ireland tickets and seagulls' Senator Gerard P Craughwell Voters chose by a narrow margin in a referendum in 2013 to retain the Seanad. It’s unlikely they are happy with that decision, writes Senator Gerard P Craughwell. 'Listening to Trump voters, I am surprised, disappointed, bewildered, fascinated and enlightened' Larry Donnelly In overlooking certain perspectives, the media is committing its gravest error in this undeniably frightening time of political upheaval, writes Larry Donnelly. Most Popular Today 1 Sisters behind Irish fashion startup Opsh step down after falling victim to the 'investment chasm' 49,251  31 2 Living with albinism: 'I can't go into town without someone pointing or laughing at me' 41,383  45 3 Latest Alec Baldwin parody takes aim squarely at Trump's 'dodgy dossier' 34,776  73 1 The boss of Aer Lingus warns Reykjavik could steal transatlantic traffic from Dublin 1,964  0 2 How one of Ireland's most southerly towns has fought back against the city brain drain 633  0 3 Whatever happened to... A mega shopping centre in Dublin's Point Village? 20  0 1 As it happened: Man Utd v Liverpool, Premier League 46,866  76 2 'Because of my ancestry, there is no way I could walk around with MBE after my name' 32,456  2 3 Munster set to face Untoward Incident Review after Murray's suspected head injury 25,855  33 1 There's a very gas but very unfortunate typo in the Derry Journal 9,178  1 2 Irish movie The Young Offenders just opened in the UK and it's getting glowing reviews 8,098  1 3 This makeup artist had the best response to a Twitter troll claiming he wasn't raised right 7,253  2 Trending Tags PLANNING Opinion: People living in rural Ireland cannot blame Dublin for the empty towns and villages Dealz planning violations: Dublin council refuses to issue enforcement notice 7 essential tips from Electric Picnic veterans PLOUGHING This little Tipp lad's hurling rap was the highlight of the Ploughing yesterday This little Tipp lad's hurling rap was the highlight of the Ploughing yesterday How Marty Morrissey and his cardboard cut-out own the Ploughing GARDAí Gardaí search for poachers after deer found shot and decapitated in Meath Man critical after being stabbed multiple times in Offaly overnight Gardaí make domestic abuse 'a priority' in new policing plan DUBLIN Dublin restaurants say persistent beggars are a 'major threat' to diners' comfort Concern for teenage boy (16) who has been missing since Monday Dublin Fire Brigade to be balloted on strike action IRELAND These are the next Irish films we're all going to be talking about The Irish Powerchair team set to take on the world this summer "We have always found ways to lock up mentally ill people": The disturbing history of Irish asylums EUROPEAN RUGBY CHAMPIONS CUP 'We've got to work harder' says Kiss after another early European exit Ulster's European ambitions all but over after defeat to Exeter Francis Saili's winning try still looks every bit as good this morning ∞ About Us About Us We're Hiring! Contact Us Advertise With Us Tech Blog Follow Us Twitter Facebook Corrections Report Content Policies Terms of Use Privacy Cookies Advertising Comments Copyright Competition Content copyright © Journal Media Ltd. 2017 Registered in Dublin, registration number: 483623. Registered office: 3rd floor, Latin Hall, Golden Lane, Dublin 8. TheJournal.ie is a full participating member of the Press Council of Ireland and supports the Office of the Press Ombudsman. This scheme in addition to defending the freedom of the press, offers readers a quick, fair and free method of dealing with complaints that they may have in relation to articles that appear on our pages. To contact the Office of the Press Ombudsman Lo-Call 1890 208 080 or go to www.pressombudsman.ie or www.presscouncil.ie Please note that TheJournal.ie uses cookies to improve your experience and to provide services and advertising. For more information on cookies please refer to our cookies policy. News images provided by Press Association and Photocall Ireland unless otherwise stated. Irish sport images provided by Inpho Photography unless otherwise stated. Wire service provided by Associated Press. Journal Media does not control and is not responsible for user created content, posts, comments, submissions or preferences. Users are reminded that they are fully responsible for their own created content and their own posts, comments and submissions and fully and effectively warrant and indemnify Journal Media in relation to such content and their ability to make such content, posts, comments and submissions available. Journal Media does not control and is not responsible for the content of external websites. Switch to Mobile Site | Night mode Sites: TheJournal.ie | BusinessETC.ie | The42 | DailyEdge.ie | Boards.ie | Adverts.ie | Daft.ie Blow the whistle or share a story Upload an image Upload an image cancel Add an image URL cancel Upload a video | Add YouTube video Upload a video cancel YouTube Address (URL): cancel Your email (optional) Submit Alternatively, you can email us at: tips@thejournal.ie Please log in to comment Please log in with facebook to become a fan Please log in RSS feeds available here: TheJournal.ie Latest News Feed Apple boss Tim Cook will NOT be coming to Leinster House Comments Report an error, omission or problem: Message: Your Email (optional) Submit Create Email Alert Create an email alert based on the current article Email Address One email every morning As soon as new articles come online Submit TheJournal.ie Facebook Edition Share stories with your friends and family easily Comment without having to login More features coming soon...
India reluctant to give special tax incentives to Apple By India is resisting Apple Inc.'s demand for tax incentives to make iPhones in the country, with the trade minister saying on Thursday that New Delhi may not make exceptions for the U.S. tech giant. - JSW Cement to increase capacity to 3.4 MTPA at Bellary plant Keep your account secure » X Ensure that your correct email id and mobile has been registered with moneycontrol. If not, please update your profile and secure the account now. Updating your email id and mobile number offers following benefits: If someone tries to reset your password, you will be informed immediately Only you will receive email & sms alerts relating to your stocks & overall portfolio Opted-in market updates, news, research reports, will be delivered to you on-time Update your profile now » News Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Search Language App Subscriptions Specials Sign-In Register Santa Claus Logout Hindi Gujrati Profile Portfolio Watchlist Messages Alerts News markets Mutual Funds commodities Property personal finance portfolio Forum LIVE TV TV18 terminal Home Business Management Talk Markets Stocks Politics International Tech Lifestyle SME Videos Home » News » Business Jan 05, 2017, 08.36 PM | Source: Reuters India reluctant to give special tax incentives to Apple India is resisting Apple Inc.'s demand for tax incentives to make iPhones in the country, with the trade minister saying on Thursday that New Delhi may not make exceptions for the U.S. tech giant. Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3 India reluctant to give special tax incentives to Apple India is resisting Apple Inc.'s demand for tax incentives to make iPhones in the country, with the trade minister saying on Thursday that New Delhi may not make exceptions for the U.S. tech giant. Post Your Comments Share Cancel India is resisting Apple Inc.'s demand for tax incentives to make iPhones in the country, with the trade minister saying on Thursday that New Delhi may not make exceptions for the U.S. tech giant. Apple wants to open its own stores in India but has been asked by the government to locally source at least some of the components, as part of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's bid to boost manufacturing in the country. Apple has sought tax concessions, including lower import and manufacturing duties, to make iPhones locally, according to a government official familiar with the situation. Trade Minister Nirmala Sitharaman said if India were to agree to any concessions, they would likely apply to all smart phone manufacturers, and not just Apple. Smartphone component maker Wistron Corp, which counts Apple Inc among its customers, has applied for permission to expand its plant in Bengaluru, a regional government official told Reuters on Monday. Apple declined to comment. Tags  Apple Inc. tax incentives iPhones trade minister Nirmala Sitharaman Buy, Hold, Sell ? Hear it first on M3 India reluctant to give special tax incentives to Apple See all Sign in or Login with Username Password Keep me signed in   Forgot password? Don't have an account yet? - Register now news Most Popular Top News Asia lower, Chinese markets down more than 1% in early trade Markets may open on flat note: SMC Global Trump threatens BMW with border tax on cars built in Mexico Sensex, Nifty may trend lower; IT stocks, Reliance in focus NSE to interview candidates for CEO this week Don't be flippant about Indian symbols, icons: Das to Amazon Donald Trump suggests Russia deal on nuclear arms, sanctions EC may give order on Samajwadi Party symbol dispute today Petrol price up by 42 paisa/litre, diesel by Rs 1.03 a litre See all Video of the day India expensive at current levels; like durables, banks: CLSA Explore Moneycontrol STOCKS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Others MUTUAL FUNDS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Market Statistics Plan Insurance Global Market Business News Mutual Fund Best Portfolio Manager Bse Sensex Nse Nifty Commodities Price Silver Price/Rate in India Gold Price/Rate in India Crude Oil USD to INR Bank Fixed Deposits Company Fixed Deposits Small Savings Schemes Bonds Budget: 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016 | Budget 2017 RBI Credit Policy News Archive FAQs Financial Glossary Forum Moneybhai Think India History India Latest News IBNLive News News in Hindi Cricket News Paper Peek Exam Special CBSE Sample Papers India News Restaurants in Delhi Online Shopping in India Cairn India Euro Infosys Inflation Silver Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Snapdeal Starbucks Narendra Modi Crore Rss Feeds Site Map  |  About Us  |  Contact Us  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Bookmark  |  Disclaimer  |  Privacy Statement  |  Terms of Use  |  Careers Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Login Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Login using moneycontrol ID Username Password Need help logging in? Reset password. Don´t have an account? Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Simply sign up using this short form * mandatory UserName* Username should be atleast 4 character Password* Password should be 8 or more characters, atleast 1 number, 1 symbol & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Confirm Password* Email Already have an account? Login Register Now Sign In X Name* Enter Alphabets only Email* Enter valid email id Contact No.* Enter 10 digits only City Mumbai Delhi Kolkata Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Pune Other Interested in All Confused? use our Compare Brokers feature. Register Now Thank you for registering. Respective broker representative will reach you shortly. sign in
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Wallpapers of the week: geometry pack The top stories of the week on iDB Daily Deals: Beats Solo3 headphones $220, Sony PS4 $220, and more Let’s Talk iOS 169: 10-year iPhone anniversary special   skip to main content skip to main menu     How to mute progress updates from your friends and hide your own data in Activity sharing By Steffen Reich, Jan 5, 2017 Tweet Leave a Comment Activity sharing is a tried and tested way to boost your app engagement by pitting your own fitness data against others that are willing to share theirs. Fitbit and Nike knew for a while of the extra motivation released when someone else monitors your activity, Apple knows full well since iOS 10 and watchOS 3. Agreeing to share and relay your activity on Apple Watch can hence be an inspirational thing, but it also results in a considerable increase of wrist-buzzing every day. The following tutorial on no account is an insider’s tip, however if you have committed to sharing your activity and your patience with the daily activity updates from your friend is starting to wear thin, remember that there is an option to mute those notifications. The tutorial, or reminder (depending on your level of knowledge), also demonstrates how to hide your own activity from that friend, in case you don’t want them to know about your newest calories crushing workout just yet. As a matter of course, the amount of progress updates and notifications pouring in on your Apple Watch are always relative to the activity levels of your friends, meaning a couch potato friend is not going to produce as many buzzes on your own wrist as a fitness junkie pal. If you have signed up to share your data with someone of the more sportive kind though, you will have noticed that the daily count can easily exceed a handful of notifications. If this sounds all too familiar and you are getting tired of the influx of updates (or feeling guilty at the constant reminder of somebody outperforming you), luckily the Activity app on iPhone provides the remedy you are looking for. What’s more is that you are given not one, but two options to deal with your friend(s): either block the barrage of incoming notifications or hide your own activity from a particular contact, excluding the person from your analytics and the notifications your own app sends out. Since these two choices are interlaced, the guide below exhibits them in one go: How to mute progress updates from your friends, hide your own data in activity sharing Apple thus far is not offering a shortcut to tinker with your friends’ progress updates on the watch itself, so you will have to resort to your iPhone’s Activity app before we can begin. 1) Once opened on your iPhone, tap the Sharing button in the bottom right corner of your interface. 2) Select the friend inundating you with notifications. It does not matter what day you select (present or past) to get to the menu we are after. In my case, Christoph’s activity is seriously chipping away at my ego and it needs to stop. 3) After selecting the contact, scroll downward to unveil the submenu that might just become your saving grace. 4) Red on black and right below Christoph’s achievements today, the options read Mute Notifications and Hide my Activity. According to whether you like to just stop the progress updates or want to go in stealth mode yourself, tap either option. Remember that whatever you choose, it will only apply to this friend of yours. If you are sharing your activity with multiple contacts that means a good deal of customisability concerning who you want to be fully transparent with. As far as the Hide my Activity tab is concerned, activating it is going to prompt a grey remark noting You hid your Activity data from your friend at x:xx o’clock. Be aware that this is merely a temporary ban. As soon as it is lifted, your full data is going to be accessible again by said friend. Now enjoy the serenity, sit back and open that bag of chips you have been eyeballing for the last twenty minutes. No one will know! Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend How to use Activity sharing How to markup and annotate your own photos on iPhone or iPad Reminisce more efficiently with ‘Show Photos from this Day’ in iOS Deliveries gains full iOS 10/watchOS 3 support & many new features in latest update Related Topics Accessories, Activity, Activity Sharing, Apple, Apple Watch, Apple Watch 2, Apple Watch Nike+, Fitbit, How to, iOS, iOS 10, iPhone, iPhone 7, Tutorial, watchOS 3   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Wallpapers of the week: geometry pack Jailbreak tweaks of the week: OnceMore, Photicon, & more… The top stories of the week on iDB Photicon replaces your Photos app icon with a preview of your most recent picture AdaptiveColorAlerts colorizes all your alert messages to match anything behind them   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: OnceMore, Photicon, & more… Photicon replaces your Photos app icon with a preview of your most recent picture AdaptiveColorAlerts colorizes all your alert messages to match anything behind them Why to avoid third-party Cydia Substrate “patches” for the iOS 10 beta jailbreak OnceMore lets you repeat iPhone timers right from the Lock screen iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2017. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
Skip to content Military Technologies pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 January 20175 January 2017 by Clarion Releases Premium Double-DIN Multimedia Source Unit with Apple CarPlay Support CYPRESS, Calif., Jan. 5, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Clarion Corporation of America, a leader in automotive infotainment and advanced driver safety and assistance systems, announced today the introduction of NX807, the company’s first full-featured premium double DIN in-dash infotainment source unit featuring Apple CarPlay™ support. Serving as Clarion’s flagship audio source unit, the NX807 boasts an impressive array of premium features and capabilities that help it outshine the competition, including a high-definition 7-inch touch display, embedded GPS navigation, support for Pandora® and Bluetooth® music streaming and smartphone screen mirroring through HDMI.  When it comes to audio performance, Clarion’s NX807 clearly stands above the competition, offering a 15-band graphic equalizer, 96kHz/24-bit high-resolution playback of FLAC audio files, and a TOSLINK digital audio output interface for seamless integration with Clarion’s CES Innovation Award-winning Full Digital Sound™ component system – allowing users to experience true high-resolution playback of FLAC audio tracks sampled at 96kHz. The NX807 is Clarion’s first aftermarket source unit offered in the U.S. market to support Apple CarPlay, providing drivers a safer way to access the various benefits of having an iPhone®, such as Siri®, Maps, iTunes Radio® as well as all of the music streaming apps that currently support CarPlay. Additionally, the NX807 is fully compatible with Clarion’s Full Digital Sound (FDS) components system, which allows the unit to pass a high-resolution digital audio signal to an installed FDS processor. Clarion’s FDS processor separates high-resolution digital audio file into separate channels of digital audio and sends each channel to its respective FDS speaker. Clarion’s FDS system is unique in that it maintains a digital audio signal from the source until it reaches the speakers’ voice coils, where the digital audio signal is then turned into sound pressure. Unlike all other in-car component systems, Clarion’s FDS system never converts the digital audio signal to analog, ensuring that high-resolution digital audio is maintained without loss or added noise and artifacts from analog connections. Apple CarPlay is the smarter, safer way to use an iPhone in the car. Users can make and receive calls, access text messages, play music and get directions optimized for traffic conditions, all in a way that allows them to stay focused on the road. Apple CarPlay features Siri voice control in addition to working with touch screen controls. Corresponding audio, driving directions and phone calls are played through the vehicle’s speaker system. With Apple Maps, Apple CarPlay can predict where the user most likely wants to go by using destinations from recent e-mails, text messages, contacts and calendar entries. Users may also set destinations through a simple, conversational command to Siri. Apple CarPlay requires that an iPhone 5 or newer iPhone be plugged into the NX807 via a USB/Lightning® cable and have the latest version of iOS installed. In addition to supporting Apple CarPlay, Clarion has designed the NX807 with an array of features and specifications to deliver premium sound quality that will please even the most discerning of ears, including: “When it comes to in-car infotainment systems, one of the most sought after features is the ability to connect and use a smartphone as easily as possible and Apple CarPlay delivers a completely streamlined experience for iPhone users in that regard,” said Allen H. Gharapetian, Vice President of Marketing and Product Planning at Clarion Corporation of America. “As our flagship aftermarket automotive source unit for 2017, the NX807 was specifically designed for those who want a high-performance in-dash system that offers all of the infotainment benefits offered by top-of-the-line new cars, such as Apple CarPlay support, as well as other high-demand features like embedded navigation, Bluetooth hands-free calling and music streaming, SiriusXM®, multi-zone audio sources and more, without having to buy a brand new car. In addition, the NX807 provides full support for our revolutionary FDS high resolution audio system delivering a superior all digital sound experience like nothing else.” Key features of the Clarion NX807: The NX807 will be available in early Q1, 2017 through Clarion online retailers such as Amazon, Crutchfield, and Sonic Electronics. For more information about Clarion’s in-car products, please visit http://www.clarion.com/us/en/top.html. About Clarion http://www.clarion.com/us/en/corp/about-clarion/index.html Apple CarPlay, iPhone, Siri, and Lightning are trademarks of Apple Inc.   SOURCE Clarion Corporation of America Tagscommand, company, unit Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Leading Label Retailer Adds Printable Scale Labels to Their Product Line Next PostNext Pieris Pharmaceuticals to Host Investor Call Today to Discuss Servier Collaboration Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts SonnySave.com Launches New Responsive Website 16 January 2017 Sammy Networks startet Vertrieb von „Ramen Soul” – die englische Version des beliebten Ramen Shop-Managementspiels für Smartphones „Ramen Tamashii” mit über fünf Millionen Downloads 16 January 2017 Chinese Retail Giant Suning Unveils Artificial Intelligence Strategy at CES 16 January 2017 Ecoppia Completes 40MW Deployment in EDF RE /Arava-Power Middle Eastern Solar Park 16 January 2017 San Francisco Certified Auto Body Shop Collision Repair Service Update Launched 16 January 2017 Staten Island Magician Ventriloquist Birthday Party Magic Show Services Launched 16 January 2017 Clean and Clear Earns Esteemed 2016 Angie's List Super Service Award 16 January 2017 Las Vegas MMA Personal Training Get Fit Gym CrossFit Problems Report Launched 16 January 2017 Mueller Sports Medicine Introduces Omniforce Support Garments 16 January 2017 Orthofix International NV (NASDAQ:OFIX) Investor Investigation over potential Wrongdoing 16 January 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Leviton Announces Decora Smart In-Wall Dimmers and Switches with Apple HomeKit Support CES Announcement: New lighting control accessories for iPhone or iPad will be available in April 2017 News provided by Leviton Jan 05, 2017, 08:02 ET Share this article LAS VEGAS, Jan. 5, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- At the 2017 Consumer Electronics Show, Leviton today announced the development of new Decora Smart Apple HomeKit-enabled lighting control accessories for use with your iPhone or iPad, including in-wall dimmers and switches. Apple HomeKit technology provides an easy, secure way to control HomeKit-enabled accessories using Siri voice control on your iPhone or iPad or Apple's Home app.  The simple app-based setup and control allows professionals and end-users alike to easily install a Leviton HomeKit-enabled accessory and begin controlling lighting and loads from Apple's Home app or the free Decora Smart Home iOS app – no hubs or bridges required. Three new lighting and load control accessories from Leviton will include: 1000W Universal Dimmer (up to 450W LED) 600W Universal Dimmer (up to 300W LED) 15A Universal Rocker Switch (up to 600W LED) "This new line of Leviton HomeKit-enabled lighting control accessories expands and builds upon the Decora brand that consumers are familiar with and that professionals trust," said Richard Westfall, vice president and general manager of Leviton Energy Management, Controls & Automation. "Innovation has been a focus for Leviton since our founding 110 years ago, and from pioneering the Decora rocker light switch decades ago to adding support for HomeKit, Leviton continues to innovate the Decora brand in order to best meet the growing and expanding needs of homeowners, and this product line is the next step in the brand's evolution." Continue Reading Leviton Announces Decora Smart In-Wall Dimmers and Switches with Apple HomeKit Support The new lighting control accessories are engineered with advanced technology to function with extremely sensitive, low-wattage light sources, such as a single LED bulb in a hallway or a strand of holiday lights. The in-wall dimmer and rocker switches leverage the Decora form-factor pioneered by Leviton with true rocker paddles, making usage easy for guests and family members alike, even in the dark. The dimmers feature embedded LEDs to display the illumination level, but the LEDs vanish to afford a clean appearance. Leveraging the Decora wiring device platform, there is support for multi-way applications, such as hallways or staircases, in which one fixture is controlled by two devices. Common color change kits and screwless wallplates round out the smart offering. The free Leviton app, Decora Smart Home, will provide advanced lighting control and customizable settings, including bulb type, adjustable fade rate, minimum/maximum brightness levels and more. Leviton's HomeKit-enabled devices can leverage scenes including "Good Morning" and "Good Night", automation scheduling, third-party device integration and remote access capabilities. Further, Leviton HomeKit-enabled accessories respond to Siri, letting you dim/brighten or turn on/off with just your voice. "Leviton is ecstatic to take our popular Decora brand into the future with Decora Smart, starting with HomeKit-enabled devices," said Daryoush Larizadeh, president and chief operating officer for Leviton. "With no unnecessary steps or hardware bridges, our contractors, builders and end-users can create a smart home faster and easier than ever, using Leviton dimmers and switches that wire just like the traditional devices at a comfortable price point for smart technology." HomeKit provides advanced security with end-to-end encryption and authentication between a HomeKit-enabled accessory and your iPhone or iPad. After installing your Leviton accessories, configure settings from Apple's Home app with just a few simple steps, allowing you to easily turn on, off, dim or brighten an individual light or an entire room, zone, or home. Custom scenes can also be created in the Home app to control home settings, including automatically turning off the lights, locking the doors, closing the garage door and setting the thermostat to the desired temperature in just one step. Leviton Decora Smart HomeKit-enabled lighting control accessories will be available this April in all sales channels including electrical distribution, retail, and online vendors. Please email EMCAMarketing@leviton.com for more details. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/leviton-announces-decora-smart-in-wall-dimmers-and-switches-with-apple-homekit-support-300386148.html SOURCE Leviton Jan 09, 2017, 08:35 ET Preview: Leviton Expands Lighting Control Offering with New Toggle Slide Dimmers and Fan Speed Control Dec 05, 2016, 10:02 ET Preview: Leviton Acquires ConTech Lighting My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Jan 09, 2017, 08:35 ETLeviton Expands Lighting Control Offering with New Toggle Slide... Dec 05, 2016, 10:02 ETLeviton Acquires ConTech Lighting Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Consumer Electronics Electrical Utilities Green Technology New Products & Services You just read: Leviton Announces Decora Smart In-Wall Dimmers and Switches with Apple HomeKit Support News provided by Leviton Jan 05, 2017, 08:02 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Be first to read MaltaToday and save 40% with our digital edition. Get it now for only €50 per year Back MaltaToday Deals Jobs Pharmacies Restaurants My Account Logout Login to Digital Edition Register for SMS Alerts Sign-up with Facebook or enter your details manually below... First Name: Last Name: Email: Password: Hometown: Birthday: Create my account Sorry, we couldn't find that email. Existing users Email Send me a new password Password Login Sorry, we couldn't find those details. Enter Email Submit Sorry, we couldn't find that email. 16th January 2017 Get SMS Alerts Digital Edition Archives Search National Europe World Court & Police Interview Data & Surveys XTRA Budget 2017 Business News Business Comment Technology Law Report Mepa Watch Football Rugby Motor Sports Boxing Tennis Cricket Food Gourmet Today Health & Fitness Today Health Environment Travel Art Books Entertainment Music Theatre & Dance Film Cultural Diary Valletta 2018 Blogs Editorial Letters Cartoons Home News Business Sports Lifestyle Arts Comment Business News Business Comment Technology Law Report Mepa Watch Court & Police Updated | Woman killed in house fire Football BOV Premier League | Hibernians 2 – Floriana 2 National Prison administration insists allegations of discrimination are '... Football BOV Premier League | Balzan 1 – Birkirkara 1 World Iran will not re-negotiate nuclear deal – deputy foreign minist... Energy Refuelling of LNG floating storage unit complete National Bishops leave door to communion for divorced Catholics open National Government in contact with Air China over strategic partnership �... Court & Police Thief targets 90-year-old woman in Sliema National Muscat: Energy contracts to be published in coming days National Simon Busuttil: 'PN open to all those who are against Joseph Musc... Court & Police Arson attack in Haz-Zabbar targeting sergeant major’s residence Court & Police Luxury cars destroyed in Mosta showroom fire Europe Eight migrants die as boat capsizes off Libyan coast, 17-year-old... Interview Deal or no deal for Air Malta? | Edward Zammit Lewis Entertainment Curtain is coming down on US circus with epic 146-year run Home Business Technology China orders removal of New York Times app from Apple store Apple has withdrawn the New York Times from its China App Store, following a request from Chinese authorities 5 January 2017, 2:25pm Print Version Apple removed both the English-language and Chinese-language apps from the App Store in China on 23 December Apple has removed the New York Times from its China app store, the tech giant said, after authorities told the company the app breached regulations. According to the New York Times, Apple removed both the English-language and Chinese-language apps from the App Store in China on 23 December, claiming that the move was aimed at preventing readers in China "from accessing independent news coverage". "For some time now the New York Times app has not been permitted to display content to most users in China, and we have been informed that the app is in violation of local regulations," Apple spokeswoman Carolyn Wu said in a statement. "As a result, the app must be taken down off the China App Store." When the situation changes, she added, Apple will offer the app again for download in China. Western media have long been facing difficulties making their content available in China. The development marks the latest move by Beijing to suppress the newspaper's output in China, after the government blocked its website following a 2012 Times report saying that former Premier Wen Jiabao's family controlled assets worth $2.7 billion. China's Communist Party oversees a vast censorship apparatus designed to censor online content they deem politically sensitive, while blocking some Western websites and the services of Internet giants including Facebook, Twitter and Google. A Times spokeswoman said the company had asked Apple to reconsider its decision, it added. “The request by the Chinese authorities to remove our apps is part of their wider attempt to prevent readers in China from accessing independent news coverage by The New York Times of that country,” spokeswoman Eileen Murphy said. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Court & Police Updated | Woman killed in house fire Football BOV Premier League | Hibernians 2 – Floriana 2 National Prison administration insists allegations of discr... Football BOV Premier League | Balzan 1 – Birkirkara 1 World Iran will not re-negotiate nuclear deal – deputy... Energy Refuelling of LNG floating storage unit complete National Bishops leave door to communion for divorced Catho... National Government in contact with Air China over strategi... Court & Police Thief targets 90-year-old woman in Sliema National Muscat: Energy contracts to be published in coming... National Simon Busuttil: 'PN open to all those who are agai... Court & Police Arson attack in Haz-Zabbar targeting sergeant majo... Court & Police Luxury cars destroyed in Mosta showroom fire Europe Eight migrants die as boat capsizes off Libyan coa... Interview Deal or no deal for Air Malta? | Edward Zammit Lew... Deals Trending Articles 1 Football BOV Premier League | Hibernians 2 – Floriana 2 2 Court & Police Updated | Woman killed in house fire 3 National Bishops leave door to communion for divorced Catholics open 4 Energy Refuelling of LNG floating storage unit complete 5 World Iran will not re-negotiate nuclear deal – deputy foreign minister Latest Business News Moody’s agrees to pay $864 million to US, states over pre-financial crisis ratings Business News 14-01 Moody's agrees to pay $864 million to US justice department, 21 states and the District of Columbia for its risky mortgage security rati... Retail sentiment shoots up but industrial, consumer confidence dips Business News 14-01 Public sentiment in retail sector shoots up but consumer and industrial confidence dips slightly, according to Central Bank report Deficit in third quarter down to record low Business News 13-01 The government deficit for the period between July and September stood at €2.4m Stop posting sexually explicit photos on Facebook, parents urged Technology 13-01 Parents who post Facebook pictures of themselves and their children in revealing outfits 'setting a bad example'  Trump effect fading | Calamatta Cuschieri Business Comment 13-01 Global markets were moving south on Thursday, as investors eyed fresh corporate reports and digested the latest remarks by President-elect D... follow us on facebook MaltaToday Digital Edition Archives Deals About Us Privacy Policy   Terms and conditions   Advertising rates   maltatoday@mediatoday.com.mt   +356 21382741 MediaToday is an independent media house based in Malta. Copyright © MediaToday Co. Ltd, Vjal ir-Rihan, San Gwann SGN 9016, Malta, Europe Reproduction of material from this website without written permission is strictly prohibited.
Investing Trading Strategies0 Why Sears Is Still the Most Dangerous Stock on Wall Street Trading Strategies0 Part Two: Big Changes Will Produce Big Profits for Savvy Investors 0 2017: Big Changes Will Produce Big Profits for Savvy Investors 0 Know Exactly What to Buy, What to Sell, and How to Protect Your Money in 2017 Wall Street2 Five "Outrageous" Profit Plays We'll Make in 2017 0 Five of My Most "Outrageous" Profit Plays in 2017 Get the Latest Trading Insight with Keith Fitz-Gerald Total Wealth Research Subscribe to this free eLetter! High Velocity Profits Private service. Not a member? The Money Map Report Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Keith Fitz-Gerald Keith Fitz-Gerald close Trading Investing Ideas0 Readers' Questions That I Couldn't Help but Answer Investing Ideas0 Why Trump's Deregulation Domino Effect Could Have a Huge Impact on Your Investment Future 1 Our Biggest New Year's Fears… and Why We'll Be Fine Wall Street3 These Five Steps Can Fix America's Markets for Everyone in 2017 0 Market Outlook 2017: Where to Invest – and What to Avoid – in the New Year 0 How You Can Profit from Trump's Energy Deregulation Agenda Get the Latest Trading Insight with Shah Gilani Wall Street Insights & Indictments Subscribe to this free eLetter! Captial Wave Forecast Private service. Not a member? Short-Side Fortunes Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Shah Gilani Shah Gilani close Credit Markets Global Markets0 Two Ways the Government Is Lying to You Right Now 0 Don't Throw Money at This Piece of Garbage Trading Strategies1 My 2017 Stock Outlook Offers Something You Won't Get Anywhere Else 0 This Investment Strategy Is Completely Driven By Fake News (And It's A Real Danger) 0 My Full 2017 Market Forecast 0 My 2016 Report Card (The Good, The Bad and The Ugly) Get the Latest Markets Insight with Michael Lewitt Sure Money Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Learn more about Michael Lewitt Michael Lewitt close Options Options0 The One Reason Faraday Will Not Become the Next Tesla Options0 Avoid the Most Dangerous Inauguration "Advice" Trending Right Now 0 Four Ways Trump Will Move the Stock Market Starting Jan. 20 Trading Strategies0 The Money Calendar Shows Some Market Chop in 2017 0 This "New Year's Resolution" Could Double Your Income by February 1 0 The Three "New Year" Trading Tips You Need to Know Get the Latest Options Insight with Tom Gentile Power Profit Trades Subscribe to this free eLetter! Money Calendar Alert Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Tom Gentile Tom Gentile close Technology Technology0 Marijuana Investing Will Still Produce Big Profits in 2017 0 Don't Even Think About These "Tech Turkeys" of 2017 0 Despite What This "King" Says, Trump's Plan Will Inflate These Tech Plays Stocks2 Don't Worry: Marijuana Investing in 2017 Will Be Even Better Than 2016 1 These Tech Plays Are "Ready for Prime Time" in 2017 0 This Year's Hottest Toy Is Full of AI Get the Latest Technology Insight with Michael Robinson Strategic Tech Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Nova-X Report Private service. Not a member? Radical Technology Profits Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Robinson Michael Robinson close Energy Oil0 The Little-Known Energy Sector That's Now in Trump's Crosshairs 0 Exactly How Rising U.S. Production Is Affecting You 0 How Trump's Exxon Pick Is Changing Global Oil Markets 0 Why Iran's New Oil Contract Won't Change a Thing Oil1 Your 2017 Oil Price Forecast Energy0 Why I'm Paying Close Attention to the Looming UK Blackout Get the Latest Oil & Energy Insight with Dr. Kent Moors Oil & Energy Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Energy Advantage Private service. Not a member? Energy Inner Circle Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Dr. Moors Dr. Kent Moors close LoginMy Member Benefitsarchivesresearchyour teamabout usFAQLog out Share This Article Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google+ Reddit Print Email Pinterest Delicious StumbleUpon Gmail Yahoo Tumblr Digg Private Briefing with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor These 12 Moves Will Save Your (Financial) Life In a talk earlier this week, I urged you to make 2017 the best year possible. And I promised to help you along that journey. Full Story This is premium content for paid-up Private Briefing subscribers only. How would you like to put an extra $125,000 in your nest egg? You can potentially do it this year - and you'll only have to risk $20 to learn how. Click here. Our FlagshipMoney Morning Michael A. Robinson'sStrategic Tech Investor Shah Gilani'sWall Street Insights & Indictments Access YourProfit Alerts Keith Fitz-Gerald'sTotal Wealth Dr. Kent Moors'Oil & Energy Investor Tom Gentile'sPower Profit Trades Michael Lewitt's Sure Money Research ServicesMoney Map Press Archives Research Your Team About Us FAQ Videos Login to My Account Visit Money Map Press Forget your password? Not a member? Investing Trading Strategies0 Why Sears Is Still the Most Dangerous Stock on Wall Street Trading Strategies0 Part Two: Big Changes Will Produce Big Profits for Savvy Investors 0 2017: Big Changes Will Produce Big Profits for Savvy Investors 0 Know Exactly What to Buy, What to Sell, and How to Protect Your Money in 2017 Wall Street2 Five "Outrageous" Profit Plays We'll Make in 2017 0 Five of My Most "Outrageous" Profit Plays in 2017 Get the Latest Trading Insight with Keith Fitz-Gerald Total Wealth Research Subscribe to this free eLetter! High Velocity Profits Private service. Not a member? The Money Map Report Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Keith Fitz-Gerald Keith Fitz-Gerald close Trading Investing Ideas0 Readers' Questions That I Couldn't Help but Answer Investing Ideas0 Why Trump's Deregulation Domino Effect Could Have a Huge Impact on Your Investment Future 1 Our Biggest New Year's Fears… and Why We'll Be Fine Wall Street3 These Five Steps Can Fix America's Markets for Everyone in 2017 0 Market Outlook 2017: Where to Invest – and What to Avoid – in the New Year 0 How You Can Profit from Trump's Energy Deregulation Agenda Get the Latest Trading Insight with Shah Gilani Wall Street Insights & Indictments Subscribe to this free eLetter! Captial Wave Forecast Private service. Not a member? Short-Side Fortunes Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Shah Gilani Shah Gilani close Credit Markets Global Markets0 Two Ways the Government Is Lying to You Right Now 0 Don't Throw Money at This Piece of Garbage Trading Strategies1 My 2017 Stock Outlook Offers Something You Won't Get Anywhere Else 0 This Investment Strategy Is Completely Driven By Fake News (And It's A Real Danger) 0 My Full 2017 Market Forecast 0 My 2016 Report Card (The Good, The Bad and The Ugly) Get the Latest Markets Insight with Michael Lewitt Sure Money Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Learn more about Michael Lewitt Michael Lewitt close Options Options0 The One Reason Faraday Will Not Become the Next Tesla Options0 Avoid the Most Dangerous Inauguration "Advice" Trending Right Now 0 Four Ways Trump Will Move the Stock Market Starting Jan. 20 Trading Strategies0 The Money Calendar Shows Some Market Chop in 2017 0 This "New Year's Resolution" Could Double Your Income by February 1 0 The Three "New Year" Trading Tips You Need to Know Get the Latest Options Insight with Tom Gentile Power Profit Trades Subscribe to this free eLetter! Money Calendar Alert Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Tom Gentile Tom Gentile close Technology Technology0 Marijuana Investing Will Still Produce Big Profits in 2017 0 Don't Even Think About These "Tech Turkeys" of 2017 0 Despite What This "King" Says, Trump's Plan Will Inflate These Tech Plays Stocks2 Don't Worry: Marijuana Investing in 2017 Will Be Even Better Than 2016 1 These Tech Plays Are "Ready for Prime Time" in 2017 0 This Year's Hottest Toy Is Full of AI Get the Latest Technology Insight with Michael Robinson Strategic Tech Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Nova-X Report Private service. Not a member? Radical Technology Profits Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Robinson Michael Robinson close Energy Oil0 The Little-Known Energy Sector That's Now in Trump's Crosshairs 0 Exactly How Rising U.S. Production Is Affecting You 0 How Trump's Exxon Pick Is Changing Global Oil Markets 0 Why Iran's New Oil Contract Won't Change a Thing Oil1 Your 2017 Oil Price Forecast Energy0 Why I'm Paying Close Attention to the Looming UK Blackout Get the Latest Oil & Energy Insight with Dr. Kent Moors Oil & Energy Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Energy Advantage Private service. Not a member? Energy Inner Circle Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Dr. Moors Dr. Kent Moors close HOME Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: Don't Sell Apple Stock on Those iPhone Production Cut Reports Message: URL: http://mney.co/2hTXfkb  +  9  =  eighteen Required Please enter the correct value. Share Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: Don't Sell Apple Stock on Those iPhone Production Cut Reports Message: URL: http://mney.co/2hTXfkb  +  four  =  11 Required Please enter the correct value. get daily headlines subscribe now! today's private briefing Twitter Appleno responses Don't Sell Apple Stock on Those iPhone Production Cut Reports By David Zeiler, Associate Editor, Money Morning • @DavidGZeiler • January 4, 2017 Start the conversation Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website two  ×   =  ten Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Let's be clear: Investors should not sell Apple stock based on worries about slumping iPhone 7 sales. The Nikkei Asian Review triggered this latest episode of hand-wringing over Apple Inc. (Nasdaq: AAPL) stock. In a Dec. 31 report, Nikkei said the Cupertino, Calif.-based tech giant would trim its iPhone 7 production by 10%. The estimate is "based on data from suppliers." Other news outlets were quick to repeat the story. Most also pointed out that Apple cut production of the iPhone 6s by 20% a year ago due to excessive inventory. Some of the headlines were downright glum. "The iPhone 7 may not be selling as well as Apple hoped," warned Engadget. That's the sort of headline that gets investors wondering whether they should sell AAPL stock. Such media chatter immediately raises questions about the health of Apple's overall business. The iPhone, after all, accounts for about two-thirds of the company's profits. But it doesn't mean that selling Apple stock now is a good idea… Why Investors Shouldn't Sell Apple Stock on iPhone News Even assuming the Nikkei report is true (it has a solid reputation), a 10% cut in iPhone 7 production doesn't necessarily mean it's selling more slowly than the iPhone 6s. According to current FactSet estimates, the iPhone 7 is expected to outsell last year's iPhone 6s in both the December quarter (Apple's fiscal Q1) and the next two quarters. Don't Miss: How to Profit from the Same Trend That Drove Stocks Up 1,262% in the 80s and 90s Last year Apple sold 74.8 million iPhones models in its Q1. FactSet is forecasting sales of 78 million units of the iPhone in the just-ended December quarter. In Q2 2016, Apple sold 51.2 million iPhones. The FactSet estimate for Q2 2017 is for sales of 54 million iPhones. In Q3 2016, Apple sold 40.4 million iPhones. The FactSet consensus predicts 43 million iPhones will be sold in Q3 2017. Find Out More About Apple We've put together answers to some commonly asked questions about Apple: What are the most surprising facts about Apple? Which companies are Apple's biggest suppliers? What are the most important events in Apple's history? So things aren't as dire as the headlines suggest. It's also useful to remember that Apple continues to vacuum up virtually all of the profits in the global smartphone market despite its modest 13.2% share of unit sales. According to BMO Capital Markets, Apple collected 103.6% of the world's smartphone profits in the third quarter of 2016. (Apple can exceed 100% because of perennial money losers like manufacturers HTC and LG.) Samsung was a very distant second with 0.9% of the profits. That alone is a strong argument for investors not to sell Apple stock. But while Apple stock may trade sideways in the near term, there's a good reason to expect AAPL to pop later in 2017… Why AAPL Stock Will Have a Profitable 2017 Join the conversation. Click here to jump to comments… (0) COMMENTS (0) FACEBOOK COMMENTS TAGS Tags: Apple stock Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website six  −   =  2 Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Private Briefing with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor TODAY'S INSIGHT These 12 Moves Will Save Your (Financial) Life Forget your password? Not a member? Expert Content Articles By Keith Fitz-Gerald Trading StrategiesWhy Sears Is Still the Most Dangerous Stock on Wall Street Trading StrategiesPart Two: Big Changes Will Produce Big Profits for Savvy Investors trading strategies2017: Big Changes Will Produce Big Profits for Savvy Investors TechnologyMarijuana Investing Will Still Produce Big Profits in 2017 Technology ArticleDon't Even Think About These "Tech Turkeys" of 2017 Technology ArticleDespite What This "King" Says, Trump's Plan Will Inflate These Tech Plays Investing IdeasReaders' Questions That I Couldn't Help but Answer Investing IdeasWhy Trump's Deregulation Domino Effect Could Have a Huge Impact on Your Investment Future Investing Ideas1Our Biggest New Year's Fears… and Why We'll Be Fine OilThe Little-Known Energy Sector That's Now in Trump's Crosshairs OilExactly How Rising U.S. Production Is Affecting You OilHow Trump's Exxon Pick Is Changing Global Oil Markets Technology2This “Digital Hostage Crisis” Play Is All Upside Trading Strategies1How to Profit When Company Insiders Buy Their Own Stock Trading StrategiesThese Picks Will Pay You a Different Kind of Dividend Latest News January 15, 2017 By D.R. Barton, Jr. Leave a Comment Meet the New Box, Same as the Old Box January 13, 2017 By Casey Wilson Leave a Comment What’s Happening to U.S. Companies? A Look at 2017’s Mass Layoffs January 13, 2017 By Garrett Baldwin Leave a Comment Dow Jones Industrial Average Today Slides Despite Positive Round of Banking Earnings Reports Trending Posts 6941 Reads 111 Likes A List of Marijuana Stocks to Watch in 2017 3553 Reads 49 Likes Outlook: Gold and Silver Investors Will Look Mighty Smart in 2017 2016 was a bit of a letdown for gold and silver investors, but the bottom is in, the correction is over, and Peter's 2017 gold and silver price targets look very bullish. Today's Markets DJIA -5.27 (0.03%) 19,885.73 NASDAQ 26.63 (0.48%) 5,574.12 S&P 4.20 (0.18%) 2,274.64 AAPL 0.21 (0.18%) 119.04 ABOUT MONEY MORNING Money Morning gives you access to a team of ten market experts with more than 250 years of combined investing experience – for free. Our experts – who have appeared on FOXBusiness, CNBC, NPR, and BloombergTV – deliver daily investing tips and stock picks, provide analysis with actions to take, and answer your biggest market questions. Our goal is to help our millions of e-newsletter subscribers and Moneymorning.com visitors become smarter, more confident investors. QUICK LINKS About Us How Money Morning Works FAQs Contact Us Search Article Archive Forgot Username/Password Login to Private Briefing FREE NEWSLETTERS Strategic Tech Investor Oil & Energy Investor Total Wealth Research Wall Street Insights & Indictments Power Profit Trades Sure Money Investor PREMIUM SERVICES Money Map Press Home Money Map Report Energy Advantage Nova-X Report Private BriefingEnergy Inner Circle High Velocity Profits Biotech Insider Alert Capital Wave Forecast Radical Technology Profits Stealth Profits Trader Short-Side Fortunes The Delta Factor Money Calendar Alert Weekly Cash Clock Zenith Trading Circle Get In Touch Like Our Page Follow Us © 2017 Money Morning All Rights Reserved. Protected by copyright of the United States and international treaties. Any reproduction, copying, or redistribution (electronic or otherwise, including the world wide web), of content from this webpage, in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited without the express written permission of Money Morning. Address: 16 W. Madison St. Baltimore, MD, 21201 | Phone: 888.384.8339 I Disclaimer | Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Whitelist Us
TechRepublic Search GO CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation More Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out TechRepublic Search GO Topics: CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out Security Apple's iCloud Keychain: The smart person's guide This is a comprehensive guide to iCloud Keychain, Apple's cloud-based version of its iOS and macOS password, private key, and certificate management software. By Cory Bohon | January 4, 2017, 6:47 AM PST RSS Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus Icon via Apple Inc. There's a lot of password management software available for the Mac and iOS, but none quite compares to iCloud Keychain, Apple's built-in implementation. iCloud Keychain has been around since the very beginning of iOS, and it made its debut on the Mac with Mac OS 8.6. The Keychain, as it's commonly referred to in the Apple ecosystem, is Apple's password manager, but it does so much more, and not just for website passwords, either. It stores passwords from across macOS (FTP servers, SSH accounts, wireless network passwords, encrypted disk passwords); it stores private keys used to access various services or sign apps for Apple's developer programs; and it handles storing certificates, secure notes, and even saved credit cards in Safari's form filler. The Keychain does all of this while maintaining the security of the information stored in its database. More about IT Security Gallery: The 10 biggest business hacks of 2016 Experts predict 2017's biggest cybersecurity threats Electronics-sniffing dogs: How K9s became a secret weapon for solving high-tech crimes Subscribe to TechRepublic's Cybersecurity Insider newsletter Third-party apps can also store information in the Keychain. This is really where the power comes in, because developers that don't know much about security can protect their users' privacy by using Apple's APIs for Keychain. You may frequently interface with the Keychain when entering passwords in Safari. If you get a prompt to save the password, this will store the password safely in Keychain; when AutoFill is turned on, it will resurface your password when you visit the site in the future, giving you one-click login ability. iCloud Keychain is Apple's attempt to make the Keychain sync and be available across all of your devices, and they've done an excellent job of integrating this feature into the system and making it secure. The one downside to the Keychain is that it's only stored locally on each of your devices. Be sure to check our iCloud Keychain guide for the latest information about the Keychain. SEE: Check out all of TechRepublic's smart person's guides. Executive summary What it is: iCloud Keychain is a way to store your usernames, passwords, and app sign-on information and sync it between your devices using Apple's iCloud services. Why it matters: Typing passwords into websites in Safari and in apps can be time-consuming. Plus, with iCloud Keychain, you can use more secure passwords because you no longer have to type them manually. Who this affects: Apple customers who have an iOS or macOS device and iCloud account can take advantage of this feature. When it was released: Apple iCloud entered service October 12, 2011 after being announced at the 2011 Apple Worldwide Developer's Conference (WWDC). iCloud Keychain has been available since WWDC 2013 and was originally introduced for iOS 7 and Mac OS X Mavericks. How to get it: An iCloud setup assistant is built into iPhones, iPads, and Macs. Apple offers directions for setting up iCloud on iOS and Macs. A free iCloud account can take advantage of this iCloud Keychain syncing feature. SEE: Password Management Policy (Tech Pro Research) What it is iCloud Keychain stores your usernames, passwords, and app sign-on information and syncs it between your devices using Apple's iCloud services. The Keychain keeps your information secured using a two-factor authentication mechanism: First, you need to be signed into your iCloud account on the device, and then another trusted device must be used to approve the newly connected device to be used with iCloud Keychain. This is separate from the iCloud two-factor authentication, which is also recommended. When you enable iCloud Keychain, all of these features are included for free with your free iCloud account—there's nothing to purchase additionally: it syncs Safari usernames, passwords, and credit card information across devices; it syncs Wi-Fi network information and keeps it up to date on all devices; it syncs service logins like Facebook, Twitter, and LinkedIn across all devices when signed in through the Settings app; and it keeps Mail, Contacts, Calendar, and Messages accounts in sync with usernames and passwords for servers across all devices. iCloud Keychain works with iOS devices that are running iOS 7.0.3 or later, and Macs running macOS 10.9 or later. Additional resources: iCloud Keychain FAQ (Apple) iCloud Keychain availability by country (Apple) iCloud Security and Privacy Overview (Apple) Apple iCloud: The smart person's guide (TechRepublic) How to store and manage web passwords in mobile Safari (TechRepublic) Apple's Keychain: The solution and the problem with password managers (ZDNet) Why it matters Keeping Safari AutoFill information, Wi-Fi networks, email accounts, and more in sync is a task, and until iCloud Keychain, you needed to do all of this manually. Fortunately, iCloud Keychain makes this a lot easier, and does so without any hit to security and privacy. The tight system integration that Apple can provide with iCloud Keychain is unmatched by any third-party service or app, because Apple can integrate it with all of the built-in apps, including Mail, Safari, and Calendar. Also, third-party apps can securely store usernames, passwords, and secure data inside the Keychain. Additional resources: The end of passwords? Not in the near future (TechRepublic) Worried about identity theft? Then you should avoid these password pitfalls (TechRepublic) The real reason companies don't take security seriously: Their money isn't on the line (TechRepublic) Police can force you to give up your iPhone password, Florida court rules (TechRepublic) Beyond passwords: Tech companies seek next generation of security (CBS News) The guide to password security (and why you should care) (CNET) BYOD Policy (Tech Pro Research) Who it affects Keychain has been around for a long time, originating on Mac OS 8.6, but it has evolved a lot over the years to include additional support for sensitive information. To use iCloud Keychain, you must have an iCloud account set up, and use a compatible operating system. iCloud Keychain is compatible with iOS 7.0.3 and later and macOS 10.9 (Mavericks) and later. Additional resources: Executive's guide to Apple in the enterprise (free ebook) (TechRepublic) 4 of the best password management tools for iOS (TechRepublic) Five password management apps that will work on all your devices (TechRepublic) 1Password: The smart person's guide (TechRepublic) LastPass: The smart person's guide (TechRepublic) Firms that force you to change your password are clueless says cyber security chief (TechRepublic) Changing your password regularly is a terrible idea, and here's why (ZDNet) Home usage of company-owned equipment policy (Tech Pro Research) How to enable it It's super simple to enable iCloud Keychain compared to many password management services. To enable the Keychain, you first need to make sure you're signed in with iCloud. For iOS, follow these steps: Open the Settings app. Select iCloud | Keychain. Enable the Switch for Keychain. Follow the on-screen instructions for creating an encryption password and recovery details. On macOS, follow these steps: Open System Preferences. Select the iCloud preference pane. Select Keychain. Enter your Apple ID and password, and then follow the on-screen setup instructions. If you previously enabled iCloud Keychain, you'll need to activate iCloud Keychain on your new devices by having another registered iCloud Keychain device to approve the new device for use with iCloud Keychain. This provides another layer of security on top of your iCloud username and password, and/or two-factor authentication on your iCloud account. For more information, visit the Apple support website on how to set up iCloud Keychain. Additional resources: Make use of the iCloud Keychain (CNET) How to retrieve iCloud Keychain passwords on iOS (CNET) 5 ways to secure OS X (TechRepublic) 5 more ways to secure OS X (TechRepublic) How to set up Activation Lock on iOS devices (TechRepublic) For Mac and iOS tips and tricks, subscribe to our Apple Weekly newsletter. Subscribe Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus About Cory Bohon Cory Bohon is an indie developer specializing in iOS and OS X development. He runs a software company called Cocoa App and is also a developer at MartianCraft. He was introduced to technology at an early age and has been writing about his favorite te... Full Bio Contact Disclosure See all of Cory's content × Disclosure Cory Bohon is an indie developer, creating both iOS and OS X applications at Cocoa App (his own company), MartianCraft, and for various other clients. As a part of full disclosure, he does not write about any software that he has created or has helped to create through these outlets. × Full Bio Cory Bohon is an indie developer specializing in iOS and OS X development. He runs a software company called Cocoa App and is also a developer at MartianCraft. He was introduced to technology at an early age and has been writing about his favorite technology part-time since 2007. He runs a development blog named ObjDev when he isn’t writing about consumer tech. Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Editor's Picks Inside Amazon's clickworker platform: How half a million people are paid pennies to train AI How K9s became a secret weapon for solving high-tech crimes How driverless cars will be the first robots we learn to trust #WeAreNotWaiting: Diabetics are hacking their health Free Newsletters, In your Inbox Tech News You Can Use We deliver the top business tech news stories about the companies, the people, and the products revolutionizing the planet. Delivered Daily Subscribe Best of the Week Our editors highlight the TechRepublic articles, galleries, and videos that you absolutely cannot miss to stay current on the latest IT news, innovations, and tips. Delivered Fridays Subscribe Latest From Tech Pro Research Research: 3D Printing 2017: Benefits, trends, enterprise applications IT leader’s guide to the Dark Web Severance policy Hiring kit: Robotics engineer Services About Us Membership Newsletters RSS Feeds Site Map Site Help & Feedback FAQ Advertise Reprint Policy Explore Blogs Downloads TechRepublic Forums Meet the Team Tech Pro Research Resource Library Photos Videos © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement A ZDNet site | Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBS InteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundClickerCNETCollege NetworkGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTech Pro ResearchTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Opinion: Does Apple need to make an Amazon Echo/Google Home speaker, or just make Siri better? Trending in Apple 10 years on, how the iPhone changed our lives, reactions from the 9to5Mac team Trending in Apple Apple’s AirPods and the best cord-free competition compared Trending in Apple 2017 & Beyond: What’s next for Mac, and what of its longer-term future? Trending in Apple Comment: OWC’s ‘DEC’ attachment highlights the portability progress Apple has made with the MacBook Pro Trending in Apple Opinion: Why the LG 5K UltraFine isn’t the MacBook Pro display I’m looking for January 5 AAPL: 116.61 0.59 Developers earned $20 billion from App Store in 2016, Jan 1st 2017 set single day sales record with $240 million revenue Benjamin Mayo - Jan. 5th 2017 5:35 am PT @bzamayo Apple View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple has just announced that the holiday season set another new record for the App Store with app sales on the 1st January 2017 topping $240 million. Across December, Apple customers made $3 billion worth of purchases from the App Store. In total, the company announced developers made $20 billion from the App Store across 2016, up 40% compared to the previous year. Top markets includes the US, UK, Japan and China with 90 percent revenue growth compared to 2015 … In the press release, Apple said New Years Day was the highest single day for the App Store with more than $240 million in revenue from apps and in-app purchases. The growth was driven by Pokemon Go, Super Mario Run and other titles. The App Store now offers 2.2 million apps, up 20% from last year. Apple SVP Phil Schiller described the App Store’s growth as ‘record-shattering’. “2016 was a record-shattering year for the App Store, generating $20 billion for developers, and 2017 is off to a great start with January 1 as the single biggest day ever on the App Store,” said Philip Schiller, Apple’s senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. “We want to thank our entire developer community for the many innovative apps they have created — which together with our products — help to truly enrich people’s lives.” The top grossing apps of the last year included Monster Strike, Fantasy Westward, Clash Royale and Pokemon Go. Super Mario Run was the #1 app (counting total downloads) globally on Christmas Day and New Years Day. Apple also announced that subscription revenue also rose substantially in 2016, to $2.7 billion an increase of 74 percent from 2015. Media apps like Netflix and HBO led subscription sales, but social networking apps like Tinder and Line also hit the top grossing charts. CNBC asked Schiller about developer satisfaction, with some surveys suggesting the best days of the App Store have passed. Schiller said that he will “let the success of the App Store speak for itself” and “there is a lot of success ahead for developers.” blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Apple Apps Tech Apple's App Store just had the most successful month of sales ever New, 20 comments And games are still the biggest moneymakers by Lauren Goode@LaurenGoode Jan 5, 2017, 8:30am EST share tweet Linkedin Apple’s App Store had its biggest month of sales in the history of the store in December 2016, according to Phil Schiller, the company’s senior vice president of worldwide marketing. In an interview with The Verge, Schiller said that the App Store made $3 billion in revenue in December, from a combination of in-app purchases, paid downloads, and fees for subscriptions. He also said that the App Store, which first launched back in 2008, has ballooned to 2.2 million apps; and that app makers were paid out $20 billion dollars in 2016, up 40 percent from a year ago. Doing some back-of-the-envelope math — and assuming 30 percent of the total app money went to Apple, not 15 percent — that means Apple made around $8.57 billion in App Store revenue last year. App subscriptions made up $2.7 billion of that, which Apple says is a double-digit increase, but it’s still a much smaller sliver of the pie than in-app purchases. Maybe not surprisingly, Pokémon Go was the most downloaded app of the year, and the fifth highest-grossing app in the App Store. 'Pokémon Go' was the most downloaded app of the year The App Store numbers — and Apple’s willingness to share them — is Apple’s first significant App Store update since the company announced a bunch of changes to the store in June 2016 and subsequently rolled them out in September. In June, Apple said that it would open up subscriptions to all 25 categories of app makers — not just games, or video apps, or cloud services — and that it would offer a sweeter revenue-sharing deal for app makers who were able to maintain subscribers for a long time. It also marked Apple’s first foray into search ads in the App Store, which Schiller says have had a better than 50 percent conversion rate into actual downloads. Last month Schiller tweeted that November 2016 marked the App Store’s biggest month ever in terms of purchases, but confirmed that December’s $3 billion figure tops the month before. Most of the App Store revenue still comes from games, Schiller said. What we still don’t know about App Store numbers, because Apple declined to share: how much of that subscription revenue came from developers who were incentivized to offer subs after September; and how much of the App Store revenue comes from iOS versus other platforms, such as macOS, tvOS, or watchOS (though apps for iPhone likely make up the bulk of that). App revenue in China grew 90 percent from last year Another notable data point: while the US is still Apple’s biggest market for the App Store, the Chinese market has grown a whopping 90 percent from a year ago. This only underscores that China is a crucial market for Apple in terms of both hardware sales and services. It’s also happening at a time when the Chinese government is wielding its power over content that it deems "harmful information." Just yesterday, it was reported that Apple removed The New York Times’ English-language and Chinese-language apps from the App Store after the Chinese government requested it. Schiller declined to comment on the removal of The New York Times apps from the App Store in China. More From The Verge The Nintendo Switch will launch on March 3rd for $299 Tony Fadell tells us the story of the iPod-based iPhone prototype What to expect from Nintendo’s Switch event Trump leak raises new questions about Telegram security Mossberg: Streaming TV is beginning to look a lot like cable The ultimate conspiracy: a conspiracy against Reddit’s conspiracy community? Now Trending Apple removes app that let you find your AirPods Rogue One's reshoots show how Disney saved the first standalone Star Wars movie This disassembled Aston Martin DB11 engine is engineering pornography This Article has a component height of 13. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Tech Amazon Amazon is seeking FCC permission to conduct wireless technology tests by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak Last week, Amazon.com filed an application with the Federal Communications Commission, seeking permission to run experiments on a number of frequency bands that might have some connection to the company’s work with delivery drones. The... New, 0 comments Entertainment Film Star Wars Rogue One's reshoots show how Disney saved the first standalone Star Wars movie by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak Now that Rogue One: A Star Wars Story has been out in theaters for a month, the veil of secrecy has been lifted and we’ve learned quite a lot about about how the film came together. This is pretty typical for most movies, save for the fact that R... New, 9 comments TL;DR Entertainment TV Jude Law had no idea what a meme was before The Young Pope by Kwame Opam@kwameopam Jude Law evidently isn’t a child of the internet. Despite playing the Church’s holiest supervillain in HBO’s The Young Pope, Law was unprepared for how easily the show could be turned into memes. In fact, he had no idea what memes were before the... New, 5 comments Google Tech Transportation Google takes another step towards launching its own self-driving Uber-killer with new patent by Andrew J . Hawkins@andyjayhawk Google has a lot of self-driving cars that have driven a lot of miles, but so far, no commercial use for them. But that could change if the Silicon Valley giant pursues its rumored plans of developing an autonomous ride-sharing network to compete... New, 3 comments Advice How to be human How to be human: it’s not you, it’s them — no, really by Leah Reich Leah Reich was one of the first internet advice columnists. Her column "Ask Leah" ran on IGN, where she gave advice to gamers for two and a half years. During the day, Leah is Slack’s user researcher, but her views here do not represent her... Business Entertainment Culture Ringling Brothers and Barnum & Bailey Circus will shut down in May 2017 by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak A year after it announced that it would no longer use elephants in its performances, the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus will hold its final performances in May of this year. The Cirus’s parent company, Feld Entertainment Inc, revealed... New, 1 comment Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Property Propertynews.com Property For Sale Property For Rent Agent Search Jobs niJobfinder Recruit NI Cars usedcarsni.com Classifieds Belfast Telegraph Classifieds For Sale Family Notices Place your ad Travel Travel Home Delivery Belfast Telegraph Studio Subscribe Newsletters Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ UK Website Of The Year Hi °C | Lo °C | WEATHER Athlone Bray Cork Drogheda Dundalk Galway Kilkenny Limerick Navan Waterford Home News Northern Ireland UK Republic of Ireland World Brexit Health Politics Sunday Life Graduations Sport Football Live Scores Premier League Fixtures Premier League Local Football Scottish International FA and League Cups The Park - Grassroots Football Rugby Ulster Rugby Guinness PRO12 Six Nations European Champions Cup Schools Cup GAA Antrim Armagh Cavan Derry Donegal Down Fermanagh Monaghan Tyrone Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Other Sports Belfast Giants Boxing Tennis Cricket Cycling Horse Racing Hockey Columnists Paul Lindsay Declan Bogue Billy on the box Running Sports Awards Business Business News Appointments Commercial Property Money Help & Advice Opinion Viewpoint John Simpson The Big Interview Economy Watch Company Profiles Food and Drink Awards Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Belfast Festival Tech Life Fashion & beauty Motoring House and Home Property Awards Food & Drink Recipes Restaurant Reviews Food & Drink Magazine Features Books Horoscopes Running Women Awards Family Life December 2016 September 2016 April 2016 February 2016 Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Fionola Meredith Gail Walker Lindy McDowell Robert Fisk Jane Graham Alf McCreary Frances A Burscough Ruth Dudley Edwards Johnny Andrews Bill White Will Chambré Noel McAdam Archive People Events Places Titanic Belfast 400 Ulster Covenant Travel 2017 Travel Guide Video In Pictures Search Go Home › News › Republic of Ireland Apple boss accused of snubbing the Dail over refusal to attend tax bill hearings Published 05/01/2017 0 Comments Share Apple boss accused of snubbing the Dail over refusal to attend tax bill hearings BelfastTelegraph.co.uk Apple boss Tim Cook has been accused of snubbing the Dail after refusing to attend hearings on a 13 billion euro tax bill that the company was hit with. http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/republic-of-ireland/apple-boss-accused-of-snubbing-the-dail-over-refusal-to-attend-tax-bill-hearings-35344270.html http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/republic-of-ireland/article35344269.ece/8d726/AUTOCROP/h342/PANews%20BT_P-149d4cd1-6f0c-4f40-b643-db3f88a4a78b_I1.jpg Email John McGuinness, chairman of the Oireachtas all-party Finance Committee, invited Tim Cook, chief executive of the global tech brand, to answer questions on the European Commission ruling Apple boss Tim Cook has been accused of snubbing the Dail after refusing to attend hearings on a 13 billion euro tax bill that the company was hit with. John McGuinness, chairman of the Oireachtas all-party Finance Committee, invited the chief executive of the global tech brand to answer questions on the European Commission ruling next month. Share Facebook Twitter Google Email Go To Comments Committee member Sinn Fein's Pearse Doherty said he had been told the offer had been rejected and branded Mr Cook's rejection a snub to the Irish people and parliament. "Tim Cook has a moral obligation to come before the committee," he said. "I'd urge Government ministers to encourage Tim Cook to respond favourably to the request. It's a snub to the Irish people and a snub to the Irish parliament." Mr Doherty said Apple had told the committee that Mr Cook would not attend because the company is appealing the tax ruling through the European courts. The EU Commissioner for Competition, Margrethe Vestager, who issued the ruling on Apple tax bills last year, is due to attend the committee, despite also being a party to the appeal case. The watchdog's landmark ruling into the iPad and iPhone maker found it paid just 50 euro in tax for every 1 million of profit made outside the US in 2014 after getting assurances from tax inspectors about a complex corporate structure in 1991 and 2007 and how it routed sales figures through subsidiaries in Ireland and on to the US. Mr Cook previously appeared at a congressional hearing in Washington DC where he explained that Apple effectively paid 2% tax rate for its subsidiaries in Ireland, where the headline corporation tax rate is 12.5%. Apple has about 6,000 employees in Ireland and is planning to build a huge data centre near Athenry, Galway. The company wrote to the committee on December 20 last year and rejected the invite stating that the issue was "complex and challenging". Apple is understood to have said that contacts were ongoing with the Department of Finance, the Revenue Commissioners and the European Commission and that given "the sensitive nature" of the issue it had been advised not to do anything that could prejudice it. Mr McGuinness described Mr Cook's rejection as "more than disappointing". "Apple is a huge employer here. It's not just a question of Tim Cook being given an invitation it's about the profile of his company and its attitude to the Irish Government," the chairman said. "I would expect a lot more from his company." Read More Michael D Higgins leads tributes to former ambassador to US Dermot Gallagher  President Michael D Higgins has led tributes to former diplomat Dermot Gallagher, who has died. Irish sailor vows to complete round-the-world challenge  An Irish sailor forced out of a solo round-the-world race has vowed to complete the epic challenge. Two men 'critical' after separate attacks  Two men have been left fighting for their lives after separate assaults. Top figures attend funeral Mass for 'architect of modern Ireland' TK Whitaker  TK Whitaker, dubbed the architect of modern Ireland, wanted to be remembered simply as a civil servant who did his best, his funeral Mass has heard. Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Firm fined £37k after young Irish backpacker suffers horrific injures in fruit-...  Republic of Ireland Irish mother describes horrific domestic abuse: 'He would punch me, pull my...  Republic of Ireland Two men 'critical' after separate attacks  Republic of Ireland Michael D Higgins leads tributes to former ambassador to US Dermot Gallagher  Republic of Ireland Malin Head residents outrage over toilet plans for Star Wars tourists  Republic of Ireland Sheep attack shepherd in Germany [Video]  Offbeat Family's fury that Conor Murphy may replace McGuinness  Northern Ireland Living in a 280-year-old cottage with no running water, electricity, TV or phone - meet...  Features Paul Givan reveals plans for Northern Ireland community halls to receive £2m...  Northern Ireland Arlene Foster's tarnished image could see DUP battered at the polling booths  News Analysis We must reject the politics of hatred and spite to move forward Brilliant, fascinating and complicated - Molly Keane and the Anglo Irish world that proved her inspiration Brexit victims: First Marmite, then Toblerone, might Freddos be next? Victoria Beckham 'launches legal action over Spice Girls reunion' NI groom singing bride up aisle gets 10m views NI restaurant shock after family leaves £1,000 tip Nightlife Galleries Nightlife Nightlife: Filthy McNasty's for Dsqo [Photos]  Nightlife Nightlife: Villa for Fat Wednesdays [Photos]  From Belfast Telegraph Northern Ireland David Ervine's sister-in-law Linda hits out at DUP diehards over attitude to Irish language  Northern Ireland Irish 'toilet' tattoo divides internet  Food and Drink Brexit victims: First Marmite, then Toblerone, might Freddos be next?  Offbeat Fox frozen in block of ice after falling into Danube  Northern Ireland Poll: Would you support joint authority for Republic of Ireland and UK governments over Northern Ireland...  News Newsreader throws tantrum over colleague's dress  Northern Ireland Foster reveals social media death threat to cut her head off  Technology WhatsApp backdoor means messages can be intercepted  World Teenager crowdfunds $12,500 after parents 'no longer support her' due to black boyfriend  News Martin McGuinness, from IRA man to minister - his journey in pictures [Photos]  Northern Ireland Brrr! Snow sweeps across NI - send us your pictures  Northern Ireland Belfast mum and dad shot for refusing to hand son over to republican paramilitaries  Northern Ireland Northern Ireland developer building homes without planning permission  Northern Ireland You won't stop me digging: BBC's Nolan tells DUP  Food and Drink 9 best breakfasts to cure hangovers  Opinion Opinion: Topical and political cartoons from Belfast Telegraph  Events The Troubles gallery - IRA checkpoint, early 1970s  By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. See our Privacy & Cookie Policy News Northern Ireland UK Rep of Ireland Health Education Sport Football Rugby GAA Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Business Business News Money Help & Advice Opinion The Big Interview Economy Watch Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Going Out Cinema Listings Life Woman Fashion House Just Born Just Married Food Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Search Go Mobile Site Sitemap Contact Legal Terms & Policies Media Pack Group Websites Complaints © Belfast Telegraph Home News Northern Ireland UK Republic of Ireland World Brexit Health Politics Sunday Life Graduations Sport Football Live Scores Premier League Fixtures Premier League Local Football Scottish International FA and League Cups The Park - Grassroots Football Rugby Ulster Rugby Guinness PRO12 Six Nations European Champions Cup Schools Cup GAA Antrim Armagh Cavan Derry Donegal Down Fermanagh Monaghan Tyrone Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Other Sports Belfast Giants Boxing Tennis Cricket Cycling Horse Racing Hockey Columnists Paul Lindsay Declan Bogue Billy on the box Running Sports Awards Business Business News Appointments Commercial Property Money Help & Advice Opinion Viewpoint John Simpson The Big Interview Economy Watch Company Profiles Food and Drink Awards Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Belfast Festival Tech Life Fashion & beauty Motoring House and Home Property Awards Food & Drink Recipes Restaurant Reviews Food & Drink Magazine Features Books Horoscopes Running Women Awards Family Life December 2016 September 2016 April 2016 February 2016 Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Fionola Meredith Gail Walker Lindy McDowell Robert Fisk Jane Graham Alf McCreary Frances A Burscough Ruth Dudley Edwards Johnny Andrews Bill White Will Chambré Noel McAdam Archive People Events Places Titanic Belfast 400 Ulster Covenant Travel 2017 Travel Guide Video In Pictures Search Go
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Modern Medicine FinTech CNBC Upstart 25 Retail Report Future Opportunities Davos Your Money, Your Future Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Technology Technology Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity The Pulse @ 1 Market Apple App Store developers raked in $20 billion in 2016, up 40% year over year Josh Lipton | @CNBCJosh Thursday, 5 Jan 2017 | 10:29 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Apple app developers earned $20B in 2016    Thursday, 5 Jan 2017 | 8:31 AM ET | 01:30 Apple reported Thursday that developers raked in $20 billion on its App Store in 2016, a 40 percent jump since 2015. That suggests Apple reaped at least $8 billion in revenue from its App Store, an analyst said. "2016 was an amazingly great year for the App Store," Philip Schiller, Apple's senior vice president of worldwide marketing, told CNBC. "We continue to advance what is available for developers to create. And our catalog of apps grew 20 percent to 2.2 million." Schiller said the biggest drivers for the App Store included games such as "Pokemon Go," which was the most downloaded app in 2016; "Super Mario," which was the most downloaded app on Christmas and New Year's days; and subscription-based apps, such as Netflix, Hulu and Time Warner's HBO Go. The tech giant said its biggest day of sales on the App Store was on Jan. 1, 2017, when customers spent a record $240 million. The top grossing markets included the U.S, U.K., Japan and China, which saw 90 percent year-over-year growth. Investors pay close attention to the performance of the App Store, as Apple now emphasizes its role as a services company. The broad smartphone market is maturing, and the tech giant is highlighting recurring revenue streams that do not depend on new device sales. Some research suggests that the best days of growth in the apps market may have come and gone. Schiller disputed that, pointing to his store's recent performance. "I will let the success of the App Store speak for itself," he said. "The App Store is bigger than ever and growing faster than ever. There is a lot of success ahead for developers." Based on Apple's traditional cut of 30 cents for every dollar that moves through the store, the revenue generated by the app sales totaled about $8 billion to $9 billion for Apple last year, according to Jan Dawson, chief analyst at Jackdaw Research. Digital stores represent big battlegrounds between Apple and rival Google. According to App Annie, which provides market data for the app economy, Google Play's worldwide downloads were 115 percent higher than Apple's App Store downloads in the third quarter, which is the latest data available. However, Apple maintained its advantage in revenue. In the third quarter, App Store revenue was 100 percent higher than Google Play's. Disclosure: Hulu is partially owned by CNBC parent NBC Universal. Josh LiptonCNBC Technology Correspondent Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change AAPL --- Binge 'Walking Dead' a megahit, thanks in part to white-knuckled binge-watchers By: Marc Gilbert, senior producer, CNBC Walking Dead producer: The phenomenon is no accident    Walking Dead producer: The show isn’t about zombies    Terminator writer sounds alarm on AI    Walking Dead producer: VR makes me nauseous    To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Break♦ing 9♦1♦1 (noun): Newly Received Information About an Event That Is Currently Occurring or Developing. Home contact us News Tips For Your Entertainment Good News Stupid People Stupid Criminals Weird news Funny news People & Culture Animals Celebrities Election 2016 Donald Trump Hillary Clinton Jeb Bush Rand Paul Scott Walker Gay Pride / Marriage Gun Control Illegal Immigration Police LAPD NYPD Officer Shot Politics Bad News Car Accidents Cyber Attacks Domestic Violence Child Abuse Drug Busts Gangs Guns Iran Natural Disasters and Weather Police Brutality Racism Terrorism ISIS Violent Crime VIDEOS Viral Videos ISIS Videos HOME CONTACT US NEWS TIPS January 5, 2017 | 8:37 AM Apple pulls New York Times app from its China store January 5, 2017 | 8:37 AM Home » Bad News » Apple pulls New York Times app from its China store Bad News January 5, 2017 Apple has removed the New York Times app from its digital store in China, acting on what it says were orders from the Chinese government. The news underlines how American information technology companies are being forced to play by China’s rules if they want to do business in China – even at some cost to their reputation in the West. It is also another example of how the noose is gradually tightening under the world’s largest system of censorship known as the Great Firewall of China. But it also comes as China redoubles its own efforts to spread the Communist Party’s message far and wide across the world, including in the United States. The New York Times, which offers content in both English and Chinese, is one of a growing number of foreign news organizations whose content is blocked in China. Readers can only access content by using special software to bypass the Great Firewall. The latest move throws up another barrier for Chinese readers, especially new customers. The app is available in Apple stores in Hong Kong and Taiwan, for example, but users need a credit card billing address outside mainland China to download it, the Times reported. “For some time now the New York Times app has not been permitted to display content to most users in China and we have been informed that the app is in violation of local regulations,” Apple spokesman Fred Sainz told the Times. “As a result, the app must be taken down off the China App Store. When this situation changes, the App Store will once again offer the New York Times app for download in China.” The Times said the app had been removed from Apple stores on Dec. 23, and appears to have been made under regulations issued last June preventing mobile apps from engaging in activities that endanger national security or disrupt social order. The Washington Post’s website is not blocked in China, and its English-language app is available on the Apple store, but many other news organizations are blocked. The Times said it had asked Apple to reconsider its decision. Criticism also rained down online. As my colleagues Emily Rauhala and Elizabeth Dwoskin reported last month, California’s Internet companies may have once dreamed of liberating China through technology, but these days they seem more willing than ever to play the Communist Party’s game; case in point, news that Facebook is developing a censorship tool that many interpreted as an attempt to get its service unblocked in China. The news of the Times’ app being blocked was not reported by Chinese media, but filtered through to a few Netizens. “We are closing our doors to the outside world,” lamented one user of weibo, China’s equivalent of Twitter. “This is a restoration of the Cultural Revolution or another historical retrogression,” said another. The news also comes as China Central Television (CCTV), a propaganda arm of the Communist Party and the country’s largest TV network, launched a new global platform on New Year’s Day to try to improve China’s image overseas. In a congratulatory letter, President Xi Jinping urged the newly launched China Global Television Network to “tell China’s story well, spread China’s voice well, let the world know a three-dimensional, colorful China, and showcase China’s role as a builder of world peace.” The Washington Post is one of many Western newspapers that carries a regular paid supplement by China Daily, another Communist Party mouthpiece. Featured Image: (c) 2017, The Washington Post · Joe #breaking now 54 years later, you still have to pay to use Martin Luther King Jr.’s famous ‘I Have a Dream’ speech It’s one of the most famous speeches in American history, one you never forget if you ever heard it.… 0 Comments 56868 Views CIA director warns Trump to watch what he says The outgoing CIA director called Donald Trump’s comments about the U.S. intelligence community “outrageous” and suggested the president-elect’s attitude… 0 Comments 186683 Views Celebrities and N.Y. Mayor Bill de Blasio plan to protest Trump day before inauguration Not all the A-listers who stumped for Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders will be hiding under their 3,000-thread-count sheets… 0 Comments 41880 Views Democrats protest across the country to save and expand Obamacare Democrats and labor organizers spent Sunday at dozens of rallies across the country, pledging to fight in Congress against… 0 Comments 36747 Views Security grid for inauguration means thousands of police, street closures WASHINGTON – The first visible signs of security measures for Friday’s presidential inauguration soon will be evident – parking… 0 Comments 42074 Views Sen. Rand Paul drafting health-care measure to replace Obamacare Republican Sen. Rand Paul said he’s drafting legislation for a health-care insurance plan that could replace Obamacare, including a… 0 Comments 52648 Views D.C. Guard general’s exit is disputed WASHINGTON – The transition team for President-elect Donald Trump asked the head of the District of Columbia National Guard… 0 Comments 57872 Views Sharpton’s march calls for unity to face Trump WASHINGTON – In a steady light rain, thousands of demonstrators marched Saturday from the Washington Monument to the Martin… 0 Comments 49021 Views #connect Never Miss Breaking News - Follow Breaking911 Follow us on Facebook likes Follow us on Twitter 165,602 followers #trending WATCH: Domestic Abuse Suspect Gets Fatally Shot By Fort Collins Police comments 646851 Views BREAKING: Numerous Reports Of Explosions In Marseille, France comments 622266 Views WATCH: Dashcam Captures Fatal Crash After High Speed Police Chase comments 489160 Views Obama’s dog Sunny bites White House visitor in the face comments 361929 Views WATCH: Bodycam Footage Of Naked Woman Stealing Police Truck comments 277189 Views Meet the biker hosting the biggest pro-Trump demonstration at the inauguration comments 221093 Views Jeb Bush may have won something in the election after all: the U.S. Department of Education comments 207290 Views Zoe Saldana: Trump Won Because Hollywood Became Cocky And Arrogant Bullies comments 199077 Views CIA director warns Trump to watch what he says comments 186628 Views Boots recalled because their tread leaves swastika imprints comments 172291 Views WATCH: Doctoral student violently detained after 911 caller says he stole his own car comments 133874 Views Ferguson Painting To Be Removed From Capitol, Says GOP Lawmaker comments 110139 Views [related_posts_by_tax]
Close Skip to main content The Guardian Guardian US briefing Senate Democrats ready to grill Trump picks Four arrested over ‘anti-Trump’ beating on Facebook Live; president-elect sides with Assange over DNC hack; Apple removes New York Times app in China by Mazin Sidahmed in New York Four arrested over ‘anti-Trump’ beating on Facebook Live; president-elect sides with Assange over DNC hack; Apple removes New York Times app in China by Mazin Sidahmed in New York Senate Democrats ready to grill Trump picks Thursday 5 January 2017 08.31 EST Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Democrats prepare to battle Trump nominees Senate Democrats may not be able to block Donald Trump’s cabinet nominees. But that won’t stop them trying. Eight in particular are being targeted as “troublesome”, including Rex Tillerson (state), Jeff Sessions (attorney general) and Steve Mnuchin (treasury). ” “We have asked for fair hearings on all of those nominees,” minority leader Chuck Schumer told reporters on Wednesday. “There are a lot of questions about these nominees.” Sessions was grilled by Senator Dick Durbin about his history on making racially insensitive comments, which he reportedly said would not be an issue. “Certainly there are elements in his background that raise questions,” Durbin said after their meeting. Confirmation hearings are scheduled to begin on 11 January, with Democrats hoping to secure two days of hearing for each nominee. Democrats prepare for confirmation battle over ‘troublesome’ Trump cabinet nominees Four arrested for ‘anti-Trump’ beating Chicago police have arrested four people in connection with a video that emerged on Facebook Live showing a gagged man being brutally beaten up while assailants shout: “Fuck Donald Trump.” Chicago police department superintendent said the man in the video had “mental health challenges” and the four suspects would be charged in the next 24 hours. The men in the video scream “fuck white people” and force the victim to say “fuck Trump”. A knife is placed to his head and used to cut his clothing. Police commander Kevin Duffin said that the incident may be investigated as a hate crime but added that officers were trying to determine “whether or not this is sincere or just stupid ranting and raving”. Four arrested over Facebook Live video of man tortured amid anti-Trump taunts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Facebook live-stream of man being attacked is sickening, say Chicago police Trump rift with Republicans over Assange Leading Republicans broke with Trump on Wednesday after the president-elect appeared to put more faith in WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange than in US intelligence agencies. In a series of tweets, Trump backed Assange’s claim that Russia was not the source of the DNC leaks, putting him at odds with American intelligence agencies. House speaker Paul Ryan called Assange “a sycophant for Russia” on a conservative radio show, and Senator Tom Cotton told MSNBC that he supports intelligence officers over Assange. Barack Obama deported 35 Russian diplomats last month in response to reports by intelligence agencies that the Kremlin had hacked the DNC. Trump, who has repeatedly praised Putin, was critical of the move, and has continued to cast doubt on the veracity of the evidence of Russian interference. The president-elect is set to have an intelligence briefing on Friday. Republicans voice disdain after Trump tweets support for Julian Assange Covering Obama’s second term As part of the Guardian’s series on Obama’s legacy, former Washington bureau chief Dan Roberts recalls his time covering the outgoing president’s second term. Reporting for the Guardian on this difficult second act was complicated by our own walk-on part in the drama, Roberts writes. A conference call in June 2013 with White House national security staff about the bulk collection of mobile phone records was the first of several awkward conversations involving a young whistleblower called Edward Snowden. Obama’s second term: a president faces the limits of his power Facebook Twitter Pinterest Black church burning in Mississippi stirs debate over Trump and race Apple aims to please China government Apple has removed the New York Times app from its app store in China, as a spokesperson said it was in “violation of local regulations”. The Chinese government enforces vast censorship of any foreign website that may pose a threat to the communist government, which includes Google, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Instagram. The New York Times’s website has been blocked since 2012 after the paper published an expose of the wealth of former prime minister Wen Jiabao and his family. Apple’s compliance with the rule indicates how far the company will go to remain active in its third-largest market. In 2016 Apple publicly rebuked the US government for attempting to force the company to unlock an iPhone that belonged to a suspected terrorist. Apple CEO Tim Cook said at the time that complying with the government request would be “setting a dangerous precedent that threatens everyone’s civil liberties”. Apple removes New York Times app in China America gets taste of its own medicine? While accusations of the Russian government attempting to interfere with the US election are troubling and should be taken seriously, the US is no stranger to election manipulation, writes Owen Jones. “The US is a world leader in the field of intervening in the internal affairs of other countries,” he writes. The US has intervened in a number of foreign elections, with the post-cold war Russia among the most notable. Americans can spot election meddling because they’ve been doing it for years Support the Guardian’s fearless journalism Never has America needed fearless independent media more. Help us hold the new president to account, sort fact from fiction, amplify underrepresented voices, and understand the forces behind this divisive election – and what happens next. Support the Guardian by becoming a member or making a contribution. Will Ben McAdoo’s laid-back approach help the Giants top Green Bay? New York Giants’ young coach Ben McAdoo is far from a rookie – he has coached nine teams over the last two decades. But some were surprised by his lenient approach to star receiver Odell Beckham Jr flying to a party in Miami days before a playoff game; his predecessor Tom Coughlin, who won the Super Bowl twice, would not have tolerated such behavior, writes Dave Caldwell. But his laid-back approach seems to be working as the Giants enter the tie with the Green Bay Packers with a record of nine wins in their last eleven games. Will Ben McAdoo’s laid-back approach help the Giants top Green Bay? In case you missed it ... A mysterious radio wave discovered a decade ago has been traced to its source, likely a dwarf galaxy some 3bn light years from Earth, astronomers said. The discovery could help solve questions that have plagued astronomers over what causes high energy surges of long waves at the far end of the electromagnetic spectrum. Source of mysterious deep space radio wave discovered for the first time More news Topics Trump administration US Senate Democrats Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home US selected politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US selected politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video US News › Trump administration Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Two Apple patents surfacing today cover a 3D Mapping Projector & the new Apple Store Glass Door System | Main | Samsung Ordering 10 Million Galaxy S8 Smartphones for Q1 with 10nm Processor & Possibly Free Wireless Earbuds » January 05, 2017 Apple's Futuristic 'Acoustic' OLED Display for iDevices comes to Life at CES 2017 on Sony and LG Next-Gen TVs   Two years ago Patently Apple posted a report titled "Apple Granted Patent for Display-Based Speakers for iDevices." Apple originally filed for this patent back in 2012. At the time it sounded like something you'd expect to see in a science fiction movie for a device feature deep into the future. Well, it just so happens that it's now the big hit feature at CES 2017 for future TV's by LG and Sony. Our report covers two videos covering this new audio breakthrough.   Sony Introduces Acoustic Surface     LG Introduces Crystal Sound OLED   LG introduced their version of this technology at CES 2017 under the branding "Crystal Sound OLED."     The key to Apple's patent is that this kind of acoustic display could only work with a flexible OLED display. At the time of the patent, OLED displays weren't even on Apple's public road map for the iPhone. So it's definitely something to keep an eye out for on future iDevices and possibly even Macs at some point in time.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.       Posted by Jack Purcher on January 05, 2017 at 06:04 AM in 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports | Permalink Comments The comments to this entry are closed. Search Recent Posts The Danger of Samsung Tanking Korea's Economy if their Chief Goes to Jail Weighs Heavily on Special Prosecution A New Patent Troll Lawsuit Claims that Apple's 'Messages' App Infringes their Acquired Patent from Voice Express Jimmy Iovine Confirms that Apple is creating an Entire Pop Cultural Experience for Apple Music Apple Releases Four TV Ads for AirPods Covering Notes, Siri, Pairing and Strolling A Next-Gen Smartphone Designed by Ex-Apple and Google Engineers will Launch Later this Year An Apple Pencil Patent describes a 3D Antenna and Magnet for Attaching to External Objects Apple Rumored to be Advancing the Anniversary iPhone's Water Resistance Feature to a Higher Level Samsung & Foxconn Jointly Invest in Israeli firm Core Photonics Possibly Delaying a Dual Lens Camera for Galaxy S8 It's a Long Shot, but TSMC wouldn't rule out Opening a U.S. Plant to Support U.S. Customers like Apple and Qualcomm Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related, Indoor Mapping Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Mon, Jan 16, 2017 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In News Politics Oireachtas Poll All News Ireland Irish News World UK Europe US Africa Middle East Asia-Pacific Politics Oireachtas Poll Election 2016 Crime & Law Social Affairs Religion & Beliefs Health Education Student Hub Courts Irish Times Data Environment Science Consumer Offbeat In Depth Specials Brexit US Election Terror attacks Podcasts Inside Politics World View Subscriptions ePaper Newspaper Archive By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Apple chief Tim Cook declines invite to Oireachtas committee Pearse Doherty says decision not to discuss EU tax ruling ‘disrespectful’ Thu, Jan 5, 2017, 13:09 Updated: Thu, Jan 5, 2017, 17:52 Pat Leahy Tim Cook declines invitation to appear at Oireachtas finance committee to discuss the EU’s ruling that the company owes Ireland more than €13 billion in back taxes. Photograph: Eric Luke         Apple chief executive Tim Cook has declined an invitation to appear at the Oireachtas finance committee to discuss the EU’s ruling that the company owes Ireland more than €13 billion in back taxes. The finance committee, which is chaired by Fianna Fáil TD John McGuinness, invited Mr Cook to appear at the committee at the beginning of February. In a reply received by the committee this week, Apple executive Claire Thwaites has written on Mr Cook’s behalf to say that he had been advised not to appear. “Given the sensitive nature of the investigation and the timing, we have been advised not to undertake any other direct activities, which could potentially prejudice future outcomes. It is on this basis that we are unable to appear before the Committee on this occasion,” Ms Thwaites wrote from Apple’s London office. The Sinn Féin finance spokesman Pearse Doherty expressed disappointment and anger at the decision by Apple. In a statement issued on Thursday, Mr Doherty said the EU’s ruling that Apple had been granted illegal state aid by Ireland “has created a huge debate in this country about our tax affairs and it is only right the finance committee of the Oireachtas carry out hearings on this issue. The definition of ‘head office’: That Apple tax ruling explained Government says ECJ ruling has no bearing on Apple case Apple, Ireland, the EU and tax Apple letter “Tim Cook appeared before the US Senate hearings and it was his comments there that sparked much of the discussion and possibly even EU action in this case. For him to refuse to attend the Committee now is disrespectful to the Irish people.” Mr Cook told a congressional hearing in Washington that the company had “negotiated a tax rate which meant that [its tax] was calculated at less than 2 per cent”. However, the Irish authorities have repeatedly said that Apple did not have a special tax deal, which Apple also strenuously argued after the European Commission’s ruling last August. ADVERTISEMENT Mr Doherty was also critical of Mr Cook’s refusal to appear at the Oireachtas committee even though he has appeared on Irish media on a number of occasions. “He has also not been shy in speaking to Irish media about the case and his views on why the EU is wrong in its findings, so the excuse of an ongoing legal case is not valid. After all, both the Irish Government and EU Commission are involved in that appeal and I expect both to attend the Committee,” he said. Committee member and Labour TD Sean Sherlock was also critical of Mr Cook’s decision not to attend. “I can’t see why Mr Cook wouldn’t appear. The issue is not subjudice and it would provide an opportunity to a public airing by Apple beyond the confines of Government Buildings,” he said. Mr Sherlock said it was a “missed opportunity”. Fianna Fáil finance spokesman Michael McGrath said he was “very disappointed” as he felt the company could have been of “signiificant assistance”. However he said the Committee would “ontinue with its work on this issue and will engage with all those who are willing to attend” including Commissioner Margrethe Vestager on behalf of the European Commission. “I trust that the Revenue Commissioners will attend to put forward the State’s case,” he said.       Topics: Pearse Doherty Tim Cook Eu European Commission Fianna Fáil Irish Government Labour Oireachtas Sinn Fein The Us Senate Apple London(GB) Washington(US) Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Politics Border tariff fears as UK edges towards hard Brexit Opinion Joe Mulholand: Brexit is not just about Ireland and the UK Politics May’s speech likely to suggest Brexit is getting harder Rugby Ulster unable to build on start as Exeter end European adventure ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Our politics team’s behind-the-scenes take on events of the day in your inbox each Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday Google ID Name Surname Email Sign Up I would also like to receive occasional update emails from The Irish Times Latest Ireland NI Assembly members expect election to be called by teatime 01:00 May’s speech likely to suggest Brexit is getting harder 01:00 Epileptic student urges State to fast-track cannabis legislation 01:00 Bus Éireann staff to be shown cost-saving proposals 01:00 Cork council reform proposals expected by late February 01:00 ADVERTISEMENT   Most Read in News 1 Eoghan Murphy: Hard Brexit is now inevitable 2 Border tariff fears as UK edges towards hard Brexit 3 U2 fans queuing for ‘Joshua Tree’ tickets find streets have no pain 4 The 'baby' scandal that rocked Queen Victoria's court 5 Sixteen online aids to help you travel on the cheap Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Features & Opinion Fintan O’Toole: Martin McGuinness is hard to replace Fintan O'Toole As deputy first minister he showed the same determination with which he led the IRA Dublin City Council has questions to answer over 2011 loan Colm Keena How much risk was involved in loaning money to building firm to pursue legal actions? McGuinness resignation comes at pivotal moment for Sinn Féin Pat Leahy The question of who will succeed McGuinness and Adams is now firmly in the spotlight Radical surgery may be needed at Bus Éireann Martin Wall Consultants’ report says getting out of Expressway business could be only viable option News - direct to your inbox Which Daily Digest would you like? Morning Lunchtime Both Google ID Name Surname Email Sign Up Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper eBooks Subscriber Rewards IT Sunday Email Newsletters Breaking news app My Account Newspaper Archive Crossword Club Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Mon 16/1/2017 News Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox My Account Manage your account The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
Computing Mobile Internet Gaming Electronics Extreme Deep Dives Deals About ExtremeTech ET Forums Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Home Electronics LG’s new 4K OLED TV is gorgeous, stupidly thin LG’s new 4K OLED TV is gorgeous, stupidly thin By Joel Hruska on January 5, 2017 at 7:30 am Comment For decades, manufacturers have sold thinness as a positive metric for measuring the advance of a product. When Apple launched the iPhone 4, it made thinness (and Retina displays) central to the device’s supposed appeal. Apple has carved off feature after feature in the name of thinness, slashing the MacBook Pro to the point that it requires multiple dongles to restore previous capabilities, treating the iPhone 7 in the same fashion (courage!) and generally annoying people with the relentless push to make devices thinner as opposed to “more useful” or “easier to handle.” Now LG has jumped on the bandwagon with a frankly beautiful OLED television that ought to win some kind of award for uselessness. One could argue that LG has actually made the total space dedicated to one’s display *thicker*, not thinner. First things first. The new LG W-series is a gorgeous screen according to all reports. It’s ridiculously thin at 2.6mm, yet the company claims this causes no issues with picture quality. It’s impressive that LG managed to shove decent hardware into a frame that small, even if the sheer size of the panels (65-inch and 77-inch) means the company does still have a fair bit of real estate to play with. The fact that the 65-inch screen weighs in at just 17 pounds (the 77-inch is 27 pounds) is impressive, no matter what. I’m just oozing with excitement. The downside is, these panels are so thin, you can’t actually fit any ports on them. Instead, the panel is connected to an LG speaker via proprietary connector. LG is actually referring to this as a 4K speaker based on the ridiculous idea that because the device can play 24-bit/96Hz audio, and because the bitrate on that audio works out to 4000Kbps, they could call out the speaker as being “4K” as well. LG’s spec sheet on the television actually refers to the soundbar as offering “OLED Surround,” as if the screen had some particular pixel configuration that necessitated an entirely different audio format. The new SJ9 is LGs first soundbar to support Dolby Atmos, and it offers an array of seven speakers with a wireless subwoofer. Ridiculous marketing aside, the SJ9 itself looks like a nice piece of equipment. Thinner doesn’t equate to better anymore So why am I calling LG’s new televisions stupidly thin? Simple — we’ve reached the point where removing thickness from hardware is actively compromising that hardware’s performance and function. LG’s new television is so thin, you can’t mount it on a stand. It connects to its speaker system via a proprietary cable and all of the ports and connectivity are accessed via that cable. Presumably the SJ9 soundbar can still use standard HDMI to connect to different televisions, but the proprietary connection to the LG W means you’d best hope nothing happens to that speaker once it’s out of warranty. Once upon a time, being thinner did make products more useful. LCD televisions can fit into spaces CRTs never could. This cuts down on shipping costs, makes them easier to install, and easier to move around. My parents actually had one of the last HD CRTs ever produced, and let me promise you this — carting around a 34-inch CRT that weighed in at 190 pounds was not my idea of a good time. But the central argument for thinness as a useful metric hinges on it providing benefits. Translation: Our proprietary cable isn’t actually rated for this configuration, but we’re hoping the people who find it appealing are both rich and too stupid to read. This LG OLED TV can’t be mounted to a stand. It can’t be mounted to a curved wall. It requires a proprietary cable and if something goes wrong with your soundbar, the TV becomes a paperweight until you get another or get the first one RMA’d. LG’s product page states that the proprietary cable for the TV – SJ9 pairup isn’t rated for in-wall installation, and since the cabling doesn’t seem to be particularly long, you’ll need to have a table underneath the TV to hold the soundbar. There are obviously people with the right type of homes and plenty of cash to burn who might be interested in this product, but I’d argue that there are other OLED TVs with equally gorgeous screens and far fewer restrictions to choose from. Removing capabilities and limiting practical usefulness in the name of thinness is neither courageous nor helpful. It’s long past time we focus on other aspects of electronics, without sacrificing basic concepts of what makes a product useful. Tagged In 4K lg tv OLED dolby atmos courage W Series thin Atmos thinspiration Post a Comment Comment ExtremeTech Newsletter Subscribe Today to get the latest ExtremeTech news delivered right to your inbox. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. More Articles Someone is trying to sell the stolen Razer triple-screen laptop prototypes Jan 13 450mm silicon wafers aren’t happening any time soon as major consortium collapses Jan 13 This week in space: all stuff from inside the solar system, for once Jan 13 Nintendo Switch hits stores March 3 for $299.99 Jan 13 Top 10 tech cars of the 2017 Detroit auto show Jan 13 About ExtremeTech Advertising Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Accessibility Statement Use of this site is governed by our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Copyright 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC.PCMag Digital Group All Rights Reserved. ExtremeTech is a registered trademark of Ziff Davis, LLC. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of Ziff Davis, LLC. is prohibited. unused
IOT Consumer Wearables M2M Smart Cities Cognitive Computing Cloud Public Private Hybrid AAS Cyber Security Breaches Protection Solutions Business Mobility Devices Smartphones Apps Networks Laptops Data Centre IT Power Cooling Modular Big Data Analytics Enterprise IT Storage Software Server Services Applications Virtualisation Digital Transformation Markets Consumer eBanking eHealth eBusiness eTransport Smart Cities The Boardroom SMB Public Sector eCommerce eTail eMoney Fintech White Papers What Is About Us Editorial Team Advertise With Us Contact Us Help Privacy Policy RSS Feeds Site Map White Papers Apple confirms $1bn investment in Softbank’s tech fund 0Shares 0 0 0 0 Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus IOT Consumer Wearables M2M Smart Cities Cognitive Computing Decline in iPhone sales sees Apple head to Hollywood BT, TalkTalk, Sky agree to send piracy warnings for illegal downloads FitBit acquires smartwatch startup Vector FitBit acquires smartwatch startup Vector The five most exciting virtual reality & AI releases from CES 2017 Oculus buys Danish eye-tracking startup Eye Tribe Tesla recruits Apple veteran to lead Autopilot car software programme Alphabet looking to sell Skybox Imaging satellite unit CES 2017: Five smart car releases with virtual assistants Google’s Waymo to start testing self-driving minivans this year Uber releases big data travel pattern tool ‘Movement’ Vodafone demos NB-IoT technology with Nokia and Telit in Germany Are Bots Ready to be Bankers? IBM puts Watson to work in eCommerce business unit Robo Advisors sweep Europe as UK consumers bank on robots Cloud Public Private Hybrid AAS Microsoft bins Azure pay-as-you-go model for new cloud customers AWS looks to teach military vets cloud skills in IT training programme Greenpeace calls out AWS on renewable energy targets Application container market set for explosive growth as enterprises move into production OpenStack private cloud: benefits, challenges and what the future holds Adoption barriers disappear as 2016 sees cloud start to dominate the IT market Microsoft Azure hits the road in Renault-Nissan connected car deal Inside Silicon Valley Startup Rubrik: Reinventing Cloud Backup Adoption barriers disappear as 2016 sees cloud start to dominate the IT market Microsoft bins Azure pay-as-you-go model for new cloud customers AWS looks to teach military vets cloud skills in IT training programme IBM puts Watson to work in eCommerce business unit Cyber Security Breaches Protection Solutions Business Ransomware attack hits largest NHS trust WhatsApp security backdoor could reveal business secrets MongoDB hackers target ElasticSearch in new wave of ransomware attacks Ransomware attack hits largest NHS trust Threat of revenue loss fails to drive home importance of network monitoring GCHQ accelerator selects seven cyber security start-ups GCHQ accelerator selects seven cyber security start-ups How to protect the IoT in 2017 Is it time for a new approach to security? 5 things to come in 2017 that says the answer is yes WhatsApp security backdoor could reveal business secrets MongoDB hackers target ElasticSearch in new wave of ransomware attacks Ukranian power outage: Are hackers testing for worldwide SCADA cyber attacks? Mobility Devices Smartphones Apps Networks Laptops Decline in iPhone sales sees Apple head to Hollywood Global IT spend in 2017 set to stall thanks to Brexit and Trump The iPhone at 10 – The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly Decline in iPhone sales sees Apple head to Hollywood The iPhone at 10 – The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly CEO Tim Cook salary cut as Apple misses sales targets WhatsApp security backdoor could reveal business secrets Windows welcomes Slack desktop app to its Windows store The iPhone at 10 – The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly BT, TalkTalk, Sky agree to send piracy warnings for illegal downloads Windows welcomes Slack desktop app to its Windows store London’s Square Mile to offer superfast free WiFi by 2017 CES 2017: Intel debuts 7th-gen Kaby Lake chips for desktop How to follow CES 2017: From Twitter to Live Streams – don’t miss any CES news Japanese tech giants hit with €166m laptop and phone battery cartel fine Data Centre IT Power Cooling Modular HPE, Schneider Electric deliver on micro data centre partnership Equinix takes outs $1.05bn loan to help fund Verizon data centre deal Equinix, Digital Realty & NTT extend colo lead in data centre market 15 of the worst companies for renewable energy – Greenpeace report Greenpeace calls out AWS on renewable energy targets Google opens €600 green data centre in the Netherlands Google opens €600 green data centre in the Netherlands IBM joins zero outage association to help end IT downtime for good Cloud data centres in the UK – the vital questions prospective customers must ask HPE, Schneider Electric partner on micro data centres Data centre management – linking assets across the cloud Cisco pushes new modular storage servers as alternative to public cloud Big Data Analytics IBM puts Watson to work in eCommerce business unit Data Sovereignty in the wake of Brexit – the major derailers? IBM, Illumina partner to crunch genomic data & treat cancer Enterprise IT Storage Software Server Services Applications Virtualisation IBM unveils new family of all-flash storage for cognitive workloads Global converged systems revenue increases 1.7% to $2.6bn in Q3 IBM joins zero outage association to help end IT downtime for good DevOps Decoded – Gaining a competitive edge with speed, productivity and security AWS looks to teach military vets cloud skills in IT training programme Information Governance Considerations with Office 365 IBM unveils new family of all-flash storage for cognitive workloads 15 of the worst companies for renewable energy – Greenpeace report CES 2017: Intel debuts 7th-gen Kaby Lake chips for desktop Database wars: AWS CEO claims thousands are fleeing from rivals Toy Story and the invisible destruction of cultural heritage ECB goes Advanced in search for next England cricket stars Windows welcomes Slack desktop app to its Windows store Application container market set for explosive growth as enterprises move into production Software collaboration tool Trello acquired by Atlassian DevOps Decoded – Gaining a competitive edge with speed, productivity and security Application container market set for explosive growth as enterprises move into production Inside Silicon Valley Startup Rubrik: Reinventing Cloud Backup Digital Transformation Markets Consumer eBanking eHealth eBusiness eTransport Smart Cities The Boardroom SMB Public Sector eCommerce eTail eMoney Fintech White Papers What Is About Us Editorial Team Advertise With Us Contact Us Help Privacy Policy RSS Feeds Site Map White Papers Cyber attack ‘fear factor’ sends UK cyber insurance soaring Is the European Commission picking winners in the broadband delivery stakes? All VerticalsFinance Back to Home Apple confirms $1bn investment in Softbank’s tech fund Increase / Decrease text size Byomakesh Biswal 5th January 2017 0 0Shares 0 0 0 0 Add to favorites Softbank to create $100bn fund to invest in global technology sector. Smartphone giant Apple has confirmed plans to invest $1bn in a technology fund set up by the Japanese telecom major Softbank Group (SBG). In October last year, Softbank announced that it would create the $100bn Vision Fund to invest in the technology sector globally. Apple spokeswoman Kristin Huguet was quoted by The Wall Street Journal as saying: “We believe their new fund will speed the development of technologies which may be strategically important to Apple.” The fund could also see participation from Foxconn Technology and the family office of Oracle chairman Larry Ellison. Softbank announced that it would invest at least $25bn in the fund over the next five years. On 12 October 2016, the company also signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with the Public Investment Fund of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (PIF) for the fund. Under the MoU, PIF considered investing in the fund and becoming the lead investment partner. PIF is expected to invest up to $45bn over the next five years. Softbank said: “The objective of SBG to establish the Fund is to accelerate SBG’s global growth strategy through the investments via the Fund and alliances with portfolio companies of the Fund. “The Fund will make investments drawing upon SBG’s investment proficiency, operational expertise and breadth of experience in the technology sector.” The fund will be managed by a subsidiary of Softbank in the UK. The Japanese firm said that it would use its deep operational expertise and network of portfolio companies in order to add value to the fund’s investments. SoftBank chairman and CEO Masayoshi Son said: ““With the establishment of the SoftBank Vision Fund, we will be able to step up investments in technology companies globally. “Over the next decade, the SoftBank Vision Fund will be the biggest investor in the technology sector. We will further accelerate the Information Revolution by contributing to its development.” Tags Apple Homepage News List SoftBank Previous ArticleCyber attack 'fear factor' sends UK cyber insurance soaring Next ArticleAdoption barriers disappear as 2016 sees cloud start to dominate the IT market Most read AWS looks to teach military vets cloud skills in IT training programme James Nunns 12th January 2017 Ukranian power outage: Are hackers testing for worldwide SCADA cyber attacks? Ellie Burns 11th January 2017 15 of the worst companies for renewable energy – Greenpeace report Ellie Burns 11th January 2017 Latest White Papers How Intel IT’s Integrated Analytics Platform Helps Sales and Marketing By Intel HPE Security Research – Cyber Risk Report 2016 By HPE Le stockage de demain By Kaminario Editor’s Pick Greenpeace calls out AWS on renewable energy targets James Nunns 11th January 2017 Related News IBM unveils new family of all-flash storage for cognitive workloads Byomakesh Biswal 13th January 2017 DevOps Decoded – Gaining a competitive edge with speed, productivity and security Ellie Burns 13th January 2017 Global IT spend in 2017 set to stall thanks to Brexit and Trump Ellie Burns 13th January 2017 Latest in 4th Revolution 4th Revolution Artificial intelligence to learn religion, morality & ethics from new tech fund James Nunns 11th January 2017 4th Revolution The business reality of AI and robots Ellie Burns 10th January 2017 4th Revolution What is Robotic Process Automation, and what benefits could it bring to your enterprise? Ellie Burns 4th January 2017 Latest in Analysis Economics of Big Software: What you need to know James Nunns 23rd December 2016 People Scientists and Chief People Officers – how great firms will keep their best staff in 2017 James Nunns 22nd December 2016 Markets Cyber security: What to expect from President Trump Alexander Sword 16th December 2016 What Is About Us Editorial Team Advertise With Us Contact Us Help Privacy Policy RSS Feeds Site Map White Papers © 2016 COMPUTER BUSINESS REVIEW. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Favourites Favorite list is empty.Clear favorites Your favorite posts saved to your browsers cookies. If you clear cookies also favorite posts will be deleted. Latest News on CBR Ransomware attack hits largest NHS trust 2 days ago Are Bots Ready to be Bankers? 3 days ago WhatsApp security backdoor could reveal business secrets 3 days ago Decline in iPhone sales sees Apple head to Hollywood 3 days ago The network perimeter has been breached – so how can you ensure digital protection in the cybercrime era? 3 days ago IBM unveils new family of all-flash storage for cognitive workloads 3 days ago MongoDB hackers target ElasticSearch in new wave of ransomware attacks 3 days ago Blockchain to save financial services $110bn over next three years 3 days ago DevOps Decoded – Gaining a competitive edge with speed, productivity and security 3 days ago Microsoft bins Azure pay-as-you-go model for new cloud customers 3 days ago Global IT spend in 2017 set to stall thanks to Brexit and Trump 3 days ago HPE, Schneider Electric deliver on micro data centre partnership 3 days ago Threat of revenue loss fails to drive home importance of network monitoring 4 days ago AWS looks to teach military vets cloud skills in IT training programme 4 days ago Microsoft ex-staffers sue after developing PTSD 4 days ago Equinix takes outs $1.05bn loan to help fund Verizon data centre deal 4 days ago
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Apple pulls New York Times apps in China after government request By Reuters Published: 07:59 EST, 5 January 2017 | Updated: 07:59 EST, 5 January 2017 e-mail By Cate Cadell and Aishwarya Venugopal BEIJING, Jan 5 (Reuters) - Apple Inc has removed the New York Times Co's English- and Chinese-language news apps from its iTunes store in China following a request from the local authorities, the companies said separately on Thursday. The apps, which the newspaper said were removed on Dec. 23, are the latest Western services to fall foul of Chinese authorities, whose other scalps include Apple's own iBooks and iTunes Movies stores which have been blocked since April. Their removal comes just over a month after the Cyberspace Administration of China called for greater media scrutiny, citing fears of social disorder, moral harm and threats to national security. The internet regulator did not respond to a faxed request for comment about the Times' apps. "The development of the internet in China must respect China's laws and regulations, in principle," foreign ministry spokesman Geng Shuang said in response to a question about the apps. New York Times spokeswoman Eileen Murphy told Reuters that the newspaper has asked Apple to reconsider. "The request by the Chinese authorities to remove our apps is part of their wider attempt to prevent readers in China from accessing independent news coverage by The New York Times of that country," Murphy said. The government has blocked the Times' websites since 2012 after a series of articles on the wealth of the family of then-Prime Minister Wen Jiabao, the New York Times reported. "We have been informed that the app is in violation of local regulations," Apple spokesman Fred Sainz in California told Reuters. An Apple spokeswoman in China declined to comment on specific reasons or which regulatory body made the request. Apple has previously removed news apps from its China app store, but none as high-profile as the New York Times. At least three other apps have been removed from the app store in recent years on the grounds of "illegal content", according to news reports and the apps' developers. Apps from other international publications whose websites are blocked, including CNN, The Wall Street Journal and the Financial Times, were still available on Thursday. Chinese mainstream media has not reported the app removal but it was discussed widely on social media. "This must be coming from the request of The Wall right?" said one user on microblogging service Weibo, referring to state-backed internet censorship. "Apple has made enough money in China, it's OK for it to take the blame this time for the sake of the money." Other users said they would attempt to change their country of residence within the app store to restore access. While the New York Times' websites have been blocked, mirroring sites managed by anti-censorship advocates have periodically made their content available. (Reporting by Cate Cadell and Aishwarya Venugopal; Additional Reporting by Christian Shepherd; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila and Christopher Cushing) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Alesha Dixon showcases her stunning curves in a wet-look PVC mini dress as she presents Dance, Dance, Dance 'A brotherhood beyond basketball': Lamar Odom spends time with NBA pals after leaving rehab and finalizing divorce from Khloe Kardashian Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka Revenge body! Bella Hadid flaunts her model figure as she joins sister Gigi for boxing workout after ex The Weeknd hooks up with Selena Gomez 'Music success has nothing to do with weight!': Una Healy slams Tom Jones after he says former The Voice winner Leanne Mitchell should 'trim down' 'My best friend!': Billie Faiers shows off her burgeoning bump in a white bardot minidress... as sister Sam shares cute throwback snap of the pair as kids 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Is the 10 calorie pot of jelly Charlotte Crosby 'carries with her everywhere' the secret to The Geordie Shore star's incredible 20 kilo weight loss? What will she do next? Baby Instagram star Millie-Belle Diamond, two, will walk the runway at New York Fashion Week - a year after launching her own label Rolls Royce of R&R! Inside the exclusive $4,500-a-week health retreat where Sam Armytage took time out to recharge her batteries ahead of her return to Sunrise Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'I'm wearing blue for one': Julie Snook returns to TV wearing cobalt coloured ensemble after 'jacketgate' with Nine News co-star  Sunday Funday! Julianne Hough steps out in fluffy white jacket with striped shirt and blue jeans in Hollywood All smiles as she enjoyed her day off  'Nollsy ya dead set rooster!': Ex-Australian Idol runner up Shannon Noll mocked in typical 'true blue' fashion by Facebook trolls after his strip club arrest And they're off! Julia Morris and Dr Chris Brown fly business class as they   jet off to South Africa to film I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll A boy's best friend! Madonna shares candid snap of her son David Banda resting with their puppy Olga  Queen of Pop was relaxing at home  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Rolling Stones guitarist Ronnie Wood's twin girls, their mother and Emma Bunton join Geri Horner for her baby shower  Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out Kale salad followed by 23 Oreos and a tub of ice cream: Jackie 'O' Henderson pokes fun at her diet... after admitting she'd fallen 'off the wagon' She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'There's a million different ways to please yourself, sexually': Fifty Shades Of Grey star Jamie Dorner says S&M doesn't 'float his boat' - but does admit to visiting a dungeon Going strong! Patrick Dempsey and longtime wife Jillian look in-sync as jet into Los Angeles...after calling off divorce  'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
msn back to msn home news web search Sign in Change language and content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Feedback Headlines India Science & Tech Crime World Offbeat Photos Video War On Black Money Hot In News UP Polls 2017 Specials Local My Topics Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health Food Travel Autos Video News Sections India World Science & Tech Photos My Topics Local Chinese Media Warns Beijing Of India's Takeover As World's Manufacturing Hub NDTV 05-01-2017 SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Jammu and Kashmir: Encounter underway between security forces and terrorists in Anantnag's Awoora village Serial rapist held after 13 years BEIJING: Apple expanding its business in India could have other tech giants follow suit and threaten China's position as the manufacturing powerhouse, Chinese state media said today, adding that Beijing will have to upgrade its manufacturing to further attract offshore production. "Apple's possible supply chain transfer to the South Asian country adds further pressure on China as its domestic manufacturers show a growing interest in offshore production to low-cost countries," the state-run Global Times said. Even as US President-elect Donald Trump pledges to bring manufacturing jobs back to the US, China's competitors seem to be further expanding their businesses offshore. An Apple manufacturing partner is working to build an assembly facility in India, the article said. "Whether India is ready to embrace the supply chain transfer and replicate China's success as a manufacturing powerhouse is another story. But the evolving landscape highlights the need for China to design a strategy to retain manufacturing jobs and upgrade its manufacturing industry to maintain competitiveness," it said. Apple's three major assemblers - Foxconn Technology Group, Pegatron Corp. and Wistron Corp - are all Taiwanese and any one could be willing to set up India operations. Despite Apple's bumpy journey to expand operations in India when its application to open stores was rejected because at least 30 percent of mobile parts production was not localised, an opportunity seems to have opened up as senior Indian officials have softened their stance, it said. Apple's three major assemblers - Foxconn Technology Group, Pegatron Corp. and Wistron Corp - are all Taiwanese and any one could be willing to set up India operations. If Apple decides to set up assembly facilities in India, more global tech giants may follow suit and China is likely to see a further transfer of the supply chain given India's abundant supply of working-age labourers and low labour costs. "And it won't be difficult for Wistron to make a large investment or generate jobs. Apple's partner Foxconn has displayed the potential for job creation in India," it said, adding, The article said that China can't afford to lose manufacturing jobs while it has not made a major breakthrough in upgrading its industry. It also warned Beijing of Donald Trump's plans to draw manufacturing jobs back to the US. It however said China's skilled labour was its edge over India. "Industrial competition between China and India comes down to the labour force, where costs and the level of skills are two major factors that influence business decisions. Although China has an edge having nurtured skilled workers over past decades, a majority of Indian states have an absolute labour cost advantage over China," it said. Advising China to scale up its manufacturing, the article said it should upgrade through restructuring and reorganisation of technologies, talents, capital and other resources. (With inputs from Press Trust of India) Go to MSN Home Go to MSN News Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behaviour that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment More From NDTV 1 crore new Jan Dhan accounts NDTV RSS should include more women: Advani NDTV Startups Exchange Learnings At Parallel Pongal Celebrations In Chennai NDTV Tradition Trumps Law As Tamil Nadu's Madurai Holds Jallikattu NDTV NDTV View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Terms of use About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Take MSN survey Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I am already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I am having problems with Top Destinations I am having issues with searching I am having problems with Featured Apps My Topics feedback Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help and Support If you have any questions about MSN India, please contact our Grievance Officer at indiaGOMSN@microsoft.com | +91-11-46502222
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlooks Autos Markets Markets Home Indices Stock Quotes India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities Funds India Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video India reluctant to give special tax incentives to Apple Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Asia | Fri Jan 6, 2017 | 10:21am IST India reluctant to give special tax incentives to Apple A salesman uses his iPhone at a mobile phone store in New Delhi, July 27, 2016. REUTERS/Adnan Abidi/File Photo By Manoj Kumar and Mayank Bhardwaj India is resisting tech giant Apple Inc's demand for tax incentives to make iPhones in the country, with the trade minister saying on Thursday that the government may not make exceptions for the U.S. company. Apple wants to open its own stores in India, but has been asked by the government to locally source at least some of the components, as part of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's bid to boost manufacturing in the country. Apple has sought tax concessions, including lower import and manufacturing duties, to make iPhones locally, according to a government official familiar with the situation. Trade Minister Nirmala Sitharaman said if India were to agree to any concessions, they would likely apply to all smartphone manufacturers, and not just Apple. Apple declined to comment. Apple's Chief Executive Tim Cook met Modi last May to talk about its plans to enter the Indian manufacturing and retail space. Cupertino, California-based Apple wants to boost iPhone sales in India, where it has only a roughly 2 percent market share, as sales in the United States and China slow. Smartphone component maker Wistron Corp, which counts Apple among its customers, has applied for permission to expand its plant in Bengaluru, a regional government official told Reuters on Monday. The tech giant had earlier asked for a permanent relaxation of rules requiring 30 percent local sourcing for foreign retailers setting up single-brand outlets, which was rejected by the finance ministry. India has relaxed these rules for just three years for single-brand foreign investors. India had also refused to allow Apple's proposal to import and sell refurbished mobile phones in India. The company has again sought a permanent waiver from local sourcing condition as it imports most of the handsets to sell in India and other countries, another official said. India offers capital subsidies for companies manufacturing electronics goods in India, coupled with tax incentives for investments in special economic zones and allows tax-free imports of some components used to make mobile handsets. "We have sent Apple's file to the revenue department," a top industry department official told Reuters. He said an inter-ministerial panel of the trade, electronics and finance ministry could take a final decision.   (Additional reporting by Sankalp Phartiyal in MUMBAI; Editing by Susan Thomas and Mark Potter) Next In Asia Bangladesh captain Mushfiqur 'fine' after taking hit to the head WELLINGTON Bangladesh captain Mushfiqur Rahim was taken to hospital on Monday after being hit on the head by a bouncer from New Zealand's Tim Southee but was reported to be doing "fine". Davos elite faces evaporating trust in 'post-truth' era DAVOS, Switzerland Trust in governments, companies and the media plunged last year as ballots from the United States to Britain to the Philippines rocked political establishments and scandals hit business. Ex-U.N. chief Ban narrows gap in opinion poll for South Korean presidency SEOUL An opinion poll released on Monday in South Korea showed former U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon in second place and narrowing the gap on the frontrunner among likely candidates to succeed President Park Geun-hye, who has been impeached by parliament. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories BUSINESS Philip Morris jolted by Indian proposal to ban foreign tobacco investment Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlooks Autos Markets Markets Home Indices Stock Quotes India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities Funds India Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video India reluctant to give special tax incentives to Apple Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Asia | Fri Jan 6, 2017 | 10:21am IST India reluctant to give special tax incentives to Apple A salesman uses his iPhone at a mobile phone store in New Delhi, July 27, 2016. REUTERS/Adnan Abidi/File Photo By Manoj Kumar and Mayank Bhardwaj India is resisting tech giant Apple Inc's demand for tax incentives to make iPhones in the country, with the trade minister saying on Thursday that the government may not make exceptions for the U.S. company. Apple wants to open its own stores in India, but has been asked by the government to locally source at least some of the components, as part of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's bid to boost manufacturing in the country. Apple has sought tax concessions, including lower import and manufacturing duties, to make iPhones locally, according to a government official familiar with the situation. Trade Minister Nirmala Sitharaman said if India were to agree to any concessions, they would likely apply to all smartphone manufacturers, and not just Apple. Apple declined to comment. Apple's Chief Executive Tim Cook met Modi last May to talk about its plans to enter the Indian manufacturing and retail space. Cupertino, California-based Apple wants to boost iPhone sales in India, where it has only a roughly 2 percent market share, as sales in the United States and China slow. Smartphone component maker Wistron Corp, which counts Apple among its customers, has applied for permission to expand its plant in Bengaluru, a regional government official told Reuters on Monday. The tech giant had earlier asked for a permanent relaxation of rules requiring 30 percent local sourcing for foreign retailers setting up single-brand outlets, which was rejected by the finance ministry. India has relaxed these rules for just three years for single-brand foreign investors. India had also refused to allow Apple's proposal to import and sell refurbished mobile phones in India. The company has again sought a permanent waiver from local sourcing condition as it imports most of the handsets to sell in India and other countries, another official said. India offers capital subsidies for companies manufacturing electronics goods in India, coupled with tax incentives for investments in special economic zones and allows tax-free imports of some components used to make mobile handsets. "We have sent Apple's file to the revenue department," a top industry department official told Reuters. He said an inter-ministerial panel of the trade, electronics and finance ministry could take a final decision.   (Additional reporting by Sankalp Phartiyal in MUMBAI; Editing by Susan Thomas and Mark Potter) Next In Asia Bangladesh captain Mushfiqur 'fine' after taking hit to the head WELLINGTON Bangladesh captain Mushfiqur Rahim was taken to hospital on Monday after being hit on the head by a bouncer from New Zealand's Tim Southee but was reported to be doing "fine". Davos elite faces evaporating trust in 'post-truth' era DAVOS, Switzerland Trust in governments, companies and the media plunged last year as ballots from the United States to Britain to the Philippines rocked political establishments and scandals hit business. Ex-U.N. chief Ban narrows gap in opinion poll for South Korean presidency SEOUL An opinion poll released on Monday in South Korea showed former U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon in second place and narrowing the gap on the frontrunner among likely candidates to succeed President Park Geun-hye, who has been impeached by parliament. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories BUSINESS Philip Morris jolted by Indian proposal to ban foreign tobacco investment Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Login All Reviews Editorials News Apple TV Apps Are About to get More Compelling Thanks to Less Restrictive File Sizes Jeff's 4 Must-have Touch Bar MacBook Pro Adapters Apple Shopping for Original TV Shows for Apple Music Tips macOS Tip: Option-Click Wi-Fi Icon For Details Apple Watch and iPhone: Filtering Your Activity Data Podcasts Consumer Reports Loves the Mac Again, Bigger Apple TV Apps - TMO Daily Observations 2017-01-13 Apple's TV Series Hunt, Pennies in Macs - TMO Daily Observations 2017-01-12 View All Results → iKlip Grip Pro an Excellent Multifunction Tripod, Monopod, Selfie Stick Minix NEO C Mini USB-C to HDMI: Low Cost, Low Weight Just Mobile's AluCharge 4-Port USB-A Charger Falls Just Short Matias Wireless Aluminum Keyboard: The Apple Keyboard You've Been Looking For Brydge 12.9 Aluminum Keyboard for iPad Pro Exudes Class View All Reviews → Apple's Underappreciated Technical Evolution 9th Circuit Allows App Store 'Monopoly' Class Action against Apple to Proceed Some People Have Found Coins In Their MacBook [Update] Apple's Product Vision May Be The Cause of Recent Departures Faster, Easier Photo Editing with Luminar View All Editorials → AAPL Q1 2017 Earnings Report Scheduled for January 31 Jim Tanous @MGGJim · +Jim Tanous Jan 5th, 2017 5:00 AM EST | News Apple this week scheduled the release of its earnings report for its first fiscal quarter for Tuesday, January 31, 2017. As is customary, the earnings report will be followed by a live conference call with Apple executives at 5:00 p.m. EST / 2:00 p.m. PST. This will be investors’ first look at how the new iPhone 7 and holiday shopping push affected the Cupertino company’s bottom line. Apple’s guidance for the quarter is in record-setting territory, with expected revenues of between $76 and $78 billion with gross margins between 38 and 38.5 percent. In the company’s fourth fiscal quarter of 2016, the company reported net income of $9 billion on $46.9 billion in revenue. Should Apple’s revenue fall within the range of its guidance, it will represent an all-time high, beating the $75.87 billion the company reported in its first fiscal quarter of 2016. Apple’s earnings report conference call will be live-streamed from the company’s investor relations website. Be sure to tune in to The Mac Observer for complete coverage and analysis following the earnings report’s release. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Email Print Tumblr Tags: AAPL, earnings Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Chris Lattner Refutes Claim He Left Apple Over 'Openness' Bryan Chaffin | January 13, 2017 Apple's Underappreciated Technical Evolution John Martellaro | January 13, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Are you the Resident Geek for your friends, family and co-workers? If so, you might enjoy hanging out with other like-minded folks on the Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group. Come join the fun! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $119.04 -0.21 (-0.18%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Apple TV Apps Are About to get More Compelling Thanks to Less Restrictive File Sizes Jeff's 4 Must-have Touch Bar MacBook Pro Adapters Apple Shopping for Original TV Shows for Apple Music Astropad Studio Turns Your iPad Pro into a Pro-level Mac Graphics Tablet Verizon Forcing Customers to Drop Their Unlimited Wireless Data Plans Recent Tips See All » macOS Tip: Option-Click Wi-Fi Icon For Details Apple Watch and iPhone: Filtering Your Activity Data Safari: Importing Bookmarks (The New Way!) iOS 10: Selectively Control Read Receipts For iMessage How to Connect Your 2016 MacBook Pro to a mini DisplayPort Monitor Recent Editorials See All » Apple's Underappreciated Technical Evolution 9th Circuit Allows App Store 'Monopoly' Class Action against Apple to Proceed Some People Have Found Coins In Their MacBook [Update] Apple's Product Vision May Be The Cause of Recent Departures Faster, Easier Photo Editing with Luminar 8910 Jim Tanous news 0 1483592435 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to main content The Straits Times Asia Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia East Asia SE Asia South Asia Australia/NZ World Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone herworldPLUS Lianhe Wanbao My Paper Omy razor SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property STCars STClassifieds STJobs STProperty STOMP tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper ZaoBao Print Edition ePaper Apple removes New York Times app from China store The New York Times says its English and Chinese apps were removed at the request of Beijing authorities. Apple has pulled the New York Times apps from its iTunes store in China following a request by authorities. PublishedJan 5, 2017, 7:58 pm SGT More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4P24 Copy BEIJING (AFP) - Apple has removed the New York Times from its China app store, the tech giant said, after authorities told the company the app breached regulations. The US newspaper said both its English- and Chinese-language apps were pulled late last month, blocking one of the few remaining channels for readers in China to access its reports. "For some time now the New York Times app has not been permitted to display content to most users in China, and we have been informed that the app is in violation of local regulations," Apple spokesman Carolyn Wu said in a statement to AFP. "As a result, the app must be taken down off the China App Store." When the situation changes, she added, Apple will offer the app again for download in China. The development marks the latest move by Beijing to suppress the newspaper's output in China, after the government blocked its website following a 2012 Times report saying that former Premier Wen Jiabao's family controlled assets worth US$2.7 billion (S$3.87 billion). Incoming correspondents for The New York Times were not given Chinese residence visas in apparent retaliation. China's Communist Party oversees a vast censorship apparatus designed to censor online content they deem politically sensitive, while blocking some Western websites and the services of Internet giants including Facebook, Twitter and Google. In recent months Beijing censors had "struggled" to prevent readers from using the Chinese-language app, the Times reported. A Times spokeswoman said the company had asked Apple to reconsider its decision, it added. "The request by the Chinese authorities to remove our apps is part of their wider attempt to prevent readers in China from accessing independent news coverage by The New York Times of that country," spokesman Eileen Murphy said. China has seen a sprawling crackdown on dissent under President Xi Jinping, restricting citizens' speech online and jailing hundreds of lawyers who had taken on civil rights cases considered sensitive by the ruling party. At the same time the world's No.2 economy is Apple's second-biggest market, and a key part of its supply chain, where many of its products are manufactured. Apple CEO Tim Cook is a frequent visitor to the People's Republic and the company has made several large-scale investments in the country. The California-based firm announced last year it will open two research and development centres in Beijing and Shenzhen. In December it bought a 30 per cent stake in wind farm projects across China that will produce 285 megawatts of power, its largest clean energy project to date. It poured US$1 billion into the ride hailing app Didi Chuxing in May, a move some observers saw as a strategic play to shore up sales in the Asian market and prepare for a rumoured move into self-driving cars. But Apple has also struggled with the country's Communist rulers, with its movie and book services shut down last year by Chinese authorities, shortly after launching. Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Geng Shuang told reporters Thursday that he was "not really aware" of the removal of the New York Times app. "What I can tell you is that the Chinese government always encourages and supports the development of the Internet," he added at a regular briefing. "But the development of the Internet in China must comply with Chinese rules and regulations. This is a principle." Apple has seen its smartphone market share eroded, beaten out by rising Chinese firms - market leader Huawei and three companies little known elsewhere, Vivo, Oppo and Xiaomi. Sales of the iPhone have slumped, with revenues in the key "Greater China" market down 30 per cent in the fourth quarter to US$8.8 billion, according to Apple's annual report. Topics:  CHINA APPLE MEDIA MOBILE APPS More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4P24 Copy BrandInsider Sponsored Content imda_a1-25298_2017jan16_300x200_st_native_ad.jpg Personal Data Protection Evolves with Technology st_native_300x200.jpg Meet Audi's A Team at Singapore Motorshow arrival-300x200.jpg Arrival: Finally, an alien movie we can believe in ha386_300x200_default.jpg Read the latest ST Specials and Supplements right here! Shopping Lowest price in SG! Only for FIRST 20 customers! Use $6 seller coupon and save on SK-II! Limited time only! Happiness comes in 3's! New Moon for your loved ones this CNY! Sign up now and win these at $1!! Exclusively on Qoo10! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2016 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Gartner Sees 2017 as a Stagnating Year for the Tech Sector | Main | Apple's Futuristic 'Acoustic' OLED Display for iDevices comes to Life at CES 2017 on Sony and LG Next-Gen TVs » January 05, 2017 Two Apple patents surfacing today cover a 3D Mapping Projector & the new Apple Store Glass Door System   Back in April Patently Apple posted a report titled "Apple Wins Design Patent for Large Swing-Out Glass Doors for Next Generation Apple Stores." "Today the US Patent & Trademark Office published a patent application from Apple that covers their utility patent for these glass doors which covers the technical side of their new door system. A second patent in this report covers a 3D mapping projector for iDevices and Macs that could be used to understand / interpret hand gestures to control games and apps. . Apple notes in their filing that "An aesthetically appealing and inviting doorway for a building or establishment may be an important tool for attracting business. For example, an aesthetically appealing and inviting storefront for a retail store may, among other things, be an important tool for attracting customers to the store. An aesthetically appealing an inviting storefront may encourage new customers to visit the store, create brand recognition, increase customer awareness of the store, and/or encourage repeat customers to visit the store.   Moreover, a storefront that is aesthetically appealing even when the store is closed may be an important tool for enticing new and repeat customers to visit the store and creating brand recognition. In some cases, a storefront that allows customers to view the interior of store when the store is closed increases customer awareness of the products for sale within the store.   Moreover, controlling the time and manner in which individuals enter a building may be desirable for crowd control. In some instances, automatic control of the time and manner in which individuals enter a building may be desirable.   For technical details on this invention see patent application 20170002604 which was filed in June 2016.   3D Mapping Projector Invention   Back in July Patently Apple posted a report titled "Apple Wins a Projector Patent allowing Hand Gestures to Control Game Play on iOS Devices." The patent covered a possible future iPhone using a projector that could read 3D images so as to interpret hand gestures that could be used in games and applications.   Apple noted that in "FIG. 1, a user's hand or body may be used to provide a gesture-based user interface, in which user movements detected by means of system control an interactive computer application, such as a game, in place of tactile interface elements such as a mouse, joystick or other accessory."   Today USPTO published a patent application from Apple titled "Projectors of structured light," which is a technical patent covering the same invention as the granted patent issued to them in July. To review the technical aspects of this invention see patent application 20170003122.   Patently Apple presents a detailed summary of patent applications with associated graphics for journalistic news purposes as each such patent application is revealed by the U.S. Patent & Trade Office. Readers are cautioned that the full text of any patent application should be read in its entirety for full and accurate details. About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.   Posted by Jack Purcher on January 05, 2017 at 04:59 AM in 1. Patent Applications, Apple Store , Projection Related | Permalink Comments The comments to this entry are closed. Search Recent Posts The Danger of Samsung Tanking Korea's Economy if their Chief Goes to Jail Weighs Heavily on Special Prosecution A New Patent Troll Lawsuit Claims that Apple's 'Messages' App Infringes their Acquired Patent from Voice Express Jimmy Iovine Confirms that Apple is creating an Entire Pop Cultural Experience for Apple Music Apple Releases Four TV Ads for AirPods Covering Notes, Siri, Pairing and Strolling A Next-Gen Smartphone Designed by Ex-Apple and Google Engineers will Launch Later this Year An Apple Pencil Patent describes a 3D Antenna and Magnet for Attaching to External Objects Apple Rumored to be Advancing the Anniversary iPhone's Water Resistance Feature to a Higher Level Samsung & Foxconn Jointly Invest in Israeli firm Core Photonics Possibly Delaying a Dual Lens Camera for Galaxy S8 It's a Long Shot, but TSMC wouldn't rule out Opening a U.S. Plant to Support U.S. Customers like Apple and Qualcomm Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related, Indoor Mapping Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
Skip to content Military Technologies pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 January 20175 January 2017 by D-Link Unveils First Apple HomeKit Enabled Camera LAS VEGAS, Jan. 5, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — INTERNATIONAL CES — D-Link today introduced the new Omna™ 180 Cam HD (DSH-C310), the Apple HomeKit enabled camera. The first in D-Link’s Omna family of HomeKit enabled devices, the Omna 180 Cam HD provides an easy way for users to monitor their home for extra peace of mind. With an elegant, modern design, the Omna 180 Cam HD offers a comprehensive 180-degree field of view to monitor an entire room and Full HD 1080p video quality for crystal clear surveillance. The HomeKit enabled camera includes advanced security features with end-to-end encryption and authentication between the camera and an iPhone, iPad, or iPod touch. Apple HomeKit technology also allows users to set up the 180 Cam HD within seconds, in just a few simple steps via the Apple Home app in iOS 10.1. Users can also get rich notifications on the lock screen of their iPhone or iPad via the Home app, showing a snapshot of what’s happening in their home when motion is detected. In addition, via HomeKit, the Omna 180 Cam HD can work seamlessly with other Homekit enabled devices including triggering scenes when motion is detected. “D-Link is excited to be providing consumers with our first HomeKit enabled camera, combining D-Link’s rich experience in IP cameras with Apple’s industry-leading home automation technology” said Anny Wei, president of D-Link. “We are committed to providing a better user experience for consumers, who will benefit from the enhanced functionality which the 180 Cam HD brings to the HomeKit ecosystem.” D-Link Omna 180 Cam HD (DSH-C310) Key Features Omna’s HomeKit integration allows users to be “always home.” Seeing everything through your iOS device offers extra peace of mind – keeping an eye on your baby in the nursery, checking on an elderly relative, watching your dog in the living room, or helping ensure homes are safe while on vacation.1 180-Degree Field of View – Omna is derived from the Latin word ‘omnis’ meaning all-encompassing. Most cameras offer a limited 130-degree lens, while D-Link’s unique 180-degree solutions and de-warping technology allow users to see just about everywhere and everything. Dynamic Video Streaming – The video bitrate continuously adjusts to ensure optimal performance given the available bandwidth. Two-Way Audio – Listen and speak using the camera’s built-in microphone and speaker, so even when users are not at home they can still make their presence known.  Night Vision – See up to 16 feet in complete darkness with infrared night vision. Local Recording – Record motion detection triggered video clips directly to a microSDXC card up to 128 GB. Offers more flexibility on recording video locally to the camera without impacting network or Internet bandwidth, all with no recurring monthly fees. Omna App – Advanced features are available on the free Omna companion app. Stylish Design – The camera is designed to fit effortlessly into the modern home with an elegant, discreet and stylish design. Motion Detection – Triggers alerts and automatic video clip recording. Availability and Pricing The Omna 180 Cam HD (DSH-C310) will be available in Q1 2017. More information is available online at us.dlink.com. About D-Link D-Link is the global leader in connectivity for home, small business, mid- to large-sized enterprise environments, and service providers. An award-winning designer, developer, and manufacturer, D-Link implements and supports unified network solutions that integrate capabilities in switching, wireless, broadband, storage, IP Surveillance, and cloud-based network management. For more information visit us.dlink.com, or connect with D-Link on Facebook (http://www.facebook.com/dlink) and Twitter (www.twitter.com/dlink) and D-Link’s Blog (http://blog.dlink.com/). D-Link and the D-Link logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of D-Link Corporation or its subsidiaries. Apple and Siri are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. HomeKit is a trademark of Apple Inc. All other third-party marks mentioned herein may be trademarks of their respective owners. Copyright © 2017. D-Link. All Rights Reserved. 1 Controlling the Omna 180 Cam HD  away from home requires an Apple TV (4th generation or later) and an iPhone, iPad, or iPod touch with iOS 10.1 or later. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/d-link-unveils-first-apple-homekit-enabled-camera-300386195.html SOURCE D-Link Tagspeace, service Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Inventionland Teams Up With Pittsburgh Steelers, Chevron To Recognize Classroom Excellence Next PostNext AOBiome Partners with iCarbonX and Secures $30 Million Investment for Drug Development Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts SonnySave.com Launches New Responsive Website 16 January 2017 Sammy Networks startet Vertrieb von „Ramen Soul” – die englische Version des beliebten Ramen Shop-Managementspiels für Smartphones „Ramen Tamashii” mit über fünf Millionen Downloads 16 January 2017 Chinese Retail Giant Suning Unveils Artificial Intelligence Strategy at CES 16 January 2017 Ecoppia Completes 40MW Deployment in EDF RE /Arava-Power Middle Eastern Solar Park 16 January 2017 San Francisco Certified Auto Body Shop Collision Repair Service Update Launched 16 January 2017 Staten Island Magician Ventriloquist Birthday Party Magic Show Services Launched 16 January 2017 Clean and Clear Earns Esteemed 2016 Angie's List Super Service Award 16 January 2017 Las Vegas MMA Personal Training Get Fit Gym CrossFit Problems Report Launched 16 January 2017 Mueller Sports Medicine Introduces Omniforce Support Garments 16 January 2017 Orthofix International NV (NASDAQ:OFIX) Investor Investigation over potential Wrongdoing 16 January 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jan 15, 10:54 PM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Apple AirPods Alternatives: Samsung IconX, Sony's Upcoming Wireless Earbuds And More By Rishabh Jain On 01/05/17 AT 6:30 AM Close AirPods, the wireless earphones from Apple, have been in high demand despite the demand for the tech giant's iPhone 7 slowing down. However, they are not the only wireless earphones in the market. In fact, they are not even the first ones available in the market. In case you haven’t been able to get your hands on them because of availability or price issues, there are other alternatives available. For instance, Sony showcased its own wireless earphones at CES 2017 on Wednesday. Currently no price or date of availability has been announced for the product. But, if you are still looking for alternatives to Apple’s AirPods, here are some that could be worth considering: Samsung Gear IconX Samsung Gear IconX earphones made their debut alongside the now defunct Note 7 device. The IconX received much less attention than the AirPods despite being earlier on the scene due to the Note 7 fiasco. The IconX earphones work in a similar fashion as the AirPods as they too have a battery case for recharging and carrying the earphones. In addition to listening to music, they can also be used for exercise tracking. Unlike AirPods, Samsung’s earphones are in-ear earphones. In terms of design, the IconX are designed to fit into your earlobes compared to AirPods, which hang from your ear like large Q-tips. They also repel water and sweat and work with smartphones having Android 4.4 or above and at least 1.5GB of RAM. You can also use their 4GB internal storage to listen to music on the go without carrying a smartphone. At $200, they are slightly more expensive than Apple’s device. Jabra Elite Sport Jabra, which generally makes earphones and speakers, has come out with its own wireless earphone. The company claims that its Elite Sport wireless earphones can last up to 9 hours on a single charge. The earphones are compatible with both iOS and Android devices. Users can press a button on the earphones to filter the sounds from their surroundings. The earphones come with a built-in heart rate monitor and exercise tracker. Users can also get personalized audio coaching, which they can sign up for using the Jabra app. The $249.99 earphones are waterproof and come with a three-year sweat damage warranty. Powerbeats 3 Wireless Powerbeats 3 Wireless earphones look slightly different from other wireless earphones as they are connected to each other instead of being independent units. They are built to have a secure grip on your ear, so they wouldn’t fall even if you are twisting and twirling while wearing them. The $199.95 earphones come with adjustable ear hooks and a RemoteTalk button that can be used to take calls. They too come with a carrying-cum-charging case and the company claims that the device can last 12 hours on a single charge. Earin M2 The Earin M2 wireless earphones are more compact than AirPods. They can be plugged into the ear without a hanging end like the one on the AirPods. The earphones, which were launched Tuesday, come with a tap to pause/play feature similar to AirPods. In terms of battery life, they can run for about 3 hours on one charge. Both earbuds are connected using NFC. Related Stories Apple AirPods: Supplier Expanding Production After High Demand iFixit Declares AirPods Impossible To Repair The earphones are expected to be available in the first quarter of 2017 at a price of about $249. Motorola VerveOnes Plus Motorola debuted its wireless earbuds at Mobile World Congress 2016. The VerveOnes Plus, priced at $250, is IP57 waterproof. Like AirPods, they come with a charging case. The VerveOnes Plus is designed keeping in mind music enthusiasts and come with 6 EQ presets that can be set using the VerveLife app. Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business Takata Close To Faulty Airbag Settlement The settlement with DOJ reportedly includes a $25 million criminal fine, $125 million in victim compensation, and $850 million to compensate automakers. Technology Galaxy S7, S7 Edge Get Android Nougat Update However, it may be a while before HTC pushes out the official update for its HTC 10 device World Diplomats Warn US Against Moving Embassy To Jerusalem Israel did not attend Sunday's peace conference, saying it was "rigged" against the Jewish state. National Scottish Newspaper Lists Trump Inauguration As Episode Of 'Twilight Zone' Trump is to be sworn into office Friday. The Scottish Sunday Herald characterized it as the start of a "huge interactive virtual reality project." © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska D-Link Unveils First Apple HomeKit Enabled Camera New D-Link® Omna™ 180 Cam HD Supports Apple's Smart Home Ecosystem News provided by D-Link Jan 05, 2017, 06:15 ET Share this article LAS VEGAS, Jan. 5, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- INTERNATIONAL CES -- D-Link today introduced the new Omna™ 180 Cam HD (DSH-C310), the Apple HomeKit enabled camera. The first in D-Link's Omna family of HomeKit enabled devices, the Omna 180 Cam HD provides an easy way for users to monitor their home for extra peace of mind. With an elegant, modern design, the Omna 180 Cam HD offers a comprehensive 180-degree field of view to monitor an entire room and Full HD 1080p video quality for crystal clear surveillance. The HomeKit enabled camera includes advanced security features with end-to-end encryption and authentication between the camera and an iPhone, iPad, or iPod touch. Apple HomeKit technology also allows users to set up the 180 Cam HD within seconds, in just a few simple steps via the Apple Home app in iOS 10.1. Users can also get rich notifications on the lock screen of their iPhone or iPad via the Home app, showing a snapshot of what's happening in their home when motion is detected. In addition, via HomeKit, the Omna 180 Cam HD can work seamlessly with other Homekit enabled devices including triggering scenes when motion is detected. Continue Reading The first in D-Link's Omna family of HomeKit enabled devices, the Omna 180 Cam HD (DSH-C310) provides an easy way for users to monitor their home for extra peace of mind. "D-Link is excited to be providing consumers with our first HomeKit enabled camera, combining D-Link's rich experience in IP cameras with Apple's industry-leading home automation technology" said Anny Wei, president of D-Link. "We are committed to providing a better user experience for consumers, who will benefit from the enhanced functionality which the 180 Cam HD brings to the HomeKit ecosystem." D-Link Omna 180 Cam HD (DSH-C310) Key Features Omna's HomeKit integration allows users to be "always home." Seeing everything through your iOS device offers extra peace of mind – keeping an eye on your baby in the nursery, checking on an elderly relative, watching your dog in the living room, or helping ensure homes are safe while on vacation.1 180-Degree Field of View – Omna is derived from the Latin word 'omnis' meaning all-encompassing. Most cameras offer a limited 130-degree lens, while D-Link's unique 180-degree solutions and de-warping technology allow users to see just about everywhere and everything. Dynamic Video Streaming – The video bitrate continuously adjusts to ensure optimal performance given the available bandwidth. Two-Way Audio – Listen and speak using the camera's built-in microphone and speaker, so even when users are not at home they can still make their presence known.  Night Vision – See up to 16 feet in complete darkness with infrared night vision. Local Recording – Record motion detection triggered video clips directly to a microSDXC card up to 128 GB. Offers more flexibility on recording video locally to the camera without impacting network or Internet bandwidth, all with no recurring monthly fees. Omna App – Advanced features are available on the free Omna companion app. Stylish Design – The camera is designed to fit effortlessly into the modern home with an elegant, discreet and stylish design. Motion Detection – Triggers alerts and automatic video clip recording. Availability and Pricing The Omna 180 Cam HD (DSH-C310) will be available in Q1 2017. More information is available online at us.dlink.com. About D-Link D-Link is the global leader in connectivity for home, small business, mid- to large-sized enterprise environments, and service providers. An award-winning designer, developer, and manufacturer, D-Link implements and supports unified network solutions that integrate capabilities in switching, wireless, broadband, storage, IP Surveillance, and cloud-based network management. For more information visit us.dlink.com, or connect with D-Link on Facebook (http://www.facebook.com/dlink) and Twitter (www.twitter.com/dlink) and D-Link's Blog (http://blog.dlink.com/). D-Link and the D-Link logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of D-Link Corporation or its subsidiaries. Apple and Siri are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. HomeKit is a trademark of Apple Inc. All other third-party marks mentioned herein may be trademarks of their respective owners. Copyright © 2017. D-Link. All Rights Reserved. 1 Controlling the Omna 180 Cam HD  away from home requires an Apple TV (4th generation or later) and an iPhone, iPad, or iPod touch with iOS 10.1 or later.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/d-link-unveils-first-apple-homekit-enabled-camera-300386195.html SOURCE D-Link Related Links http://us.dlink.com/ Jan 05, 2017, 23:30 ET Preview: D-Link Systems, Inc. Responds to FTC Complaint Defending Security Practices for Consumer Routers and IP Cameras Jan 04, 2017, 06:15 ET Preview: New D-Link Modem Delivers IoT Connected by Verizon My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Jan 10, 2017, 19:00 ETD-Link Systems Inc. Enlists Cause of Action Institute to Defend... Jan 05, 2017, 23:30 ETD-Link Systems, Inc. Responds to FTC Complaint Defending Security... Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Consumer Electronics Utilities New Products & Services Trade Show News You just read: D-Link Unveils First Apple HomeKit Enabled Camera News provided by D-Link Jan 05, 2017, 06:15 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Home Business All Companies Enterprise Comms Start-ups Discovery All Innovation Machines Earth Science Careers All Advice People Employers Jobs Life All Trending Gear Play Video All More Subscribe Advertise About Contact us BUSINESS DISCOVERY CAREERS LIFE VIDEO MORE Tweet Share Email ALL COMPANIES ENTERPRISE COMMS START-UPS It’s time to return the hamburger menu to sender Brexit’s drying up of talent pool a major worry in UK Win tickets to Inspirefest 2017 – and an added surprise Last few super early bird tickets available for Inspirefest 2017 Hazel Moore: Banks are completely wasting valuable customer data The danger of pushing design decisions downstream Weekend takeaway: Super, scientific, bright, young things Is Google planning a 400-job expansion for Dublin? Leaders’ Insights: Aisling Curtis, Microsoft Ireland Apple will soon have earned $1trn from iOS devices since 2007 Android Wear 2.0 out soon, ahead of two new smartwatch releases Samsung says 96pc of all Galaxy Note7 devices have been returned The five-minute CIO: Richard Corbridge, HSE Backdoor found in WhatsApp encryption that allows snooping (updated) iPhone cracking firm Cellebrite has been hacked Fortress Europe: EU transport networks vulnerable to cyberattacks Users beware: Your browser’s autofill opens you up to phishing danger Adobe and Microsoft release wave of 2017 security patches Google ditches internet-supplying drone project, sticks with balloons SFI-funded team named as part of €5m EU 5G broadband project New EU telecoms privacy rules will hit Facebook and Google in pocket Nokia to develop 5G in France through R&D pact with B-com State of the Irish broadband nation 2017: Let’s declare broadband access a human right €2.2m scheme to bring 26,000 Irish citizens into the digital world Fintech start-up Flender achieves £500,000 crowdfunding target Drone start-up ceases operations despite €34m in pre-orders Opsh founders step aside, citing a ‘notoriously difficult investment chasm’ New Irish start-up fund seeking entrepreneurs from ‘all sectors’ Start-up Advice: Síofra Flood, consultant COO and general counsel Venture capital stalled: Deals and dollars plummet in 2016 ALL INNOVATION MACHINES EARTH SCIENCE Doodling and maths: A matter of black and white Can you divide up the music budget evenly using maths? Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase A game of two halves, but maths will be the real winner Can you logic your way to €1m? Lies, Boolean logic and crime scenes: Chapter One BTYSTE day 4: Young scientists use Lego and deep neural networks to solve problems The future is secure in the hands of 2017’s Young Scientist winner BTYSTE day 3: Li-Fi, tractor safety and an investigation of HPV vaccine side effects Physics industry worth €38bn per year to Irish economy, claims body Watch: Ruby seadragons filmed in the wild for first time Rogue 9: New simulation suggests distant origin of ‘Planet 9’ Och AI: Will machines ever really decipher Scottish or Irish accents? IoT global round-up: China hits the road, 5G studies speed up EU backs report calling for robot civil law, but also kill switches Why storing renewable energy is critical US fighter jets drop self-healing micro-drones in field test Beijing KFC using facial recognition tech to predict your order How many people could live on Earth? Forget a climate shift in centuries, more like decades, climatologists claim WeForest doubles crowdfunding target to empower Indian village World awaits birth of ‘baby dragons’ in Slovenia Gold and platinum discovered in south-east Irish streams The bees are still in trouble, so we are too ALL ADVICE PEOPLE EMPLOYERS JOBS What will career development look like in 2017? Law Society of Ireland launches course on social media Find out how your companies’ diversity programmes are working out ICT sector will see pay increases and bonuses in 2017 Are tech professionals the most mobile workforce in the world? Is 2017 the year to make a change in your career? We can help 8 ways you can manage your time better 4 ways to make sure your skills are future-proof How to build your confidence before an interview Project management in the 21st century 10 simple steps to help you get a pay rise So you want to be an astronaut Head Stemette Anne-Marie Imafidon honoured with MBE Is unconscious bias keeping you from the best talent? Learn how to combat it Video game developer Brianna Wu plans to run for US Congress Designing a runway revolution: ‘To go viral, you need a virus’ 10 Twitter influencers you need to follow for expert career advice 30 incredible Irish people leading a European invasion Aerie Pharmaceuticals is to create 50 new jobs in Athlone What kind of UX jobs can I get? Amazon to deliver 100,000 new US jobs in the next 18 months Video sharing start-up Overcast to create 70 jobs at Irish HQ Does cybersecurity have the most dangerous talent gap? Salaries set to rise in Ireland as IT and pharma sectors continue to grow ALL GEAR PLAY TRENDING Deaths in 2016 dominated Wikipedia’s top 10 list of edits this year Twitter tweaks tweets: Search results to be displayed by relevance Facebook will now notify you when it thinks you’re looking at fake news Facebook creates Parents Portal to help keep children safe online 2016 Google Year in Search: What did Ireland search this year? ISPCC warning: ‘Cyber safety is the child protection issue of our time’ Consumer Reports recommends MacBook Pro again after bug fix WhatsApp’s arduous path to GIF support nears completion HTC U Ultra and U Play phones a notable shift for flagging company Razer triple-screen laptop prototypes stolen from CES Kingston crams 2TB of storage into single USB thumb drive Possible Apple ‘theatre mode’ could help people use phones in cinemas Irish release date for Nintendo Switch revealed, but price could be an issue Harry’s back and he’s all fired up with ‘PizzaBot: Reheated’ Netflix arrives as an app on Virgin TV boxes with 6-month offer Fallout 4 fan spots peculiar stock footage in a CNN Russian hack story 15 fantastic shows to binge on over the holidays Social saves the radio star: Facebook reveals Live Audio platform ’Tis the season: Google celebrates with festive Doodles First day of winter celebrated with solstice Google Doodle 5 last-minute stocking fillers for Christmas Where was every Star Wars movie filmed? This map reveals all Trump, Enda, Brady and Bowie dominate Facebook in 2016 Adele and Conor McGregor star in top trending videos of 2016 ALL Competitive Start Fund can be a turning point for start-ups Look what a little love for Irish research can achieve Poornima Vijayashanker on why it’s good to be the ‘token’ in the boardroom Diverse teams at PwC offer great learning opportunities Help Huawei create the video of the future Marketing’s greatest trick is embracing storytelling ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE CONTACT ABOUT ENTERPRISE Apple gives in to China’s demands to pull New York Times app by Colm Gorey 5 Jan 20179 Shares New York Times app. Image: ymgerman/Shutterstock The Chinese government has won its latest battle in the war against The New York Times, with news that Apple has agreed to remove the app from its China App Store as it is “in violation of local regulations”. As Apple continues to rapidly expand its operations in China, the corporate giant has, on a number of occasions in 2016, given in to the will of the country’s government surrounding demands made on its citizens’ data. The company has shown itself to be willing to bow to pressure again, with regard to China’s tough internet censorship stance against websites and online services that the government deems unacceptable. Years of grievances According to the The New York Times, its mobile apps – in both English and Mandarin – on iOS were hastily removed by Apple from the App Store on 23 December. China’s issues with the news organisation stem from a series of articles that appeared in 2012 about the former prime minister Wen Jiabao and the wealth his family had accumulated during the time he was in office. In response to what it saw as wrongful criticism of its government, the Cyberspace Administration of China (CAC) ruled that no The New York Times online content could be made available in China, joining a list of websites that include YouTube, Facebook and Google. A spokesperson for the organisation has said the news came as a shock to its bureau in Beijing, and that the CAC would not respond to any questions from it. Apple responds Meanwhile, the The New York Times contacted Apple to seek an answer as to what exact reason was behind it deciding to agree to China’s demands to pull the app. In response, an Apple spokesperson, Fred Sainz, said: “For some time now, the New York Times app has not been permitted to display content to most users in China and we have been informed that the app is in violation of local regulations. “As a result, the app must be taken down off the China App Store. When this situation changes, the App Store will once again offer the New York Times app for download in China.” While it remains unknown as to what exact piece of legislation was behind this decision, it has been suggested it is linked to one passed in June of last year. Under the ruling, China has said that no app could “engage in activities prohibited by laws and regulations such as endangering national security, disrupting social order and violating the legitimate rights and interests of others”. The paper has added that in the weeks prior to 23 December, it had been working on a number of articles critical of the Chinese government, including one alleging that billions of dollars’ worth of subsidies are illegally given to Apple’s biggest iPhone manufacturer in China, Foxconn. New York Times app. Image: ymgerman/Shutterstock Related: censorship, Apple, media, China Colm Gorey is a journalist with Siliconrepublic.com editorial@siliconrepublic.com You May Also Like You May Also Like Companies Apple to open $45m R&D hub in Beijing, China 29 Sep 20167 Shares Hiring Now Informing, entertaining and connecting the world Keeps files safe, synced and easy to share Life-changing career opportunities for you Be part of a globally successful team Companies Is Facebook working on software to get past Great Firewall of China? 23 Nov 20169 Shares Enterprise Both Apple and Google cooperate with Russia in removing LinkedIn app 6 days ago96 Shares SUBSCRIBE TO OUR E-ZINE Sign up to receive weekly alerts bringing the best of Siliconrepublic.com straight to your inbox. Submit Email Companies Apple reveals plans for second China R&D hub in two months 12 Oct 20163 Shares Companies Apple pays $118m tax in Japan on earnings sent to Ireland 16 Sep 201659 Shares Enterprise Ireland: A base for 14 of the world’s fastest-growing cloud companies 16 Sep 2016466 Shares Latest News BTYSTE day 4: Young scientists use Lego and deep neural networks to solve problems 1 day ago Och AI: Will machines ever really decipher Scottish or Irish accents? 1 day ago The future is secure in the hands of 2017’s Young Scientist winner 1 day ago BTYSTE day 3: Li-Fi, tractor safety and an investigation of HPV vaccine side effects 1 day ago Weekend takeaway: Super, scientific, bright, young things 1 day ago The five-minute CIO: Richard Corbridge, HSE 1 day ago Physics industry worth €38bn per year to Irish economy, claims body 1 day ago Fintech start-up Flender achieves £500,000 crowdfunding target 1 day ago 8 ways you can manage your time better 1 day ago Watch: Ruby seadragons filmed in the wild for first time 2 days ago IoT global round-up: China hits the road, 5G studies speed up 2 days ago Backdoor found in WhatsApp encryption that allows snooping (updated) 2 days ago Aerie Pharmaceuticals is to create 50 new jobs in Athlone 2 days ago What will career development look like in 2017? 2 days ago Rogue 9: New simulation suggests distant origin of ‘Planet 9’ 2 days ago Irish release date for Nintendo Switch revealed, but price could be an issue 2 days ago Consumer Reports recommends MacBook Pro again after bug fix 2 days ago TCD researcher Sabina Brennan puts brain health on the radar 2 days ago Google ditches internet-supplying drone project, sticks with balloons 2 days ago Is Google planning a 400-job expansion for Dublin? 2 days ago What kind of UX jobs can I get? 2 days ago The future is bright for these 25 amazing young scientists 2 days ago Drone start-up ceases operations despite €34m in pre-orders 2 days ago iPhone cracking firm Cellebrite has been hacked 2 days ago More from Business Latest News Home About Contact Advertise Subscribe Privacy Policy All content copyright 2002-2017 Silicon Republic Knowledge & Events Management Ltd. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved. Designed by Zero-G and Square1.io Silicon Republic Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
Skip Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Menu Technology Leadership Magazine Most Innovative Companies Most Creative People Video News Subscribe Collections The Most Innovative Companies The top 50 companies in entertainment, media, sports, technology, and more. Most Creative People Meet this year's inspiring leaders. Innovation By Design A showcase for ingenious design solutions. World Changing Ideas New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine—even an entirely new economic system. Progress Is Possible See how these entrepreneurs reinvented themselves to achieve progress. Created for and commissioned by Principal Financial Out of Office With Industry leaders offer a glimpse of their lives outside of the office--and how these experiences have helped to get them where they are today. Creative Conversations Creative dialogue can reinvent your business, your brand, and your career. Join Fast Company on a multi-platform exploration of the art of conversation. Mind and Machine Computers are getting smart--very smart. Fast Company explains the complex and increasingly influential world of artificial intelligence and machine learning. It’s Good Not To Be Home A collaboration to elevate and enhance the Hyatt Regency hotel experience. Master Class How the top talent from creative fields get work done. Fast Forward Created for and commissioned by Workday. Startup Report The up-and-coming companies that are disrupting industries. Innovation Agents Profiles of the high-level business leaders behind progressive, creative, and innovative organizations Tech Forecast A roundup of breaking tech news, products, and services featuring the most important takeaways. Current Issue Subscribe Follow Fast Company We’ll come to you. long read Innovation Agents How Volunteer Reviewers Are Saving The World From Crummy—Even Dangerous—USB-C Cables Helpful though they are, plucky small bands of testers can't make up for the lack of independent consumer-focused labs for tech equipment. [Photo: Flickr user MiNe] More from Innovation Agents As Obama Leaves, He Leads Tour Of "The People's" White House In New 360-Degree Video The Uneasy Truth Behind Amazon’s Hiring Blitz And What Startups Are Doing To Fix It 11 Beauty Startups To Watch In 2017 Glenn Fleishman 01.05.17 6:00 AM Benson Leung didn't set out to become a prominent cable tester, whose work is cited from one end of the internet to the other. But this role was thrust upon him because of his know-how, his access to test equipment, and his interest in serving users of hardware he helped create. And it filled a hole left by a fading standby of the computer world: test labs associated with tech magazines. A member of the Google team that developed 2015's Pixel C tablet, Leung worked on the software that handled the device's USB data and charging. The Pixel C was among the first devices that used USB-C, along with Apple's 12-inch MacBook, which shipped around the same time. USB-C epitomizes the "universal" in Universal Serial Bus. It uses a connector that comes in a single shape and size, escaping the various full-sized and micro flavors of other USB types. It's reversible, so there's no preferred orientation to plug into a jack. While it handles USB 2 and 3 (up to 10 Gbps), through so-called "alternate modes," USB-C also handles the DisplayPort and Mobile High-Definition Link (MHL) standards, permitting it to be used to hook a PC, tablet, or phone up to a display. In addition, USB-C adapters can convert data flow to Ethernet, FireWire, and other protocols. (Intel adopted USB-C for its 40 Gbps Thunderbolt 3 standard—used in Apple's new MacBook Pros, and backwards compatible with everything else USB-C supports.) Apple MacBook with USB-C Ports[Photo: Flickr user Maurizio Pesce] All the universality in the world doesn't help if all the pieces of the ecosystem aren't up to snuff. An early Pixel C tester told Leung that some third-party USB-C cables had issues. Sometimes he couldn't charge, sometimes data wouldn't transfer, and—worst of all—sometimes the cable would undercharge via a hub or charger, causing a brownout. "Upon closer inspection, I determined that the cables themselves were faulty, not our Type-C implementation," Leung says. Leung started ordering cables for sale on Amazon in mid-2015, and found that eight out of 10 of the best-selling ones were out of compliance with the USB-C standard. They were missing necessary electrical components or had the wrong ones, and could allow what he labels "dangerous conditions." That's problematic, because Type-C is the first standard conduit for USB that's being widely used to carry power far above the maximum 12 watts common for mobile devices, permitting it to replace the proprietary laptop power bricks that have been around for decades. Apple's new 15-inch MacBook Pro, for instance, can draw a hefty 87W over its USB-C connection. A cable that's not in spec and is pulling that much juice can cause real harm, damaging a laptop or mobile device, or potentially causing a fire. (A proprietary power variant, Quick Charge 2.0 and 3.0 from Qualcomm, uses a USB Type-A connector—the larger, more familiar port found on most computers—and can handle up to tens of watts paired with the right cable and adapter or USB battery pack.) Leung started performing more rigorous tests and leaving detailed reviews on Amazon, the sole source for some of these cables and adapters, as part of his work on USB Type-C at Google. By late 2015, his reviews were the go-to source for knowing which USB-C items to trust. Some people created spreadsheets to help track his reviews, and he linked to them from a section on his Google+ page. In February 2016, he published a review that 4,258 Amazon users have voted "helpful" and which has been linked to innumerable times since. "[This] cable (1-star review score, straight off) seriously damaged the laptop computer I am using for these reviews, a Chromebook Pixel 2015, and two USB PD [Power Delivery] Sniffer devices (Twinkie)," it reported. A Leung Amazon review of a particularly problematic USB-C cable. Leung has found other recruits along the way, who have volunteered to test hardware in a rigorous fashion and report their results. Chief among them is Nathan Kolluru, who evaluates gear at his own expense and on his own time. Kolluru isn't affiliated with Google, but he has been recognized by Google's review program as a Top Contributor, due to the positive response from his posts. Kolluru has also seen the downside of being fully independent: In July, he wrote about a warning from Amazon that he risked termination of his Prime account after he tried to return some non-standards-compliant cables. But surely this isn't how the hardware world should work for consumers. Shouldn't there be a formal source of information about a new technology's promise and pitfalls that isn't reliant on manufacturers and industry trade groups? Well, yes, there should. And for a glorious few decades there was, in the form of test labs at computer and other electronics trade magazines. Before the rise of the internet, tech companies that wanted to reach consumers and businesses bought advertising in magazines such as PC Magazine, PCWorld, and InfoWorld. That made such publications highly profitable, which funded large staffs and testing labs. A USB-C cable and some of the port variants it's compatible with. The labs often borrowed equipment from manufacturers for short-term tests, but also had budgets to buy and retain hardware to test over time and across generations, as well as purchase, train on, and operate professional testing gear. That era is now a distant memory, as tech companies spend ad budgets more efficiently on the internet and shift much of their dollars from media sites to social networks. The closest thing that remains at any scale is probably The Wirecutter, recently purchased by the New York Times. It carries out rigorous testing, but relies on freelancers and outside lab partners, and has a tight focus on consumer gear that has the most interest, not the huge array of tech that magazine labs used to prod and review, sometimes in reviews that appeared on the day of a product's release. Product still get reviewed, of course, but rarely using precisely the same tests, equipment, and circumstances over time. Publications such as The Verge, the Wall Street Journal, and PCWorld focus on products where the consumer and business interests are, and where the money is: laptops, TV sets/monitors, phones, and a limited number of related categories. While Consumer Reports still has labs in which it tests appliances, cars, and electronics, its recent report that Apple's MacBook Pro models had erratic and widely varying battery life revealed a problem: The results seemed impossible, but no other organization had tested as extensively as a check or confirmation. Making USB-C Behave The USB Implementors Forum (USB-IF) creates the specifications used by manufacturers across the USB ecosystem, some of whom sit on the group's board and participate deeply in the standards creation process. It continues to fill the role it has had for many years in the consumer/manufacturer relationship. "USB Type-C is literally the name of the connector or port and/or the cable and connector," explains Jeff Ravencraft, the president of the USB-IF. Type-C doesn't cover the protocols that run across it, some of which are separately handled by the USB-IF and some by other trade groups. Ravencraft's group offers a certification program to both members and non-members that allow the USB trademarks to appear in marketing and on a product. Products that pass certification meet a suite of technical parameters. But everything that calls itself USB hasn't necessarily gone through that testing. One thing the organization aims to ensure via compliance is a graceful fallback. "We always want to ensure there's no silent failure for the consumer," Ravencraft says. If a cable can't deliver 50W of power, it should deliver some power. If it can't handle USB 3.0, it should work at USB 2.0 speeds. But Ravencraft says the USB-IF's true power is limited to policing when devices that carry its marks don't meet its specs and when hardware it hasn't certified uses its logos. "We will take action if we see something that we're aware of that may be harmful," he says. "If we believe we have grounds to intervene, we do that quite regularly." USB-C has been a tougher nut for the trade group than previous iterations, because "this isn't grandma or grandpa's USB 2.0," Ravencraft says. Type C is much more difficult for hardware makers to implement, which means it's tougher to deliver products to spec. "Not just any garage shop can throw together these products and have them work right," he says. It has been "very difficult and very hard" to ensure that consumers get exactly what they believe they're paying for. The USB-IF works with retailers and government agencies worldwide to deal with trademark violations related to bad or dangerous USB-labeled products. This can include blocking imports. Meanwhile, Amazon and other brick-and-mortar and online stores don't test cables, dongles, adapters, and other associated doodads offered for sale by third-party sellers and brand-name companies, some of which use Amazon as their sole sales channel. But they have a working relationship with the USB-IF that goes both ways for reporting problems. Ravencraft admits that it has been "very difficult and very hard" to ensure that consumers get exactly what they believe they're paying for, because of the sheer enormous quantity of what's available for sale. "We're seeing some percentage of the 4 billion USB products shipped every year," he says. Consumers can check whether a given device's certification is legitimate via the USB-IF's website, although I can't imagine many doing so. Instead people rely on word of mouth and reviews, even though they may simply buy the cheapest adapter or cable available, having had decent luck with other, less-potentially-fraught purchases before. It's impossible to blame the USB-IF for hardware it didn't test or that, if certified, isn't made to the same standards as the tested units. The gap between this certification and a customer purchasing a product is where Leung and his colleagues fit in, and where consumers can get burned, sometimes literally. Avoiding The Danger Leung offers a lot of practical advice for avoiding USB-C troubles. He said most of the cables that cause difficulty use an inadequate resistor—a component that reduces current, among other capabilities—allowing a USB-C device to draw too much power, damaging an AC charger or host computer. "This is a potentially dangerous condition, not just one of inconvenience," he says. Using the cables and adapters that come with a device or choosing a brand-name third party with a known reputation matters. In the past, Leung says, experts have told consumers to avoid overpriced HDMI, Ethernet, and other cables, as cheaper, no-name variants typically work just as well. That's simply not the case with USB-C. Leung says some cable and adapter makers have sought his advice after he started to publish reviews, and some making the worst cables have removed the offending products from sale, destroyed their inventory, and redesigned their products. (The janky cable he reviewed in February 2016, for instance, was pulled from the market.) A USB-IF infographic about the organization's program to certify USB-C chargers. That's similar to the function that magazine labs had in the past, as a bad review from a test lab could tank sales and help consumers, and sometimes lead to overhauls in product design or even company management. It's possible that even in the heyday of trade publication ad dollars, USB-C would still be a hard one. For starters, labs rarely reviewed cables and adapters, though they might have made an exception with USB-C once it became clear that such accessories were causing problems. Leung and the USB-IF agree the spec is not easy to support, however necessary it is to move the industry forward on a single, unified connector. Leung says most of the experts who know the technology best are making products at Apple, Google, HP, Intel, and other major companies. There's a little light for consumers and businesses on the horizon. Partly in response to the difficulty in being sure about USB-C compliance, the USB-IF has announced an authentication standard that can be built into USB-C connectors. (USB-C, like Thunderbolt and Apple's Lightning, already requires something like a tiny computer in every cable jack.) The authentication will rely on certificates, just like a web browser establishing a connection with a server. The USB-IF will issue master certificates to companies for each USB vendor ID they manage. Companies will run their own public-key infrastructure to manage and distribute certificates that derive from those certificates; a product model could share the same certificate for every unit made or the manufacturer could issue a unique one per device. With a computer, smartphone, or tablet of the future that has this authentication built in, a user or system administrator will have options about whether non-authenticated plugs will "light up." So before any power or data starts flowing, a plug will have to prove it's legitimate under USB-IF rules. Rahman Ismail, the chief operating office of USB-IF, says the authentication will work both ways: A USB flash drive could refuse to function in a non-approved laptop, while a laptop could refuse to start a data connection with an unauthorized flash drive. It's uncertain how Microsoft, Google, and Apple might present this to consumers. But enterprise managers will surely welcome the ability to set policies for entire fleets of devices that they supervise. (This capability could also be misused to block third-party USB-C add-ons—for instance, forcing a MacBook owner to buy USB-C cables from Apple—but I think the market would speak loudly about that.) Authentication can't take the place of robust, independent evaluation. And Leung and a few others can't replace the former might of dozens of staffers across multiple magazines pounding away on hardware to find flaws. The gap will still remain between consumers' expectations and their confidence that the gear they buy does what it's supposed to do—and does it safely. Never miss a story. Sign up for the Fast Company newsletter and get the best stories delivered to your inbox daily. Send I'd also like to receive special Fast Company offers Advertise Privacy Policy Terms About Us Fast Company & Inc © 2017 Mansueto Ventures, LLC
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video Search Search Home Technology Smartphones Smartphones we simply cannot wait to see in 2017: iPhone 8, Samsung Galaxy X, OnePlus 4 and more These smartphones will change the way we look at smartphones. Sami Khan   January 5, 2017 16:41 IST smartphones of the futureReuters 2016 turned out to be a great year for many companies, including Apple, OnePlus and Xiaomi, but it was just as great for Samsung, except for the rollback of one of its models. Watching the enthusiasm at the CES 2017 in Las Vegas, we think 2017 is going to be an awesome year for the tech industry. We have yet another great show coming up next month, the Mobile World Congress, where most companies will launch their smartphones, including Nokia Android smartphones, BlackBerry phones by TCL, Samsung Galaxy S8 and many more. Smartphone brands, Apple and Samsung, will have separate events to launch their new flagship models, expected to redefine the mobile landscape. We were keen to find out what these brands have in store for this year. Check out the biggest and most-anticipated smartphone launches of 2017: Apple iPhone 8 Apple may be months away from officially launching the iPhone 8 series as the hype is building up. In commemoration of the tenth year anniversary of its original iPhone this year, Apple is going to roll out iPhone 8 with a set of new features. Rumours suggest there will be three versions of iPhone 8 this year- an advanced variant and also successors of iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. The new models are expected to have a radical design with edge-to-edge curved OLED display, dual camera with 3D imaging and OIS, bigger battery, wireless charging, A11 chipset and much more. The new iPhones are expected to be launched in September this year. Samsung Galaxy S8 Following the Galaxy Note 7 debacle, Samsung is under a lot of pressure to make things right with the Galaxy S8 this year. If the rumours are to be believed, Samsung might just win back its fans' trust. The Galaxy S8 is expected to come with a "Plus" size variant and feature high-end specs like 4K curved display, dual camera, fingerprint scanner under the display panel while ditching the home button, 8GB RAM, Snapdragon 835 chipset, Bluetooth 5 and much more. The new Galaxy S phones will hit the market next month. Samsung Galaxy X Samsung is not content with just Galaxy S8 this year as the company is planning to steal some thunder from iPhone 8 by launching Galaxy X smartphone in October. Rumours suggest the Galaxy X will be the company's first foldable smartphone, combined with high-end specs like Snapdragon 835 CPU, 8GB RAM, and more. OnePlus 4 While Samsung and Apple will attract the high-end market, OnePlus will once again disrupt the premium smartphone market with its rightly-priced smartphone this year. Inspired by the success of OnePlus 3 and OnePlus 3T last year, the company will launch its 2017 flagship, OnePlus 4, to keep the ball rolling.  Rumours suggest the company will call its next phone OnePlus 5. Whatever the name be, the next OnePlus phone is going to be a game-changer. Rumoured specs for the upcoming handset include dual rear camera, Snapdragon 835 chipset, 8GB RAM, 128GB storage and a new design. Pricing will be its major USP and we cannot wait to see what the company has in store. Nokia Android phones Nokia may be out of the smartphone race for a long time now, but 2017 will be the year the Finnish brand makes a strong comeback. Nokia, under the able stewardship of HMD Global Oy, will have a busy year with five smartphone launches lined up for 2017. The Nokia D1C is going to be the first to be lanced and will make an official debut at the upcoming MWC 2017 in Barcelona, Spain. Nokia also has two flagships in the pipeline to compete against Samsung, Apple and other major brands. Related Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: These 5 features will make your smartphones future-proof Foxconn to set up Apple products manufacturing unit in Gujarat CES 2017: This Honor smartphone is going to be 'epic' with dual camera, Android Nougat and more Also read Micromax phones in 2017 will have better cameras, battery, security and software: Rahul Sharma China smartphone outlook 2017: Trend bullish; Huawei, Oppo and Vivo seen as top gainers Post Comment IBT TV Close Vodafone Foundation helps save mothers’ and children’s lives in one of the world’s worst HIV hotspots Why advertise with us? Latest News Asus Zenfone 3 Max hands-on full review 16 hours ago By Rohit KVN Automation: How new age machine will replace you and which sectors will be hit hard 17 hours ago By Deependra Jha Editor's Pick Chinese New Year 2017: Here is everything to know about CCTV Spring Festival Gala India to have more jobless in 2017-18: UN report Why advertise with us? most popular Android 7.0 Nougat update schedule for Moto Z Play confirmed Motorola Germany has confirmed in a tweet that Moto Z Play would get Android 7.0 Nougat update soon. Xiaomi Note 4 tipped to release in India next week via Flipkart Unlike the Chinese Redmi Note 4 variant, which houses MediaTek Helio X20 processor, the India-bound Xiaomi phablet model is reported to be equipped with Qualcomm Snapdragon CPU and goes on sale exclusively via Flipkart. Moto G5 tipped to make its debut at MWC 2017 Lenovo-owned Moto is expected launch Nokia 6-rival Moto G5 series on February 26, a day before MWC 2017, Barcelona. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) launch imminent as it hits Geekbench Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) has been seen with model number SM-J727P on Geekbench site and comes with 2GB RAM. Here are the cheats for the new Toddlers update in Sims 4 Sims 4 has a new big update, called Toddlers. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro arrives but not Galaxy C5 Pro: Will it be released in India? The Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro has appeared on Samsung's Chinese website and it is expected to begin pre-orders on January 16. WWE 2K17 will be available on PC on February 7 WWE 2K17 has already been released on consoles. Asus Zenfone 3 Max hands-on full review Build quality, battery life and camera are key aspects of Asus Zenfone 3 Max Photo Gallery Preity Zinta, Poonam Pandey, Parineeti Chopra, Kriti Sanon, Kajal Aggarwal at 62nd Jio Filmfare Awards Bollywood celebs like Preity Zinta, Poonam Pandey, Parineeti Chopra, Kriti Sanon, Kajal Aggarwal at 62nd Jio Filmfare Awards. Salman Khan, Shah Rukh Khan, Varun Dhawan, Sushant Singh Rajput at 62nd Jio Filmfare Awards Bollywood celebs like Salman Khan, Varun Dhawan, Sushant Singh Rajput and others spotted at 62nd Jio Filmfare Awards. India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS फर्स्टपोस्ट हिंदी News & Analysis Reviews Startup Gaming Biztech Auto Videos TechFirstpost most commented Huawei Honor 4C First Impressions: The feature-rich smartphone has a lot of able competitors By Nimish Sawant 11   Comments ISRO to launch world record 100 satellites in the PSLV-C37 mission scheduled for February By tech2 News Staff 8   Comments Maruti Suzuki Ignis launched in India at Rs 4.59 lakh; aimed at younger audiences By tech2 News Staff 3   Comments Privacy protection: India seems to be going the NSA-PRISM way, when it comes to surveillance 2   Comments Sony SRS-X11 Bluetooth Speaker Review: A good, feature-rich but pricey speaker By Nikhil Rastogi 1   Comments more from #Apple What the Apple iPhone 8 needs in 2017 to stay at the top of the smartphone game Apple App store to increase size of tvOS app size from 200MB to 4GB US court rules iPhone users can sue Apple for not allowing installation of apps outside the app store Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Apple pulls New York Times app from Chinese app store after China reports the app #Apple Image Credit: REUTERS 0   05 Jan 2017 , 16:19 Apple has removed the New York Times from its China app store, the tech giant said, after authorities told the company the app breached regulations. The US newspaper said both its English- and Chinese-language apps were pulled late last month, blocking one of the few remaining channels for readers in China to access its reports. “For some time now the New York Times app has not been permitted to display content to most users in China, and we have been informed that the app is in violation of local regulations,” Apple spokeswoman Carolyn Wu said in a statement to AFP.  “As a result, the app must be taken down off the China App Store.” When the situation changes, she added, Apple will offer the app again for download in China.  The development marks the latest move by Beijing to suppress the newspaper’s output in China, after the government blocked its website following a 2012 Times report saying that former Premier Wen Jiabao’s family controlled assets worth $2.7 billion. Incoming correspondents for The New York Times were not given Chinese residence visas in apparent retaliation. China’s Communist Party oversees a vast censorship apparatus designed to censor online content they deem politically sensitive, while blocking some Western websites and the services of Internet giants including Facebook, Twitter and Google. In recent months Beijing censors had “struggled” to prevent readers from using the Chinese-language app, the Times reported.  A Times spokeswoman said the company had asked Apple to reconsider its decision, it added.  “The request by the Chinese authorities to remove our apps is part of their wider attempt to prevent readers in China from accessing independent news coverage by The New York Times of that country,” spokeswoman Eileen Murphy said. ‘Must comply’ China has seen a sprawling crackdown on dissent under President Xi Jinping, restricting citizens’ speech online and jailing hundreds of lawyers who had taken on civil rights cases considered sensitive by the ruling party.  At the same time the world’s number two economy is Apple’s second-biggest market, and a key part of its supply chain, where many of its products are manufactured. Apple CEO Tim Cook is a frequent visitor to the People’s Republic and the company has made several large-scale investments in the country.   The California-based firm announced last year it will open two research and development centres in Beijing and Shenzhen. In December it bought a 30 percent stake in wind farm projects across China that will produce 285 megawatts of power, its largest clean energy project to date. It poured $1 billion into the ride hailing app Didi Chuxing in May, a move some observers saw as a strategic play to shore up sales in the Asian market and prepare for a rumoured move into self-driving cars. But Apple has also struggled with the country’s Communist rulers, with its movie and book services shut down last year by Chinese authorities, shortly after launching. Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Geng Shuang told reporters Thursday that he was “not really aware” of the removal of the New York Times app. “What I can tell you is that the Chinese government always encourages and supports the development of the internet,” he added at a regular briefing. “But the development of the internet in China must comply with Chinese rules and regulations. This is a principle.” Apple has seen its smartphone market share eroded, beaten out by rising Chinese firms — market leader Huawei and three companies little known elsewhere, Vivo, Oppo and Xiaomi. Sales of the iPhone have slumped, with revenues in the key “Greater China” market down 30 percent in the fourth quarter to $8.8 billion, according to Apple’s annual report. AFP Tags: App Store, Apple, Apple App Store, Authorities, China, iOS, iOS App, iPhone, New York Times, Remove Also read Apple to cut production iPhone by 10 percent because of sluggish demand: report Apple will invest about $1 billion in SoftBank’s technology fund X Recommended For You What the Apple iPhone 8 needs in 2017 to stay at the top of the smartphone game Apple App store to increase size of tvOS app size from 200MB to 4GB US court rules iPhone users can sue Apple for not allowing installation of apps outside the app store New Apple iPhone to use forged stainless steel and glass, claims leak Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance Rating : 5.5 / 10 iBall Compbook Excelance review: Cheap and built to match Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus EeeBook X205TA review: For students on a budget; but low storage and no USB 3.0 port are downers #Samsung Jan 16, 2017 Prosecutor is considering the economic impact of Samsung Chief’s arrest on South Korean economy #Samsung Jan 16, 2017 Samsung investigation has revealed the cause of Galaxy Note 7 explosions #MWC 2017 Jan 16, 2017 MWC 2017: Motorola sends out invites to ‘Hello Moto’ event on 26 February, Moto G5 Plus expected #Facebook Jan 15, 2017 Syrian refugee sues Facebook over misinformation that spread on the social network #Nasa Jan 15, 2017 Nasa astronauts install lithium-ion batteries on the ISS after six hour long spacewalk SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
Daily Express The Express Tribune Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live Monday, 16 Jan 2017 Subscribe Express News The Express Tribune Web Chutney Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live RSS Today's Paper Subscribe beta 2.1 Monday, 16 Jan 2017 Today's Paper Advertise Home Pakistan Business Tech Videos World Opinion Life & Style Sports T.Edit Blogs Jobs Classifieds Labs Events The Express Tribune > Technology   Apple removes New York Times app from China store Share Tweet Apple removes New York Times app from China store Chines­e foreig­n minist­ry spokes­person Geng Shuang says unawar­e of the remova­l of the New York Times app By AFP Published: January 5, 2017 0SHARES Share Tweet Email The New York Times said both its English- and Chinese-language apps were pulled late last month from Apple's China app store. PHOTO: AFP BEIJING: Apple has removed the New York Times from its China app store, the tech giant said, after authorities told the company the app breached regulations. The US newspaper said both its English- and Chinese-language apps were pulled late last month, blocking one of the few remaining channels for readers in China to access its reports. “For some time now the New York Times app has not been permitted to display content to most users in China, and we have been informed that the app is in violation of local regulations,” Apple spokesperson Carolyn Wu said in a statement to AFP. “As a result, the app must be taken down off the China App Store.” When the situation changes Apple will offer the app again for download in China, she added. WeChat has different censorship systems for Chinese, overseas users The development marks the latest move by Beijing to suppress the newspaper’s output in China, after the government blocked its website following a 2012 Times report saying that former Premier Wen Jiabao’s family controlled assets worth $2.7 billion. Incoming correspondents for The New York Times were not given Chinese residence visas in apparent retaliation. China’s Communist Party oversees a vast censorship apparatus designed to censor online content they deem politically sensitive, while blocking some Western websites and the services of Internet giants including Facebook, Twitter and Google. In recent months Beijing censors had “struggled” to prevent readers from using the Chinese-language app, the Times reported. A Times spokesperson said the company had asked Apple to reconsider its decision, it added. “The request by the Chinese authorities to remove our apps is part of their wider attempt to prevent readers in China from accessing independent news coverage by The New York Times of that country,” spokesperson Eileen Murphy said. The story behind the ‘Instagram of China’ ‘Must comply’  China has seen a sprawling crackdown on dissent under President Xi Jinping, restricting citizens’ speech online and jailing hundreds of lawyers who had taken on civil rights cases considered sensitive by the ruling party. At the same time the world’s number two economy is Apple’s second-biggest market, and a key part of its supply chain, where many of its products are manufactured. Apple CEO Tim Cook is a frequent visitor to the People’s Republic and the company has made several large-scale investments in the country. The California-based firm announced last year it will open two research and development centres in Beijing and Shenzhen. In December it bought a 30 percent stake in wind farm projects across China that will produce 285 megawatts of power, its largest clean energy project to date. It poured $1 billion into the ride hailing app Didi Chuxing in May, a move some observers saw as a strategic play to shore up sales in the Asian market and prepare for a rumoured move into self-driving cars. But Apple has also struggled with the country’s Communist rulers, with its movie and book services shut down last year by Chinese authorities, shortly after launching. Apple invests in China wind farms Chinese foreign ministry spokesperson Geng Shuang told reporters Thursday that he was “not really aware” of the removal of the New York Times app. “What I can tell you is that the Chinese government always encourages and supports the development of the internet,” he added at a regular briefing. “But the development of the internet in China must comply with Chinese rules and regulations. This is a principle.” Apple has seen its smartphone market share eroded, beaten out by rising Chinese firms – market leader Huawei and three companies little known elsewhere, Vivo, Oppo and Xiaomi. Sales of the iPhone have slumped, with revenues in the key “Greater China” market down 30 percent in the fourth quarter to $8.8 billion, according to Apple’s annual report. Read more: Apple , China , Freedom of Press Read full story Recommended Stories China seizes US naval underwater probe in S. China Sea: defense official The vessel's seizure comes amid continued tensions in the South China Sea China websites block searches for 'Fatty Kim the Third' Kim Jong Un is unpopular in China because of North Korea's repeated nuclear and missile tests China state media warn Trump against renouncing free trade deals China's Xi is selling an alternate vision for regional trade by promoting Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership Facebook Conversations Leave Your Reply Below Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Email Location Your comments may appear in The Express Tribune paper. For this reason we encourage you to provide your city. The Express Tribune does not bear any responsibility for user comments. Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Comments are moderated and generally will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive. For more information, please see our Comments FAQ. Most Read 1 In panic mode: PM battens down the hatches 2 Kareena, Karisma want this actor to marry cousin Ranbir 3 Man who ‘drowned’ taking a selfie returns home safe 4 Ayesha Mumtaz may be questioned over ‘corruption’ 5 Lindsay Lohan’s Instagram says ‘Alaikum Salam’ and people can’t handle it 6 Oops! Vin Diesel says Ranveer is Deepika's 'boyfriend' 7 Karan Johar opens on feud with Shah Rukh Khan 8 Karan Johar's memoir portrays Bollywood's darker side 9 IC-814 hijackers received strong Pakistan intelligence support: Doval 10 Two more tormentors of Tayyaba identified Connect With Tribune News Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Get news delivered to your inbox Your Email Address Great! You'll get your first email soon. Recent Slideshows #Hamkey Go Black Tie #RIZJID The Night Away H20 Premier A Touch of Opulence More in TechnologyIndia to have ‘eye in the sky’ to spy on Pakistan, China © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] Pakistan Sindh Punjab Balochistan KP & FATA Jammu & Kashmir Gilgit Baltistan Life & Style Books Music TV & Film Fashion Food Gossip Videos Slideshows Videos Opinion Editorial Letters A -- Z Blogs Business World Sports Technology Magazine WebChutney Others About us Online Advertising RSS Feeds Google+ Subscribe to the Paper Contact us Careers Style Guide Privacy Policy Copyrights Code of ethics This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, redistributed or derived from. Unless otherwise stated, all content is copyrighted © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] facebook twitter whatsapp
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Technology News Reviews Opinion Internet security Social media Apple Google More Telegraph Technology Apple removes New York Times from China App Store after government request The app was removed on December 23 Credit: AFP James Titcomb 5 January 2017 • 10:49am Apple has removed the New York Times app from the Chinese App Store after the government said the publication violated laws. The company removed the Chinese and English editions of the app last week, saying it had "been informed that the app is in violation of local regulations". The move is the latest internet crackdown by Chinese authorities in recent years, which has seen the likes of Google and Facebook blocked in the country. The NYT said it was part of a "wider attempt to prevent readers in China from accessing independent news coverage". Users were told the app was not available in the Chinese store Credit: Reuters Apple did not clarify on what legal grounds the app had been removed, but the NYT suggested it was due to regulations introduced in June which outlaw apps that might be "endangering national security, disrupting social order and violating the legitimate rights and interests of others". It added that the apps were removed shortly before a story was published about perks the Chinese government had given to iPhone assembler Foxconn. Watch | Apple iPhone - by numbers 01:26 The newspaper's website has been blocked in China since 2012 and many Western publications have struggled to make their material available in the country, although several other US newspaper apps remain available in the country. Apple is relatively unique among the biggest US tech companies in having a significant presence in China. Some such as Amazon and Uber, have struggled for market share while Facebook, Google and Twitter have declined to censor their websites, leading them to be blocked by officials. Services such as Google are not available in China Credit: Reuters The Android equivalent of the App Store, the Google Play Store, does not function in China. Apple said: "For some time now the New York Times app has not been permitted to display content to most users in China and we have been informed that the app is in violation of local regulations. "As a result, the app must be taken down off the China App Store. When this situation changes, the App Store will once again offer the New York Times app for download in China." Follow Telegraph Science & Tech READ MORE ABOUT: Apps Apple Newspapers China Show more Technology latest 14 Jan 2017, 11:00pm Comment: Fake news on Facebook probably isn't that influential, until it bubbles out into the open James Carson Premium 14 Jan 2017, 3:04am Sony Entertainment CEO Michael Lynton leaving after 13 years for top role at Snapchat firm 13 Jan 2017, 4:42pm Could buying Twitter and shutting it down be Mexico's answer to Donald Trump? 13 Jan 2017, 4:21pm Nintendo Switch to be released on March 3 at UK price of £280 13 Jan 2017, 1:07pm WhatsApp messages could be read by exploiting security backdoor 13 Jan 2017, 12:08pm The best tech of the week: from fat-detecting phones to a bot for keeping New Year's resolutions 13 Jan 2017, 11:04am Nintendo shares drop as high price of Switch console dismays investors Gallery 13 Jan 2017, 11:01am Gallery: From The Legend Of Zelda: Breath of the Wild to Shenmue 3: the 40 most anticipated video games of 2017 12 Jan 2017, 4:25pm Nintendo Switch: 6 questions to be answered 12 Jan 2017, 12:59pm HTC U phone tells owners to wear extra clothes if it's cold 12 Jan 2017, 11:06am Peace sign selfies could let hackers copy your fingerprints 12 Jan 2017, 10:28am Facebook is working on ways to read thoughts, job adverts suggest 03:39 11 Jan 2017, 4:54pm Nintendo Switch: Price, release date and everything else we know 11 Jan 2017, 2:00pm Instagram to show more adverts by putting them in Stories 11 Jan 2017, 1:07pm Comment: Why are robots still so rubbish? Cara McGoogan Premium 00:32 11 Jan 2017, 9:47am An end to overhearing annoying phone calls? This mask silences private conversations 11 Jan 2017, 7:54am 'President of Playlists': Spotify offers Barack Obama a job 01:33 11 Jan 2017, 6:00am Bill Gates's rise to fame in 90 seconds 11 Jan 2017, 12:01am Tablet sales to fall for third successive year as PC market stabilises 10 Jan 2017, 4:24pm The 8 best mobile phones you can buy 10 Jan 2017, 3:23pm Autofill flaw lets scam websites steal internet users' credit card and contact details If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017 Your support makes a big difference In order to bring you award-winning content and investigative journalism from your favourite writers, we rely on revenue generated by advertising. Please consider supporting us by turning off your ad blocker. Just a couple of clicks will make a big difference. Thank you. Need help? Click here for instructions Close
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Media & Advertising Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search Apple Pulls New York Times App in China After Government Request ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More Apple Pulls New York Times App in China After Government Request Published January 05, 2017 Industries Reuters Facebook Twitter Print (Reuters) Apple has removed the New York Times' news apps from its app store in China following a request from the Chinese authorities, the companies said separately on Thursday. Continue Reading Below Apple removed both the English-language and Chinese-language apps from the iTunes store in China on Dec. 23, according to the New York Times, which first reported the action.  The request comes as the Cyberspace Administration of China (CAC), the country's top internet regulatory body, has called for greater media scrutiny, citing fears of social disorder, moral harm and threats to national security. The regulator did not immediately provide a comment on the removal of the New York Times app. "The request by the Chinese authorities to remove our apps is part of their wider attempt to prevent readers in China from accessing independent news coverage by The New York Times of that country," the New York Times spokeswoman Eileen Murphy told Reuters. "We have asked Apple to reconsider their decision," Murphy said. Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT The Chinese government has blocked The Times' websites since 2012 after a series of articles on the wealth amassed by the family of Wen Jiabao, who was then prime minister, according to the New York Times report. "We have been informed that the app is in violation of local regulations," Fred Sainz, an Apple spokesman told Reuters. An Apple spokeswoman in China declined to comment on which regulatory body they conferred with and specific reasons behind the request. Apple has previously removed news apps from its China app store, but none as high-profile as the New York Times. Apple also removed its iBooks store and iTunes Movies services in April 2016 on request from authorities. The services remain blocked. Apps from other international publications whose websites are blocked by Chinese regulators, including CNN, The Wall Street Journal and the Financial Times, were still available in the app store on Thursday. Chinese mainstream media has not reported the app removal but it was discussed widely on social media. "This must be coming from the request of The Wall right?" said one user on Chinese social media service Weibo, referring to the country's state-backed internet censorship program. "Apple has made enough money in China, it's OK for it to take the blame this time for the sake of the money." Other users said they would attempt to change their country ID within the app store to restore access to the app. While the New York Times has remained blocked since 2012, mirroring sites managed by anti-censorship advocates have periodically made its content available in the country.   (Reporting by Aishwarya Venugopal; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila and Christopher Cushing) Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Griffin Announces 100W Hi-Power Breakaway Cable For MacBook Pro By Tyler Lee on 01/05/2017 02:27 PST [CES 2017] Apple has come up with many great inventions in the past, like the iPod, the iPhone, the iPad, and so on. However if there is one invention that many can agree was a clever idea, it would be the MagSafe cable for charging laptops, in which thanks to a magnetic connection, laptops crashing to the floor after tripping on the cable became a thing of the past. However Apple seems to be going away with the MagSafe cable with its new laptops, but not to worry as Griffin’s got you covered. Announced at CES 2017, the accessory maker announced the BreakSafe Hi-Power Breakaway cable for the MacBook Pro. This is actually a follow up to last year’s BreakSafe cable, with the main difference that this is a high-powered cable. What does this mean? Basically last year’s model was good enough to charge the 12-inch MacBook, but it wasn’t powerful enough to charge the new MacBook Pros that require 87W of power, and the cable was only capable of putting out 60W. By bumping it up to 100W with this particular model, users will be able to use it to charge their MacBook Pros without any issue. Unfortunately in the process Griffin seems to have sacrificed the design of the cable as it doesn’t look quite as sleek as its predecessor. However if function over form is your belief, then we guess it shouldn’t be an issue. The cable is expected to be released in Q2 2017 where it will be priced at $40. Filed in Apple >Computers >Gadgets. Read more about CES, CES 2017, griffin, laptops and Macbook Pro. Related Articles 2017-01-12 ODG's New Augmented Reality Glasses Are Meant For Consumers 2017-01-10 Taclim VR Shoes Are Shoes For Your VR Feet 2017-01-10 Samsung Unveils All-In-One Desktop With A Soundbar Built Into It 2017-01-09 Razer Offers $25,000 Reward For Information On Stolen Prototypes 2017-01-09 U By Moen Is A $1,200 Smart Shower That Remembers Your Water Temperature 2017-01-07 Ubergizmo Best of CES 2017 2017-01-05 Griffin Gets Into Home Appliances With The Griffin Home Collection 2017-01-05 RAZER Unveils Project Valerie: Gaming Laptop with Integrated Multi-Monitor 2017-01-04 OWC DEC For The MacBook Pro Adds Ports & Boosts Storage Your Netflix Binge Watching Isn’t Doing The Environment Any Favors Hasbro Is Letting You Vote For Monopoly’s New Tokens Online Nintendo Hid A Message For Hackers In The NES Classic Final Fantasy XV Glitch Exposes Unexplored, Unused Areas In The Game Razer Confirms Two Prototypes Were Stolen At CES Valve Apparently Prototyped Half-Life 3 As An RTS Tim Cook Teases ‘The Best Is Yet To Come’ For The iPhone Retro-bit Brings Nintendo’s Game Boy Back From The Dead User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Inhalt Navigation Weitere Inhalte Metanavigation Suche Choose from 30 Languages Albanian Shqip Amharic አማርኛ Arabic العربية Bengali বাংলা Bosnian B/H/S Bulgarian Български Chinese 中文 Croatian Hrvatski Dari دری English English French Français German Deutsch Greek Ελληνικά Hausa Hausa Hindi हिन्दी Indonesian Bahasa Indonesia Kiswahili Kiswahili Macedonian Македонски Pashto پښتو Persian فارسی Polish Polski Portuguese Português para África Portuguese Português do Brasil Romanian Română Russian Русский Serbian Српски/Srpski Spanish Español Turkish Türkçe Ukrainian Українська Urdu اردو Wrong language? Change it here DW.COM has chosen English as your language setting. DW.COM in 30 languages DW AKADEMIE ABOUT DW Deutsche Welle TOP STORIES Germany Germany Guide for Refugees World Europe Africa Crime Fighters Africa on the Move Asia Americas Middle East Business My 2030 Science In Good Shape Technology Spectrum Tomorrow Today Environment Global Ideas In focus DoingYourBit Eco@Africa Culture Film Books Music Arts Digital Culture Lifestyle Travel Sports Bundesliga Champions League National Team F1 eSports More sports SPECIAL Art of Freedom. Freedom of Art. Generation 25 German Book Prize German-Jewish Cultural Heritage Gutenberg in the Cyberstorm Learning by Ear Merkel's pledge Sports: the global language Germany What to wear and what not to wear to the Bundestag 13.01.2017 Middle East Turkey's unemployed journalists 10.01.2017 Business China exports down sharply 13.01.2017 Media Center Live TV All media content Latest Programs Podcasts TV Schedule and Reception TV Programs TV programs Arts.21 Business Check-in Close up Conflict Zone Documentaries Drive it! DW News Eco-at-Africa Euromaxx Europe in Concert Faith Matters Focus on Europe Global 3000 In Good Shape Interview Kick off! Kino Made in Germany PopXport Quadriga Reporter Sarah's Music Shift The Bundesliga The Day Tomorrow Today Treasures of the World World Stories RADIO LEARN GERMAN German Courses German Courses Quick start Harry Deutsch Interaktiv Radio D Mission Europe Deutsch - warum nicht? Audiotrainer Deutschtrainer German XXL German XXL Deutsch Aktuell Deutsch im Fokus Telenovela Bandtagebuch Landeskunde Community D Community D Das Porträt Facebook & Co. Podcasts & Newsletter Service Teaching German Teaching German DW im Unterricht Unterrichtsreihen Deutschlehrer-Info Germany World Business Science Environment Culture Sports TOP STORIES / Business Business Apple deletes New York Times apps in China As part of a heavy-handed crackdown on foreign media, Apple has complied with a request from unnamed Chinese authorities to remove two New York Times apps from its app store in China Watch video 00:28 Apple removes 'New York Times' from China app store The technology giant removed both the English and Chinese-language news apps from its mainland China store on December 23, according to a report in the newspaper on Thursday.  Apple spokesman Fred Sainz told the Times: "For some time now the New York Times app has not been permitted to display content to most users in China and we have been informed that the app is in violation of local regulations." Apple has yet to release a separate statement on the decision and has not clarified which local regulations the apps had violated, frustrating any effort to reverse the decision. On Thursday a few Chinese media outlets published short reports on the app removals.  China's Great Firewall The Chinese government heavily censors news from foreign media, and started blocking the Times' website in 2012 after the newspaper reported on the family wealth of a former prime minister. In recent years China has intensified and upgraded its far-reaching internet controls, known collectively as the "Great Firewall." Websites not available in China include social media networks such as Facebook and Twitter, websites of several human rights organizations, as well as media including financial news agency Bloomberg and The Economist. tr/uhe (dpa/The New York Times) DW recommends Facebook builds censorship tool for China The social media behemoth has reportedly developed a software tool that is able to suppress users’ posts in China - a possible first step toward convincing Beijing to allow Facebook to re-enter the Chinese market. (23.11.2016)   Internet use in China on the rise Over 700 million people in China are now online, as the government pushes its internet growth plan. But all is not gold that glitters - many Chinese are still offline and censorship remains a reality. (03.08.2016)   Audios and videos on the topic Apple removes 'New York Times' from China app store   Date 05.01.2017 Related Subjects Apple Keywords Apple, Chinese censorship, The New York Times Share Facebook Twitter Google+ More Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Feedback: Send us your feedback. Print Print this page Permalink http://dw.com/p/2VJga Related content Apple reportedly in talks to acquire McLaren 21.09.2016 The US tech giant is said to be considering a tie-up with the luxury carmaker as part of an effort to invest some of its huge cash reserves in the auto industry. But McLaren has denied it was approached by Apple. Apple investigated by two US states over streaming service 10.06.2015 The states of New York and Connecticut are investigating Apple's talks with music companies for antitrust violations, reports say. It comes after Apple announced its music streaming service on Monday. Streaming services sulk as Adele releases new album 20.11.2015 British singer Adele's new album "25" will not be available for music streaming services, reflecting a heated debate in the industry about how to embrace new formats such as Spotify, Apple Music and Deezer. Date 05.01.2017 All videos in Media Center Related Subjects Apple Keywords Apple, Chinese censorship, The New York Times Share Facebook Twitter Google+ More Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Send us your feedback. Print Print this page Permalink http://dw.com/p/2VJga Takata pleads guilty in airbag scandal The Japanese automotive parts company will pay a total of $1 billion in fines and restitution.  Takata shares hit by bankruptcy reports   The week in review A quick rundown of business events of the week  Police memo on Berlin truck attacker published in German media German media have published details of the security surveillance of assassin Anis Amri in the months before he drove a truck into a Berlin Christmas market. He may have been high on cocaine as he carried out the attack.   Donald Trump slams Angela Merkel's refugee policy US President-elect Donald Trump labeled German Chancellor Angela Merkel's stance on refugees a "catastrophic mistake." He said the policy would lead to even more countries leaving the European Union after Britain.   French left debates migrants and Trump ahead of primary An ex-premier has proposed a carbon tax on American goods and reinforcing national identity through language. But his left-wing rival said Europe will not get away "with warships and barbed wire" in combatting migration.   TOP STORIES Germany World Business Science Environment Culture Sports   A - Z Index MEDIA CENTER Live TV All media content Latest Programs Podcasts TV Schedule and Reception TV Programs   RADIO LEARN GERMAN German Courses German XXL Community D Teaching German ABOUT DW Who we are Press Business & Sales Advertising Travel SERVICE Reception Mobile Newsletters & Co. FAQ Contact   DW AKADEMIE About us Media Development Master's Degree Traineeship Training © 2017 Deutsche Welle | Privacy Policy | Legal notice | Contact | Mobile version
Apple pulls New York Times app from China app store - Nehanda Radio Home News Politics Business Opinion Bizarre Courts Local Diaspora World Showbiz Sports Search 17.5 C Harare Monday, January 16, 2017 About Us Contact Us Advertising Listen to Radio Privacy Policy Who is Who News Alerts Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. Nehanda Radio Home News Politics Business Opinion Bizarre Courts Local Diaspora World Showbiz Sports Home Business Apple pulls New York Times app from China app store Business News Apple pulls New York Times app from China app store Jan 5, 2017 0 692 Apple has withdrawn the New York Times from its China App Store, following a request from Chinese authorities. The paper said the move was aimed at preventing readers in China “from accessing independent news coverage”. Apple said they had been informed the app violated Chinese regulations but did not say what rules had been broken. Western media have long been facing difficulties making their content available in China with many outlets frequently or permanently blocked. According to the New York Times, Apple removed both the English-language and Chinese-language apps from the App Store in China on 23 December. The paper cited an Apple spokesperson as saying the firm had been “informed that the app is in violation of local regulations” which meant it had to be taken down. “When this situation changes, the app store will once again offer the New York Times app for download in China,” the spokesman said. The New York Times said they had asked Apple to reconsider the decision. The paper’s website has been blocked in China since 2012 after it published a number of reports on the private wealth of members of the political elite and their families. The New York Times attributes the request to pull the app to new regulations officially designed to curb activities “such as endangering national security, disrupting social order and violating the legitimate rights and interests of others”. “The request by the Chinese authorities to remove our apps is part of their wider attempt to prevent readers in China from accessing independent news coverage by The New York Times of that country, coverage which is no different from the journalism we do about every other country in the world,” the paper’s spokeswoman Eileen Murphy said. Users who have their accounts registered on an App Store other than the Chinese one can still download the apps. Apps from some other international media outlets can still be accessed, including the Washington Post, the Wall Street Journal, BBC News, the Financial Times, ABC News, CNN, and Reuters. In the case of the BBC, the Chinese-language website is blocked while the English version occasionally has some human rights or political stories blocked on both the website and the app. A number of other Western websites like Google, YouTube and Facebook are also blocked in China. BBC News TAGS Apple China app store New York Times Previous article2016: The most popular events Next articleChicago police hold four over live-streamed attack Esther Gomo RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Apple reveals plans for self-driving car Trump wages war on ‘dishonest’ media ‘but will now meet NY Times’ Does your iPhone’s battery suddenly go flat? Apple is now offering replacements Curious who’s helping the FBI unlock the San Bernardino iPhone? We may now know Apple wins key court victory against Samsung Ex-CIA officer jailed for leaking Most Read Today Open letter to Jah Prayzah 5,151 views | 51 comments The endgame to Zimbabwe’s mindless dictatorship 3,436 views | 64 comments BIZARRE! Ugandan man, 52 buried with $5 700 to ‘bribe God’ 2,475 views | 28 comments Gambia talks fail as defeated Yahya Jammeh refuses to step down 2,068 views | 18 comments Zanu PF women in explosive fight 1,879 views | 1 comment Find us on Facebook Follow us on Social Media 313,525FansLike 16,230FollowersFollow 659FollowersFollow 63,892FollowersFollow 5,408SubscribersSubscribe Video of the Week Receive News via Email Enter your email address: Delivered by FeedBurner EDITOR PICKS Assailants kill cyclist, dump body at roadside in Bulawayo Jan 16, 2017 Mbada scandal unearthed…. Govt lost millions through under-declaring Jan 16, 2017 Fresh gold war erupts: 10 hospitalised after panners’ bloody attack on... Jan 16, 2017 POPULAR POSTS Baby tortured by maid in Uganda still alive Nov 22, 2014 TB Joshua responds to Uebert Angel insult Jan 18, 2013 TB Joshua predicts fall of popular prophets in Zimbabwe Apr 8, 2015 POPULAR CATEGORY News22600 Politics6238 Opinion3930 Sports3355 Showbiz2946 Local2882 Crimes & Courts2731 Popular2638 Business2312 ABOUT US Contact us: [email protected] FOLLOW US About Us Contact Us Advertising Listen to Radio Privacy Policy Who is Who News Alerts © Nehanda Radio: All Rights Reserved error: Content is protected !!
Share 5 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-01-15 The Best New Podcasts Of 2016 Entertainment 2017-01-15 Here Are Eight Of The Best Netflix Movies And Series That Are Overlooked Entertainment 2017-01-15 EXO, BTS Big Winners In 31st Golden Disk Awards, Bangtan Boys Prep For Upcoming Album Next Month Entertainment 2017-01-14 ‘The Wizard Of Lies’: See Robert De Niro As Bernie Madoff In Teaser For New HBO Movie [Video] News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-01-15 Martin Luther King’s Wife Said FBI Sent Her Sex Tapes Of King With Other Women In ‘Smear’ Bid News 2017-01-15 Video Captures Quick-Thinking Mother Saving Toddler Daughter From Choking To Death News 2017-01-15 Like Ringling Brothers, The Big Apple Circus Is Closed Down News 2017-01-15 Bernie Sanders Headlines Rallies To Support Obamacare And Save Health Care Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Football 2017-01-15 2017 NFL Playoffs: Dallas Cowboys Have A Lot To Be Excited About Despite Loss To Green Bay Packers Wrestling 2017-01-15 WWE Royal Rumble: John Cena Will Win WWE Championship Soccer 2017-01-15 Jose Mourinho Reveals Reason For Jurgen Klopp Fight During Manchester United And Liverpool Game Wrestling 2017-01-15 WWE News: Pro Wrestling Legends React To The Death Of ‘Superfly’ Jimmy Snuka Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolutions You Can Actually Keep Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolution Tips: Experts Tell How To Pick And Stick To Your Resolutions In 2017 Lifestyle 2016-12-31 New Year’s Resolution: 7 Things You Must Add To Your List Lifestyle 2016-12-30 Anything Open New Year’s Eve & New Year’s Day? Holiday Hours For Stores, Restaurants, Banks, Post Office As We Ring In 2017 Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-01-15 Japanese Broad Tapeworm Spotted In Alaskan Salmon, Says New CDC Study Health 2017-01-15 Stress Linked To Increased Heart Attacks And Strokes: Study Suggests It All Starts In Your Head Health 2017-01-15 Woman Killed By Superbug: ‘Pan-Resistant’ Bacteria Now Considered Worldwide Threat To Humans Health 2017-01-15 Marijuana Report Fails To Find Any Real Health Benefits, Cannabis Use May Even Cause Heart Attacks Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-01-15 ‘Legend Of Zelda: Breath Of The Wild’ Gets Master Edition And Special Edition On Nintendo Switch Gaming 2017-01-15 Nintendo Switch: Problems In Messaging Could Plague Sales [Video] Gaming 2017-01-15 Microsoft’s New Creators Update To Increase Performance Of Both Windows 10 And Xbox One Gaming 2017-01-15 Is Sony Hiding Developers’ Disappointment With PS4 Pro? BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-01-15 Woman Uses Chicken To Shut Down A Guy Who Asks For Nude Pictures Via Text Message BuzzWorthy 2017-01-15 Mississippi City Chooses To Celebrate ‘Great Americans Day’ Instead Of MLK Day And The Internet Destroys The Idea BuzzWorthy 2017-01-15 Quora User, 17, Claims To Have Caught Dad Snooping In On Sex Story Call While Pleasuring Himself BuzzWorthy 2017-01-15 More Trumpgrets: Trump Supporters Who Regret Voting For Him Blast PEOTUS On Twitter, New Site Asks ‘Are You Sorry Yet?’ SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss iPad Pro 2 Release Date And Rumors: Bezel-Less Display To Debut On Apple’s Tablets Before iPhone 8 Launch? Technology 5 0 0 January 5, 2017 iPad Pro 2 Release Date And Rumors: Bezel-Less Display To Debut On Apple’s Tablets Before iPhone 8 Launch? Simon Alvarez The iPad Pro, both in its 12.9-inch and 9.7-inch configurations, are Apple’s most powerful tablets to date, and they have proven to be very successful. As much as the two devices are still among the best tablets in the market, however, both are already due for an upgrade, especially the 12.9-inch model, which was released way back 2015. With 2017 already underway, numerous speculations point to Apple unveiling the iPad Pro 2 line within the next few months, and if rumors about the upcoming tablets are any indication, there is a very good chance that Apple’s next power devices would be the tech giant’s most revolutionary machines yet. Reputable industry analyst Ming-Chi Kuo from KGI Securities has issued his predictions for the upcoming tablets in Apple’s iconic iPad line. According to the analyst, Apple would be taking a step away from its usual conventions this year and release three devices under the iPad Pro moniker, the standard 9.7-inch model, another 12.9-inch variant, and a never-before-seen 10.5-inch version. A PC Advisor report stated that other analysts have expressed similar predictions, though some, such as those from Barclays Research, believe that the third iPad Pro 2 would feature a 10.9-inch screen instead. [Image by Denys Prykhodov/Shutterstock] While the idea of updated versions for the 9.7-inch and 12.9-inch iPad Pro variants is pretty much a given, it is the 10.9-inch or 10.5-inch version that has attracted the most attention of numerous Apple fans. This is primarily due to rumors pointing to the possibility of the new iPad Pro featuring a revolutionary new design, such as a bezel-less screen and a home button that is embedded in the screen of the device itself. If these rumored features sound familiar, it is because they are, since both are also speculated for Apple’s halo device for 2017, the highly-anticipated iPhone 8. According to Kuo, the mid-sized iPad Pro 2 would carry a rather different design from its predecessors. The analyst further stated that the new tablet, despite having a significantly bigger screen than the 9.7-inch version, would have the same footprint as its smaller-screened sibling. This means that, while the device has a bigger screen, it would be no bigger than the 9.7-inch iPad Pro 2. If this particular rumor proves true, there is a good chance that Apple might end up creating its most popular, most svelte tablet yet with the 10.5-inch/10.9-inch iPad Pro 2. Other speculations about the upcoming tablets from Apple are equally compelling, with rumors pointing to a powerhouse device equipped with very robust internals. Currently, speculations are high that the iPad Pro 2 line would be equipped with Apple’s A10X processor, iOS 10 and 4GB of RAM. Apart from these, rumors also point to the iPad Pro 2 devices having True Tone displays and a fingerprint scanner that is built right into the screen. Force Touch or 3D Touch, which debuted with the 2015 MacBook Pro and the iPhone 6S, is also rumored for the upcoming tablets. [Image by Denys Prykhodov/Shutterstock] Apple is yet to announce an official release date for the three rumored iPad Pro 2 tablets. However, considering that the 9.7-inch iPad Pro was launched last March 2016, speculations are high that the three powerful tablets would be revealed sometime in March 2017. As much as this makes perfect sense, however, a TechRadar report stated that TSMC, the firm creating chips for Apple’s iPads, is apparently seeing lower-than-expected yields. Thus, while unlikely, there is a chance that the iPad Pro 2 line would be launched sometime in Summer 2017. Even if not all the devices’ rumored specs are rolled out by Apple, the iPad Pro 2 line would definitely be the tech giant’s best tablet computers once launched. However, one thing that could significantly cripple the device would be its high price. The original 9.7-inch iPad Pro started at $599 while the 12.9-inch variant started at $799, which places the devices well into flagship territory. Thus, while the devices would no doubt be capable, their speculated high price point is something that could dissuade customers from purchasing the sleek, powerful devices. Nevertheless, there is little doubt that Apple’s iPad range is the world’s premiere line of tablet computers. Couple this with the fact that the iPad Pro is already being lauded by Apple CEO Tim Cook as a replacement for a full-fledged desktop or laptop computer and the iPad Pro 2 devices have more than a good fighting chance in the highly-competitive tablet market. With updated internals and a possible redesigned variant, the iPad Pro 2 might very well emerge as 2017’s most desirable tablet devices. [Featured Image by Cineberg/Shutterstock] Now Watch This: Nintendo Switch Takes Aim At A New Generation Now Read This: ‘Legend Of Zelda: Breath Of The Wild’ Gets Master Edition And Special Edition On Nintendo Switch Share 5 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Simon Alvarez Tags: Apple, ipad, iPad Pro 2, iPhone 8 January 15, 2017 ‘Hidden Figures’ Dominates At The Box Office Again While Ben Affleck Appears To Have Another Flop January 15, 2017 Naked Woman Steals Police Car, Video Released View full timeline 16 hours ago Apple iPhone 8 And Samsung Galaxy S8 Battle Heats Up 18 hours ago iPhone 8 Specs And Features: Role Of Samsung In The Upcoming iPhone 8 Comments LATEST HEADLINES Carrie Fisher ‘SNL’ Episode Re-Aired, New Episode Paid Homage To Deceased Actress In 2007 Ryan Gosling Asked Meryl Streep To Compliment His Mom’s Hairdo, And Streep Said: ‘I Got This’ If Floyd Mayweather Was Smart, This Is How He Would Handle Conor McGregor Marvel Studios Movies: Leak Reveals Cast Of Characters For 2017 MCU Films [Rumors] Donald Trump Promises Health Insurance ‘For Everybody’ In Washington Post Interview ‘Rick And Morty’ Gets A New Intro, But No Season 3 Release Date 2017 NFL Playoffs: Dallas Cowboys Have A Lot To Be Excited About Despite Loss To Green Bay Packers Martin Luther King’s Wife Said FBI Sent Her Sex Tapes Of King With Other Women In ‘Smear’ Bid Video Captures Quick-Thinking Mother Saving Toddler Daughter From Choking To Death ‘Legend Of Zelda: Breath Of The Wild’ Gets Master Edition And Special Edition On Nintendo Switch Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Democrats Found Out This Week That Bernie Supporters Are Not Going Away Any Time Soon [Opinion] 26k 0 0 WWE News: Nearly 1,000-Pound Man Known As ‘Pakistani Hulk’ Looking To Join WWE — Will Triple H Give Him A Chance? 20.7k 0 0 Dreamcatcher, K-pop Rookie Girl Group, Set To Debut With Spooky First Single ‘Chase Me’ — Check Out The Teasers [Video] 7.7k 0 0 Kai Of EXO Cast In KBS K-Drama ‘Andante’ — SM Entertainment K-Pop Idol Confirmed As Male Lead In Drama Opposite Jung Da Bin 5.7k 0 0 My Experience As A LuLaRoe Consultant And Why I’m Getting Out 14.1k 0 0 EXO’s Kai Never Wanted To Be An Idol??? Kpop Star Makes Surprising Revelation In New 2017 Interview, Talks Coping With Ankle Injury 11.2k 0 0 Recent Videos Space Watch SpaceX Launch First Rocket Since Explosion Technology Snapchat Chooses London For New Headquarters Technology Twitter China Chief Quits After Eight Months Discoveries Rare Underwater Footage Captured Below Antarctic Ice Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
IE Home Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Gadgets Review Photos Videos Mobile & Tabs Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Tech News Apple removes New York Times app in China after government request Apple removes New York Times app in China after government request The Cyberspace Administration of China, asked for the removal of the app, citing fears of social disorder, moral harm and threats to national security. By: Reuters | Published:January 5, 2017 3:08 pm Apple has previously removed news apps from its China app store, but none as high-profile as the New York Times. Apple Inc has removed the New York Times Co’s news apps from its app store in China following a request from the Chinese authorities, the companies said separately on Thursday. Apple removed both the English-language and Chinese-language apps from the iTunes store in China on December 23, according to the New York Times, which first reported the action. The request comes as the Cyberspace Administration of China (CAC), the country’s top internet regulatory body, has called for greater media scrutiny, citing fears of social disorder, moral harm and threats to national security. Watch What Else Is Making News: The regulator did not immediately provide a comment on the removal of the New York Times app. “The request by the Chinese authorities to remove our apps is part of their wider attempt to prevent readers in China from accessing independent news coverage by The New York Times of that country,” the New York Times spokeswoman Eileen Murphy told media. “We have asked Apple to reconsider their decision,” Murphy said. The Chinese government has blocked The Times’ websites since 2012 after a series of articles on the wealth amassed by the family of Wen Jiabao, who was then prime minister, according to the New York Times report. “We have been informed that the app is in violation of local regulations,” Fred Sainz, an Apple spokesman told media. An Apple spokeswoman in China declined to comment on which regulatory body they conferred with and specific reasons behind the request. Apple has previously removed news apps from its China app store, but none as high-profile as the New York Times. Apple also removed its iBooks store and iTunes Movies services in April 2016 on request from authorities. The services remain blocked. Apps from other international publications whose websites are blocked by Chinese regulators, including CNN, The Wall Street Journal and the Financial Times, were still available in the app store on Thursday. Chinese mainstream media has not reported the app removal but it was discussed widely on social media. “This must be coming from the request of The Wall right?” said one user on Chinese social media service Weibo, referring to the country’s state-backed internet censorship program. “Apple has made enough money in China, it’s OK for it to take the blame this time for the sake of the money.” Other users said they would attempt to change their country ID within the app store to restore access to the app. While the New York Times has remained blocked since 2012, mirroring sites managed by anti-censorship advocates have periodically made its content available in the country. Best of Express Meghalaya sex scam: Guest-house run by Home Minister’s son under probe EntertainmentOk Jaanu box office collection day 3: Aditya Roy Kapur, Shraddha Kapoor film struggles to hold ground EntertainmentxXx Return of Xander Cage box office collection day 2: Deepika Padukone-Vin Diesel film expected to earn well EntertainmentKoffee With Karan: Kareena Kapoor Khan, Sonam Kapoor turn Karan Johar's show into a mini kitty party EntertainmentHappy Birthday Sidharth Malhotra: As Sidharth Malhotra turns 32, here are facts about him we bet you didn't know. See pics, videos Must Read SportsKohli, Kedar hit magical tons to script sensational win SportsThis win is going to take a while to sink in, says Kohli SportsVirat Kohli leaves Twitterati awe-struck after century TechnologyNokia could be developing a foldable smartphone, hints patent TechnologyLenovo sends out press invite for MWC 2017, may debut Moto G5 Plus TechnologyFormer Android chief Andy Rubin to release a high-end, AI-focused smartphone  Sonam Kapoor, Frieda Pinto, Pooja Hegde: Best and worst dressed Bollywood divas at Filmfare Awards 2017 Jan 16: Latest News South Korea political crisis escalates as Samsung chief awaits fate Zlatan Ibrahimovic’s late strike helps Manchester United hold Liverpool to 1-1 draw Facebook announces new measures to curb ‘fake news’ in Germany Happy Birthday Sidharth Malhotra: As Sidharth Malhotra turns 32, here are facts about him we bet you didn’t know. See pics, videos Turkish Airlines cargo jet crash kills 16 in Kyrgyzstan                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Demonetisation #TataVsMistry #GST #Budget2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » PTI Stories » National » News Fire at a pesticide manufacturing unit, 4 firemen fall sick BSP first off the blocks with list for 100 UP Assembly seats Business Standard Apple removes New York Times app from China store AFP  |  Beijing  January 5, 2017 Last Updated at 14:13 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2USZGmJ ALSO READ Beijing issues red alert for severe air pollution Smog returns to haunt several Chinese cities including Beijing Suu Kyi kicks off China visit China, Myanmar agrees to resolve difference over stalled dam China denies 'money diplomacy' to enforce One China policy Apple has removed the New York Times from its China app store, the tech giant said, after authorities told the company the app breached regulations. The newspaper said both its English and Chinese-language apps were pulled late last month, blocking one of the few remaining channels for readers in China to access its reports. "For some time now the New York Times app has not been permitted to display content to most users in China, and we have been informed that the app is in violation of local regulations," Apple spokeswoman Carolyn Wu said in a statement to AFP. "As a result, the app must be taken down off the China App Store." When the situation changes, she added, Apple will offer the app again for download in China. The latest development marks the latest move by Beijing to suppress the newspaper's publications in China, after the government blocked its website following a 2012 Times report saying that former Premier Wen Jiabao's family controlled assets worth USD 2.7 billion. Incoming correspondents for The New York Times were not given Chinese residence visas in apparent retaliation. China's Communist Party oversees a vast censorship apparatus designed to censor online content they deem politically sensitive, while blocking some Western websites and the services of Internet giants including Facebook, Twitter and Google. In recent months Beijing censors had "struggled" to prevent readers from using the Chinese-language app, the Times reported. A Times spokeswoman said the company asked Apple to reconsider its decision, it added. "The request by the Chinese authorities to remove our apps is part of their wider attempt to prevent readers in China from accessing independent news coverage by The New York Times of that country," spokeswoman Eileen Murphy said. China has seen a sprawling crackdown on dissent under President Xi Jinping, restricting citizens' speech online and jailing hundreds of lawyers who had taken on civil rights cases considered sensitive by the ruling party. The world's number two economy is a crucial market for Apple products, and a key part of its supply chain. But sales of the iPhone have slumped lately, with revenues in the key "Greater China" market down 30 per cent in the fourth quarter to USD 8.8 billion, according to Apple's annual report. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On National News | International News | China | Beijing | Government | Premier PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Make Your Premium Payment Easier. Know more Plan now with just Rs.3000 p.m. Know more Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? Apple removes New York Times app from China store Apple has removed the New York Times from its China app store, the tech giant said, after authorities told the company the app breached regulations. The newspaper said both its English and Chinese-language apps were pulled late last month, blocking one of the few remaining channels for readers in China to access its reports. "For some time now the New York Times app has not been permitted to display content to most users in China, and we have been informed that the app is in violation of local regulations," Apple spokeswoman Carolyn Wu said in a statement to AFP. "As a result, the app must be taken down off the China App Store." When the situation changes, she added, Apple will offer the app again for download in China. The latest development marks the latest move by Beijing to suppress the newspaper's publications in China, after the government blocked its website following a 2012 Times report saying that former Premier Wen Jiabao's family controlled assets worth USD 2.7 ... Apple has removed the New York Times from its China app store, the tech giant said, after authorities told the company the app breached regulations. The newspaper said both its English and Chinese-language apps were pulled late last month, blocking one of the few remaining channels for readers in China to access its reports. "For some time now the New York Times app has not been permitted to display content to most users in China, and we have been informed that the app is in violation of local regulations," Apple spokeswoman Carolyn Wu said in a statement to AFP. "As a result, the app must be taken down off the China App Store." When the situation changes, she added, Apple will offer the app again for download in China. The latest development marks the latest move by Beijing to suppress the newspaper's publications in China, after the government blocked its website following a 2012 Times report saying that former Premier Wen Jiabao's family controlled assets worth USD 2.7 billion. Incoming correspondents for The New York Times were not given Chinese residence visas in apparent retaliation. China's Communist Party oversees a vast censorship apparatus designed to censor online content they deem politically sensitive, while blocking some Western websites and the services of Internet giants including Facebook, Twitter and Google. In recent months Beijing censors had "struggled" to prevent readers from using the Chinese-language app, the Times reported. A Times spokeswoman said the company asked Apple to reconsider its decision, it added. "The request by the Chinese authorities to remove our apps is part of their wider attempt to prevent readers in China from accessing independent news coverage by The New York Times of that country," spokeswoman Eileen Murphy said. China has seen a sprawling crackdown on dissent under President Xi Jinping, restricting citizens' speech online and jailing hundreds of lawyers who had taken on civil rights cases considered sensitive by the ruling party. The world's number two economy is a crucial market for Apple products, and a key part of its supply chain. But sales of the iPhone have slumped lately, with revenues in the key "Greater China" market down 30 per cent in the fourth quarter to USD 8.8 billion, according to Apple's annual report. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) AFP Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Apple removes New York Times app from China store Apple has removed the New York Times from its China app store, the tech giant said, after authorities told the company the app breached regulations. The newspaper said both its English and Chinese-language apps were pulled late last month, blocking one of the few remaining channels for readers in China to access its reports. "For some time now the New York Times app has not been permitted to display content to most users in China, and we have been informed that the app is in violation of local regulations," Apple spokeswoman Carolyn Wu said in a statement to AFP. "As a result, the app must be taken down off the China App Store." When the situation changes, she added, Apple will offer the app again for download in China. The latest development marks the latest move by Beijing to suppress the newspaper's publications in China, after the government blocked its website following a 2012 Times report saying that former Premier Wen Jiabao's family controlled assets worth USD 2.7 billion. Incoming correspondents for The New York Times were not given Chinese residence visas in apparent retaliation. China's Communist Party oversees a vast censorship apparatus designed to censor online content they deem politically sensitive, while blocking some Western websites and the services of Internet giants including Facebook, Twitter and Google. In recent months Beijing censors had "struggled" to prevent readers from using the Chinese-language app, the Times reported. A Times spokeswoman said the company asked Apple to reconsider its decision, it added. "The request by the Chinese authorities to remove our apps is part of their wider attempt to prevent readers in China from accessing independent news coverage by The New York Times of that country," spokeswoman Eileen Murphy said. China has seen a sprawling crackdown on dissent under President Xi Jinping, restricting citizens' speech online and jailing hundreds of lawyers who had taken on civil rights cases considered sensitive by the ruling party. The world's number two economy is a crucial market for Apple products, and a key part of its supply chain. But sales of the iPhone have slumped lately, with revenues in the key "Greater China" market down 30 per cent in the fourth quarter to USD 8.8 billion, according to Apple's annual report. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) AFP Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Apple US & World Tech Apple removes New York Times app from China’s app store at government’s request New, 14 comments by James Vincent@jjvincent Jan 5, 2017, 4:01am EST share tweet Linkedin Photo by Jaap Arriens/NurPhoto via Getty Images Apple has confirmed to The New York Times that it recently removed the paper’s app from the Chinese version of the App Store. The removal was made at the request of the Chinese government, which began blocking the Times’ website in 2012 after the paper published a series of articles on the “billions in hidden riches” amassed by the family of the then-head of state, Wen Jiabao. A spokesperson for Apple, Fred Sainz, told the Times: “For some time now the New York Times app has not been permitted to display content to most users in China and we have been informed that the app is in violation of local regulations. As a result, the app must be taken down off the China App Store. When this situation changes, the App Store will once again offer the New York Times app for download in China.” Sainz would not explain what these “local regulations” were exactly, but it’s likely the request was made under new laws introduced in June last year. The legislation, which governs “mobile internet applications,” forbids apps from “publishing content in violation of Chinese law.” However, other apps from Western news sources, including the Financial Times and The Wall Street Journal, are still available in the Chinese App Store. Chinese iPhone sales fell in 2016, but the country is still integral for Apple Complying to these sorts of requests is seen by many tech companies as the price of doing business in China. Although Apple’s sales in the country slumped by 30 percent in 2016, the country remains extremely important for the iPhone-maker. Not only as market for its products, but as the site of Apple’s biggest factories. In December, the Times detailed a web of tax breaks and subsidies worth billions of dollars that make one particular iPhone factory in Zhengzhou, central China, so worthwhile to both Apple and Chinese manufacturing giant Foxconn. The Times said it learned that its app would be removed from the Chinese App Store at the same time that it was contacting Apple and the Chinese government with questions about the story. A spokesperson for the Times, Eileen Murphy, said the paper had asked Apple to reconsider its decision to remove the app: “The request by the Chinese authorities to remove our apps is part of their wider attempt to prevent readers in China from accessing independent news coverage by The New York Times of that country, coverage which is no different from the journalism we do about every other country in the world.” More From The Verge The Nintendo Switch will launch on March 3rd for $299 Tony Fadell tells us the story of the iPod-based iPhone prototype What to expect from Nintendo’s Switch event Trump leak raises new questions about Telegram security Mossberg: Streaming TV is beginning to look a lot like cable The ultimate conspiracy: a conspiracy against Reddit’s conspiracy community? Now Trending Apple removes app that let you find your AirPods Rogue One's reshoots show how Disney saved the first standalone Star Wars movie This disassembled Aston Martin DB11 engine is engineering pornography This Article has a component height of 8. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Tech Amazon Amazon is seeking FCC permission to conduct wireless technology tests by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak Last week, Amazon.com filed an application with the Federal Communications Commission, seeking permission to run experiments on a number of frequency bands that might have some connection to the company’s work with delivery drones. The... New, 0 comments Entertainment Film Star Wars Rogue One's reshoots show how Disney saved the first standalone Star Wars movie by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak Now that Rogue One: A Star Wars Story has been out in theaters for a month, the veil of secrecy has been lifted and we’ve learned quite a lot about about how the film came together. This is pretty typical for most movies, save for the fact that R... New, 9 comments TL;DR Entertainment TV Jude Law had no idea what a meme was before The Young Pope by Kwame Opam@kwameopam Jude Law evidently isn’t a child of the internet. Despite playing the Church’s holiest supervillain in HBO’s The Young Pope, Law was unprepared for how easily the show could be turned into memes. In fact, he had no idea what memes were before the... New, 5 comments Google Tech Transportation Google takes another step towards launching its own self-driving Uber-killer with new patent by Andrew J . Hawkins@andyjayhawk Google has a lot of self-driving cars that have driven a lot of miles, but so far, no commercial use for them. But that could change if the Silicon Valley giant pursues its rumored plans of developing an autonomous ride-sharing network to compete... New, 3 comments Advice How to be human How to be human: it’s not you, it’s them — no, really by Leah Reich Leah Reich was one of the first internet advice columnists. Her column "Ask Leah" ran on IGN, where she gave advice to gamers for two and a half years. During the day, Leah is Slack’s user researcher, but her views here do not represent her... Business Entertainment Culture Ringling Brothers and Barnum & Bailey Circus will shut down in May 2017 by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak A year after it announced that it would no longer use elephants in its performances, the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus will hold its final performances in May of this year. The Cirus’s parent company, Feld Entertainment Inc, revealed... New, 1 comment Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
null
home world U.S. faith tech sports entertainment life video To enjoy our website, you'll need to enable JavaScript in your web browser. Please click here to learn how. Sections Subscribe to eNEWSLETTER home faith U.S. world entertainment sports tech life video Sun, Jan 15, 2017 logo homeTech iPad mini 5 release date, specs rumors: Apple to launch next-gen tablet as smallest iPad Pro model? Georgia Gana05 January, 2017 x To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video (Apple)A promotional image for the iPad mini 4. The iPad mini was deprived of its annual update last September. However, consumers shouldn't be too disappointed by the non-appearance of the iPad mini 5 as it seems that Apple has other plans for its small tablet lineup. According to reports, the fifth-generation iPad mini will arrive later this year with a new name. Unlike the iPad Air 3 that has long been rumored to have been discontinued by Apple, it has been suggested that the iPad mini 5 will still see the light of day, albeit in a slightly different form. The 7.9-inch tablet is rumored to be renamed as the iPad mini Pro and will become the smallest model in the iPad Pro lineup. This rumor is in line with a previous report from MacOtakara. The publication revealed that Apple will release three new iPad Pro tablets in the spring. The lineup would be comprised of 7.9-inch, 10.1-inch and 12.9-inch models. The 7.9-inch iPad Pro model, touted to be the successor of the iPad mini 4, would be equipped with a Smart Connector, a True Tone display, four speakers, quad microphones and a 12-megapixel rear iSight camera with True Tone flash. Aside from upgraded specs, the tablet will likely gain a thinner but more durable chassis. It is said that Apple is planning to streamline its iPad Pro lineup by offering similar specs and features across the board. Sponsored Watch Your Favorite Christian Films, 24/7. Click Here To Start Your Free Trial Today Interestingly, KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, who is a reliable source when it comes to Apple's upcoming devices, also predicted the arrival of three iPad Pro models this year. However, he made no mention of a 7.9-inch device and instead said that the third model will be 9.7 inches in size. This could indicate that Apple might discontinue the iPad mini lineup after all. However, Apple has not commented on the rumors and speculations regarding the iPad mini 5 so the information should be taken with a grain of salt. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Go to the Home Page Top News Scottish church allows reading of Quranic passage denying Jesus is God's son Ronda Rousey ends silence with 'rock bottom' Instagram post Eric Metaxas highlights three discoveries in biblical archaeology in 2016; ancient toilet tops the list Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read This Jesus' birthplace in Bethlehem featured in video immersive virtual tour NASA scientist warns of 'extinction-level' event YouVersion Bible app reaches 250 million downloads Imaging technology uncovers secrets of 1,700 year-old Biblical scroll as a copy of book of Leviticus Most Popular Scottish church allows reading of Quranic passage denying Jesus is God's son A Quranic passage which denies that Jesus was the son of God was sung during a church service in Scotland last week. Ronda Rousey ends silence with 'rock bottom' Instagram post Following her devastating loss via knockout to Amanda Nunes at Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) 207 on the last day of 2016, Ronda Rousey ends her silence with an Instagram post suggesting that she may be in better spirits than many had assumed. Eric Metaxas highlights three discoveries in biblical archaeology in 2016; ancient toilet tops the list Known Christian author and media personality Eric Metaxas lists what he thinks are the three best biblical archaeological discoveries in 2016, saying that these finds assert that Christian faith is supported by historical facts. Nigeria suspends controversial law that forces church leaders to retire after 20 years The Nigerian government has suspended a corporate governance code that requires church leaders to resign from their post after 20 years in ministry. Pope Francis assures women they can breastfeed in church, just like the Virgin Mary Pope Francis made a bold statement while attending a ceremony in Vatican during the weekend: women should feel free to breastfeed their children inside the church. Algerian Christian gets one-year prison sentence for Facebook post An Algerian Christian has been sentenced to a year in jail after he was convicted of offending Islam on his Facebook page. U.S. senator and congressman condemn harsh sentence of Pastor Yang Hua U.S. Sen. Marco Rubio and Rep. Chris Smith have issued separate statements on Wednesday expressing their concerns about the harsh sentencing of Chinese pastor Yang Hua. Muslim extremists attack Ugandan pastor after sheik sent to kill him turns to Christ A pastor in eastern Uganda was attacked by Islamic extremists last week after a sheik sent to kill him converted to Christianity. Top Stories Islamic militants in Mali release new video of kidnapped Swiss missionary The Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM) had released a new video of kidnapped Swiss missionary Beatrice Stockly to prove that she is still alive. Frozen waterfall in Minneapolis shatters, breaks on woman Local authorities are intensifying their efforts to patrol around the Minnehaha Falls after a woman was injured by falling ice on Sunday. Florida becomes latest state to propose ban on abortions after 20 weeks Florida has become the latest state to introduce a bill that would ban abortions after 20 weeks of pregnancy, the period when fetuses are said to be capable of feeling pain. Inside Christian Times North Korea tops list of Christian-persecuting nations for 15th consecutive year 100 percent of Christians in 21 countries experience persecution, new report says Indian Government says Fr. Tom Uzhunnalil ignored advice not to go to Yemen President Sisi promises to build Egypt's largest church Scottish church allows reading of Quranic passage denying Jesus is God's son world U.S. tech sports entertainment life © 2016 The Christian Times About Us Advertising Privacy Policy Christian Times is a Christian Media Corporation Company the christian times updates:
Apple yanks New York Times apps in China - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Prep Champs Get Apps Text Alerts Inauguration Viewing Schedule NFL PlayOff Schedule LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV Football CNN Video Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World Inauguration Viewing Schedule The Insider Real Estate Election Get Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Get Apps School closings See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data Prep Champs NFL PlayOff Schedule Text Alerts Football Pro Football Challenge Nascar Schedule NFL Football Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday Pro Football Challenge WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV See It, Shoot It The Insider Football Text Alerts Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Get Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Apple yanks New York Times apps in China Posted: Thursday, January 5, 2017 3:01 AM EST Updated: Thursday, January 5, 2017 5:01 AM EST By Sherisse Pham HONG KONG (CNNMoney) -- All the news that's fit to ban -- that's essentially China's position on The New York Times. After blocking the U.S. publication's English and Chinese websites for the better part of five years, Chinese authorities have now had Apple pull New York Times news apps from the App Store in China. "We have been informed that the app is in violation of local regulations. As a result, the app must be taken down off the China App Store," Apple said in a statement. "When this situation changes, the App Store will once again offer the New York Times app for download in China." The New York Times called the removal of its English- and Chinese-language apps late last month "deeply regrettable," saying it had asked Apple to reconsider its decision. "The request by the Chinese authorities to remove our apps is part of their wider attempt to prevent readers in China from accessing independent news coverage by The New York Times of that country -- coverage which is no different from the journalism we do about every other country in the world, including the United States," Times spokeswoman Eileen Murphy said in a statement. Amnesty International said the move by Apple is part of a growing trend of big tech companies effectively aiding China in its crackdown on free speech. "It's extremely worrying that Apple is kowtowing to China's censorship by deleting New York Times apps," said Patrick Poon, an Amnesty researcher. The apps allowed readers in mainland China to access Times articles without having to use a Virtual Private Network, or VPN, to skirt the country's huge censorship apparatus, known as the Great Firewall. Other international news apps, including those of The Wall Street Journal, the Financial Times and CNN, were still available on the App Store in China on Thursday. The New York Times app still works for users who had previously downloaded it, but anti-censorship group GreatFire.org said the app will no longer be updated for Apple devices and so will eventually stop working. Apple declined to specify which regulations the Times allegedly breached. It may be connected to new rules that went into effect in August, stipulating that apps mustn't disseminate banned content. The Cyberspace Administration of China, the country's top internet regulator, didn't respond to a request for comment. Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang said at a regular news briefing that he didn't know any details about the removal of the Times apps but reiterated that digital content "must comply with Chinese rules and regulations." Apple makes a significant chunk of its revenue in China, the world's second largest economy, and many of its products are assembled there. It's also not the only tech company bending to the Chinese government's will. Microsoft's Chinese chatbot refuses to talk about sensitive topics like the 1989 crackdown on Tiananmen Square protests or Chinese President Xi Jinping. Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg has made no secret of his desire to get the giant social network unblocked in China. His company is reported to have built a censorship tool that would keep certain posts out of people's news feeds. Apple has also been on the receiving end of China's content crackdown. Last year, Chinese regulators shut down its iBooks and iTunes Movies services. -- Nanlin Fang and Tim Schwarz contributed to this report. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
