« Return to Mobile Website Newsletters Sign-Up Schedule a Demo Does My Company Subscribe? Client Login eMarketer PRO Login eMarketer Retail Login Does my company subscribe? Contact Us Newsletters Sales: 1-800-405-0844 Articles Customer Stories Plans Product Tour Research Topics Request Pricing For Smart-Home Speakers, a Possible New Competitor Apple reportedly plans a speaker product June 2, 2017 | Advertising & Marketing Share Email Print Apple is reportedly manufacturing a smart-home speaker that will compete with Amazon’s Echo and Google’s Home. The manufacturing giant is expected to debut the new speaker at its upcoming Worldwide Developers Conference 2017 next week, Bloomberg reports. However, it’s not slated to ship until later this year. The smart-home space is an area that Apple has yet to penetrate. Apple is looking to differentiate its new device from its rivals by offering virtual surround sound technology, as well as tight integration with its many products, like its internet of things ecosystem HomeKit. The new smart-home speaker is also likely to help boost another service the company has been continually focusing on: Apple Music. But Apple faces some tough competition. Amazon has been seeing a lot of success with its Echo line of devices, which are powered by Amazon’s Alexa virtual assistant system. In fact, sales of Echo devices surged more than ninefold over last year’s holiday season. “Apple can compete with its rivals if the speaker is reasonably priced and if the company can present a compelling value proposition for why it is a top choice,” said eMarketer principal analyst Victoria Petrock. “For a long time, Apple has viewed smartphones and watches as the true intelligent connectivity hub. It seems they are rolling this device out to provide a larger-scale experience that extends that hub. “Two big things Apple has going for it are brand loyalty and seamless product compatibility,” she added. “There are a lot of consumers who are loyal to the brand and who would love to see uncomplicated integration between their iPhones and iPads, Apple TVs and Apple speaker devices.” So far, Amazon’s Echo and the Invoke smart speaker from Harman Kardon/Microsoft are being built to incorporate voice calling and messaging, but these devices are not as seamlessly integrated with smartphones the same way as the Apple speaker could be. Integration between devices manufactured by different brands is often clunky and raises major compatibility issues. “To some, it may be comforting to know there is an Apple speaker out there that will seamlessly integrate with the iPhone and Apple family of products,” said Petrock. “It remains to be seen whether Apple will pursue an exclusive product compatibility strategy, or one in which it makes products from other manufacturers compatible with its HomeKit platform.” While still far from hitting mass adoption, virtual assistants like Siri and Alexa are becoming more widely used by Americans. According to eMarketer estimates, 35.6 million Americans will use a voice-activated assistant device at least once a month this year—that’s a jump of 128.9% over 2016. eMarketer expects Amazon’s Echo speaker will control 70.6% of the US market this year. Meanwhile, Google Home will trail significantly with a 23.8% share. The remaining share will be portioned among smaller players, such as Lenovo, LG, Harmon Kardon and Mattel. —Rimma Kats New Report in eMarketer PRO This Week US Ad Fraud 2017 Buyers and sellers now have to worry about more advanced forms of fraud siphoning away digital display ad dollars. Preview Report Not a PRO subscriber? Find out how to become one. Previous Article Next Article Latest from eMarketer Latest Articles Latest Webinars For Smart-Home Speakers, a Possible New Competitor Understanding China's New Cybersecurity Law Smart Mass Transit Moves Forward in Europe More Articles » eMarketer Daily Newsletter » B2B Mobile—How to Effectively Reach the Ever-More Mobile Buyer Customer Experience—How to Navigate the Journey Toward Customer-Centricity Digital Trends in Canada—What You Need to Know for 2017 More Webinars » More on this Topic What Marketers Need to Know About Smart Cities How Much Do People Know About AI? Teens Don't Know Whether to Trust Ads Join eMarketer for a free webinar: B2B Mobile—How to Effectively Reach the Ever-More Mobile Buyer eMarketer Webinar Thursday, June 15, 1pm ET Click to Register. Space is limited. made possible by    Go beyond the articles: eMarketer Products You've never experienced research like this. SEE FEATURES » Hear from our clients: Customer Stories Nearly all Fortune 500 companies rely on us. READ MORE » Want to learn more? Contact Us Inquire about corporate subscriptions today. CONTACT SALES » About eMarketer Contact Us Why eMarketer Events Newsroom Advertising Opportunities Career Opportunities Privacy Policy Call Us: 1-800-405-0844 Coverage by Topic Advertising & Marketing B2B Demographics Ecommerce Email Media Usage, Buying & Planning Mobile Search Social Video NEW! Create your own charts on these topics, instantly. Try it now > Coverage by Geography Asia-Pacific Central & Eastern Europe Latin America Middle East & Africa North America Western Europe Coverage by Industry Automotive Consumer Products Financial Services Media & Entertainment Pharma & Healthcare Retail Travel Popular Articles Why Marketers Haven't Mastered Multichannel TV Campaigns Extend Reach via Facebook Ads How Effective Has Personalization Been So Far? Explore More Articles » Our Media Sites eMarketer Articles eMarketer Retail         Copyright 2016 eMarketer Inc. All Rights Reserved.
News Reviews Tech Tips Galleries Buying Guides Videos Talking Points SEARCH HOT GADGETS Oppo F3S Redmi 4A iPhone 7 Asus Zenfone 3s Max Moto G5 Plus Nokia 3310 Motorola Moto M PM Modi launches BHIM-Aadhaar app, now pay at shops using fingerprint HTC U with Snapdragon 835, Edge Sense to launch in April OnePlus 5 spotted again, launch date set for Q2 2017 Jio's new Dhan Dhana Dhan offer: Top 5 things that you need to know Home > Technology > Full text of Tim Cook's email to Apple employees over Trump's withdrawal from Paris agreement India Today Tech Last Updated: JUN 02, 2017 New Delhi Email Author Apple CEO Tim Cook on Thursday wrote a memo to his employees, expressing his disappointment with Trump's decision to move out of the Paris accord. He said that he tried to persuade President Donald Trump to keep US in the Paris agreement but it wasn't enough. This is what he tweeted. Decision to withdraw from the #ParisAgreeement was wrong for our planet. Apple is committed to fight climate change and we will never waver.- Tim Cook (@tim_cook) June 2, 2017Here is the full text of the email Cook wrote to his Apple employees. Team, I know many of you share my disappointment with the White House's decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate agreement. I spoke with President Trump on Tuesday and tried to persuade him to keep the U.S. in the agreement. But it wasn't enough.Climate change is real and we all share a responsibility to fight it. I want to reassure you that today's developments will have no impact on Apple's efforts to protect the environment. We power nearly all of our operations with renewable energy, which we believe is an example of something that's good for our planet and makes good business sense as well. We will keep working toward the ambitious goals of a closed-loop supply chain, and to eventually stop mining new materials altogether. Of course, we're going to keep working with our suppliers to help them do more to power their businesses with clean energy. And we will keep challenging ourselves to do even more. Knowing the good work that we and countless others around the world are doing, there are plenty of reasons to be optimistic about our planet's future. Our mission has always been to leave the world better than we found it. We will never waver, because we know that future generations depend on us. Your work is as important today as it has ever been. Thank you for your commitment to making a difference every single day. Tim Donald Trump on Thursday announced that won't be a part of Paris Agreement on global warming. "It is time to put Youngstown, Ohio, Detroit, Mich., and Pittsburgh, Pa., â€¦ before Paris, France," Los Angeles Times quoted Trump.  He further stated that joining Paris Accord would weaken the economy and sovereignty of US and put the country  "at a permanent disadvantage to the other countries of the world." For more news from India Today, follow us on Twitter @IndiaTodayTech and on Facebook at facebook.com/indiatodaytech For news and videos in Hindi, go to AajTak.in.ताज़ातरीन ख़बरों और वीडियो के लिए आजतक.इन पर आएं.   Most Read Judy malware infects millions of Android phones: What is it and does it affect you? Xiaomi Redmi 4 review: Redmi 3S Prime HD remaster Mark Zuckerberg gets his Harvard degree 12 years after dropping out: 10 quotes from his speech Nokia 3310 (2017) review: A phone for old times' sake Recommended Reviews Oppo F3 review: Buy it for its superb selfie camera Tecno i7 review: A decent smartphone that lacks polish Nokia 3310 (2017) review: A phone for old times' sake Asus ZenFone Live (ZB501KL) review: Live and let live iPad 2017 review: Going back to the iPad's roots VIDEOS Inside a phone factory: How smartphones are made Xiaomi Mi Note 3: dual camera and other expected features Nokia 3310 (2017): Unboxing the India variant more Tech Tips WannaCry ransomware cyber attack: Here's how you can protect yourself Tech Tips: How to delete your WhatsApp account permanently Tech tip: Delete your Facebook account permanently with these easy steps Miss old status in WhatsApp? Here's how to set it up in new WhatsApp Tech tip: Use this free method to watch region-locked YouTube videos in India more Talking Points Shobhit VarmaDo not buy Nokia 3310 for nostalgia, buy it for peace of mind Priya PathakFree Jio is gone and here is why you are going to miss it badly Shobhit VarmaSamsung Galaxy S8 is gorgeous but it is not perfect and here are 5 reasons why Javed AnwerDear DU, you should teach students NOT TO post on Facebook Javed AnwerIf you find Galaxy S8 overpriced, it is not meant for you more News Reviews Tech Tips Galleries Buying Guides Videos Talking Points Copyright © 2017 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today. Copyright © 2017 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today.
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us: SUBSCRIBE NOW My Profile Log out LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age MenuClose Advertising Age Search Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Video Making Sense of the Connected Life Connected devices from Amazon Echo to smart toothbrushes are taking over, but few of us recognize their real power and potential. Featured Super Bowl Ad Archive Best Places to Work Women to Watch 40 Under 40 Agency Report Leading National Advertisers Tagline Podcast Required Reading The 2017 Marketing Fact Pack Opinion See All DigitalNext The Media Guy Agency Viewpoint Rance Crain Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Log Out Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Now Log Out Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search What Agencies and Brands Expect From Apple's Siri Homecoming By Garett Sloane - just now Array 0 Why On-Site Agencies Are Catching on With Clients By Emma Hall - 58 minutes ago Array 0 Before You Put Your Ad Business Up for a Pitch, Read This By Mark Wnek - 59 minutes ago Array 0 Burger King's McWhopper Proposal Nabs 2017 Grand Effie By Lindsay Stein - 3 hours ago Array 0 How an Esports League Is Changing to Lure Brand Sponsors By E.J. Schultz - 7 hours ago Array 0 Google Chrome Will Automatically Block Annoying Ads By George Slefo - 8 hours ago 0 Gru From 'Despicable Me' Explores His DNA in Ad for 23AndMe By Alexandra Jardine - Yesterday 0 Microsoft Overhauls Skype for the Age of Snapchat 13 hours ago 0 Tiny Toast is Toast: General Mills Benches Brand Name By Jessica Wohl - Yesterday 0 The Short, Happy Life of NBC's New 'Must-See TV' By Anthony Crupi - Yesterday 0 Ad Age's Women to Watch 2017 - 11 hours ago 0 Marketers Struggle With Viewability IRL, Too By Jack Neff - 18 hours ago 0 Ballad of the Sad White Alpha Men By Simon Dumenco - 18 hours ago 0 NBC Wins Broadcast TV's Annual War of Attrition By Anthony Crupi - Yesterday 0 Strahan Reveals Locker Room Secrets (And What He Thinks of Ryan Seacrest) By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 11 hours ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US × Sign In Register Sign In Forgot Password? Once registered, you can: - Read additional free articles each month - Comment on articles and featured creative work - Get our curated newsletters delivered to your inbox Register Now By registering you agree to our privacy policy, terms & conditions and to receive occasional emails from Ad Age. You may unsubscribe at any time. Are you a print subscriber? Activate your account. What Agencies and Brands Expect From Apple's Siri Homecoming By Garett Sloane. Published on June 02, 2017. Apple is expected to extend its Siri voice-activated helper beyond the iPhone to a sleek new speaker. Credit: Apple Most Popular Agencies and brands suddenly have plenty of questions for Siri, which Apple is expected to extend from the iPhone to a new home-assistant device at its conference for developers next week. Marketers and publishers are eager to see where they could fit into the device, but right now all they know is the world of Amazon and Google's assistants, where they've accumulated plenty of experience developing programs to answer consumers' commands. Apple is late to the party. It also traditionally maintains tighter control over its ecosystem than its rivals. "Amazon and Google have allowed broad third-party support, but brands may want to temper their expectations for any Siri additions," said Jon Reiling, AKQA's head of emerging technology for Atlanta and Washington, D.C., in an e-mail. "If their previous implementation of third-party Siri integration is anything to go by, Apple's concern for multilingual support, privacy and user experience means that they will remain gatekeepers for many elements of the user interaction." So far, brands have taken most to Amazon, because its Alexa controls 70% of the voice-enabled speaker market in the U.S., according to eMarketer. Alexa can take voice commands to order a Lyft, send a text message through AT&T, reserve a table through OpenTable and play videos from Amazon's library. Brands have the potential to score big when they become the go-to habit in a voice-assisted service. "We've built prototypes for brands on Alexa and are working on one for Google Assistant," Azher Ahmed, exec VP-director of digital at DDB Worldwide, said in an e-mail. The agency's emphasis is on services that naturally make sense for the way people use assistants and offer some kind of value, he said, as opposed to gimmicks designed just to force a brand's way onto a cool new platform. Ahmed declined to identify the brands for which DDB is developing home-assistant apps. Related Stories Google Will Promote Its AI Assistant Home in a Super Bowl Spot Steve Smith Gets an Assist From Alexa in Amazon Echo's New Spot Apple's Siri speaker will likely feature the "usual spit and polish" one expects from the hardware maker, Reiling said. Reports have indicated that the speaker will offer sound quality above Amazon and Google's devices. Still, Siri does not have a reputation as the smartest smart assistant, and both Google and Amazon have superior machine learning technology. "Siri must differentiate in broad ways, beyond hardware," Reiling said. "The assistant is too quick to frustrate and too easy of a punchline." Third-party developers could be the key to Apple's home-controlling devices, and it will look to dominate like it has with its app store, which has been the most innovative and lucrative. On Thursday, Apple said the App Store generated $70 billion for third-party developers since it first opened. There will be room for that base of developers to build for Siri in the home. "If Apple releases this platform in the same way they released their watch and the iMessage platform, a native app developer will be able to simply build an extension for their app," Christian Brucculeri, CEO of Snaps, an Apple iPhone developer, said in an e-mail. "This would make sense as it'll allow Apple to leverage its massive installed app base to populate its speaker with experiences with the least amount of friction for consumers and developers." But Apple often prefers its own services for music and other forms of media. That could make it hard, if not impossible, for Spotify and others to integrate with Siri in the home. Apple, of course, has Apple Music. In this article: A.I. Ad Tech Agencies Digital Mobile Social Technology Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Site by AREA 17
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News US to withdraw from Paris Climate agreement, President Donald Trump says in interest of American citizens The New Hardline In The Valley: Overnight lock-up, 5 days in custody for this 10-year-old India to get SCO full membership in Astana, say Russia and China Jharkhand lynchings: Two held for spreading messages that fuelled child-lifting rumours Ramachandra Guha quits board panel after he opposed Virat Kohli’s say on coach Home Technology Tech News From India to Silicon Valley, how June software cashed in on Apple’s success From India to Silicon Valley, how June software cashed in on Apple’s success June Software is a Silicon Valley company, started out of India. Their TaptoLearn app launched in May 2010 and their first game was shipped in June 2010. It went on to become one of the top 25 grossing games in the world, and would eventually lead to the next big break for the company. Written by Shruti Dhapola | New Delhi | Updated: June 2, 2017 11:57 am June Software’s founder Roby John credits the close working relationship with Apple in helping them understand how to plan games for the future. Related News Apple iPhone 8 leaks: New schematics, size compared with Samsung Galaxy S8, S8+ Apple WWDC 2017: Siri speaker is coming, to take on Google Home, Amazon Echo Apple to launch new MacBook Pro next week, official announcement to be made at WWDC 2017 India is currently the second largest internet user base in the world, with 355 million (Mary Meeker’s 2017 report), just behind China. This is also the market where most of the traffic is driven by mobile web, with the majority of users relying on their phones to access internet. But the proliferation of smartphones hasn’t always translated into easy monetization for app developers. The idea of paying for apps, including mobile games, is something that is yet to catch up. For game developers like June Software, which has seen its fair share of success in the US market, the Indian market is just starting to change. June Software is a Silicon Valley-based company, which actually started in India. They have been developing games, including education-based games, for Apple’s iOS since 2007. Games like Ninjump Dash, MaskGun, Maths vs Zombies, have bought the company success. “We started in 2007, when the first iPhone came out. December is when we made our first app, December 2008. We had 900 downloads on the first day. That’s when we realised the power of the iOS platform, and decided to shift,” explains Roby John, one of the three founders of June software. He explains the company’s big break was when the iPad launched in 2010.  “We thought it was something that was very interesting. When the iPad came out, I realised it can be used to grab the student’s attention, also measure the retention,” says Roby, who has a background in the education, teaching world. June’s TaptoLearn platform launched in May 2010, and June 2010 they shipped the first game from this platform. It went on to become one of the top 25 grossing games in the world, and would eventually lead to the next big break for the company. As Roby explains, the success with the iPad and TapToLearn showed them the real pace of monetization possible on iOS. June Software’s TaptoLearn launched in May 2010 and their first game was shipped in June 2010. “We got great feedback when we went to schools in the US,” he adds. June Software would eventually shift base to Silicon Valley. In 2012, they managed to get into Y Combinator, and in 2012 raised money to from Silicon Valley investors. “When we went into Y Combinator, we had half a million installs. After that we had 3 million, which shows what it did for us,” explains June’s founder. For this gaming company, the link with Apple and its iOS platform also helped boost success. Roby cites a 2012 meeting with Lauren Powell Jobs, the wife of late Steve Jobs. “To actually meet the first family of Apple was a two-year journey for us. It told us anything and everything is possible. They have great confidence in our abilities, and the quality of our games kept improving,” he adds. June’s founder also says the key to survival in the gaming app industry is centred around adapting. “Most companies in this space have kind of died. We focus on free to play category, and one kind of genre: real-time gaming. Why real-time gaming? We think this is the hardest category. In 2013, we saw it as the future,” he explains. Roby credits the close working relationship with Apple in helping them understand how to plan for the future. The company has also won a prize as one of the oldest developer in the App Store, and has seen over 70 million installs worldwide. He explains that Apple’s WorldWide Developer Conference (WWDC) is one important stage for developers to get a headstart on how to plan for future products. “One of the ideas with WWDC is to show our team members that the top game are being made by people just like you. You can get insider tips on what to do, and what not to do. That is really what you get from Apple WWDC: learning from your peers,” he says. The other value for developers is understanding things from Apple’s side. “See Apple has a lot of its own developers, and APIs, but there is a core thinking behind all of this. If you understand this core thinking, you can plan your products better,”says Roby. June software brought their games to India in 2015-16, but here they have gone for a different strategy by relying on some popular cartoon figures like Chhota Bheem and Motu Patlu. According to him, the advantage of WWDC is that developers get to know what’s coming next from Apple, how it will affect their game, upcoming payment methods, the kind of marketing they can do. “From a developer perspective you want all the possible access to WWDC,” he says, given it means three to five months advance notice for future products. June software brought their games to India in 2015-16, but here they have gone for a different strategy by relying on some popular cartoon figures like Chhota Bheem and Motu Patlu. “So India is home ground advantage for us. From a distribution perspective, we’ve tied up with Nazara, which owns the rights for Chota Bheem and Motu Patlu IP (Intellectual Property) and built games on those. We take our existing games and built on around those properties. Chhota Bheem Race and Chhota Bheem Talking Toy which went to be number one on the AppStores briefly, and we’ve seen over 12 million installs in India,” says Roby. For the developers, the Indian market is still a work in progress. For example, their game MaskGun has not yet launched in India, because it requires high-speed internet, and a high-end device for optimal experience. However, Roby admits, the devices have gotten better, and so has internet connectivity and data usage, which will work well for their real-time multiplayer games in the future. June Software has also partnered with telecom carriers in India, helping curate stores, which has helped them gain more perspective around this market, and write games around the market. “We’ve started using Chota Bheem to repackage some of our TapToLearn stuff in India. We think from a schools perspective, in the US it is very easy to sell it to schools, they are outlined to a district. But in India, it is largely private, so you’ll need a large sales force on the ground,” he explains. Roby thinks India needs a good model for payment, and Apple’s subscription model is one such way of changing this. “If you see the app store, the top grossing games are free to play games thanks to in-apps payments,” he explains. He think there is huge potential in India, even for paid apps, and this will start to grow in the coming year. In India, the company has repackaged its Maths vs Zombies around Chota Bheem, and is also looking at the ads model for monetization. “People would not pay $5 upfront here like they do in the US. Paid advertising can also work. In India, all kids TV is sponsored content. We’re exploring something similar for our games,” he says. More Related News India’s tablet market declines by 18 per cent on an yearly basis: IDC Andy Rubin’s Essential PH-1 smartphone: How it stacks against Apple iPhone 7 Plus, Galaxy S8+ For all the latest Technology News, download Indian Express App © IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd Tags: Apple Apple WWDC 2017 No Comments. Most Read Kajol, daughter Nysa's beach vacation is providing Ajay Devgn Vitamin F. See their holiday photos CBSE 10th results 2017: Where and how to check results Abhishek Bachchan is madly in love with wife Aishwarya Rai's beauty. This photo is proof England beat Bangladesh by eight wickets in their ICC Champions Trophy 2017 opener WATCH: This Baahubali scene in 'Chinese' is brilliant; you will never say Kattappa the same way again Best of Express SportsExclusive details of Ramachandra Guha's letter to Vinod Rai on why he quit as BCCI administrator How Donald Trump's withdrawal from Paris Agreement affects climate change goals — especially India's Prithvi-II missile successfully test-fired from Odisha OpinionThose who invoke Israeli army example in J&K must educate themselves about its code of ethics OpinionKabul blast: The dots can be joined to the Haqqani Network Buzzing Now EntertainmentBaywatch movie review: Priyanka Chopra, we can't take eyes off you EntertainmentSalman Khan at IIFA event: Katrina Kaif is the best dancer, Alia Bhatt is right behind her EntertainmentDangal vs Baahubali 2 box office: Aamir Khan film creates Rs 1800-cr club now TrendingHillary Clinton's 'Covfefe' reply to Trump's 'Crooked Hillary' remark is winning the Internet  Baahubali to Dangal: Parineeti Chopra's 'power pose' perfectly fits into these funny memes Top News Three lead comic artists tear apart the ‘bro-code’ in Indian comic scene NBC journalist Megyn Kelly asks second-most followed leader PM Modi: 'Are you on Twitter?' LifestyleWe have digested, held in our bellies so much violence that it is hard to be moral: Arundhati Roy US Scripps National Spelling Bee: Ananya Vinay is the 2017 champion, will take home $40000 cash prize SportsExclusive details of Ramachandra Guha's letter to Vinod Rai on why he quit as BCCI administrator Sports'Kohli had questions on Kumble's appointment' LifestyleQueen of Dark: This 24-year-old South Sudanese model is as bold as she is beautiful  20 different phobias you probably didn't know existed TechnologyNubia Z17 with 8GB RAM, Snapdragon 835 launched: Price, full specifications TechnologyMotorola Moto C price in India spotted online, ahead of official launch Jun 02: Latest News Once inspired by Tiger Woods, minority golfers saddened by fall Sanjay Dutt biopic postponed to avoid clash with Salman Khan, Ranbir Kapoor film to release in 2018 Nubia Z17 with 8GB RAM, Snapdragon 835 launched: Price, full specifications Google faces hefty EU fine in shopping service case ICC Champions Trophy: Chris Woakes’ injury is a major concern for England, says Eoin Morgan Shruti DhapolaLooking at technology and web culture.... read more From India to Silicon Valley, how June software cashed in on Apple’s success Mary Meeker Internet trends 2017 report: The top highlights for India Smart Home will take sometime to make gains in India, say LG’s Amit Gujral                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
TRENDING CES 2017 MicroCap Donald Trump MLB Clinton Pol Sports Business Simulations SF Bay Area Events Navigate Zennie62 Personalities, Zennie Abraham Forward Looking Statements Disclaimer SF Bay Area Events Online Marketing Promotion, By Zennie62Media #SFEvents YT ComicCon Oscars ATL CHI CLV DAL DC DEN Fash GAMe KIV LA LV BH LON NFL Oakland Obama NYC MIA Phil SF LV SEA SD Tech Zennie62 TOS Cont Who Ad Rate LOG Live FLS Priv Apple CEO Tim Cook: Trump’s Decision to Withdraw From Paris Accord ‘Was Wrong for Our Planet’ – Mac Rumors Posted on Jun 1 2017 - 9:02pm by Zennie Abraham Categorized as Business 5 Related Dow Jones Industrial Average Nabs Record Close Ahead of Jobs Report – Nasdaq Mac Rumors Apple CEO Tim Cook this afternoon sent an email to Apple employees expressing his disappointment with U.S. President Donald Trump’s decision to pull out of the Paris climate deal. In the email, which was shared by BuzzFeed, Cook says that while he … Trump Misused MIT Research in Reasons for Ditching Climate DealMIT Technology Review ‘The Daily’: Understanding the Paris Climate DealNew York Times Trump falsely claims Paris deal has a minimal impact on warmingThinkProgress Washington Post –TechCrunch –Newsweek –Vox all 4,717 news articles …read more Source:: Business News By Google News The Zennie62 News Sites Atlanta - Chicago - Denver - Houston - Las Vegas - Los Angeles - New York - Oakland - Oakland News - Washington DC - Orlando - Richmond - Miami - London - Seattle Blog - Cleveland Blog - RSS - Honolulu - San Diego - San Francisco - Facebook - Dallas - Zennie62 - NFL Football - YouTube - Twitter - RSS - Sims - SFGate - Examiner - College Football - SF Events San Francisco - Tom Teicholz - Microcap Stock News Blog - World News Media Network - Visit and follow Zennie62 at Twitter Share to Linkedin - your text link here. About the Author Zennie Abraham Zennie Abraham is the founder of Zennie62Media which consists of zennie62blog.com and a multimedia blog news aggregator and video network, and 78-blog network, with social media and content development services and consulting. Zennie is a pioneer video blogger, YouTube Partner, social media practitioner, game developer, and pundit. Note: news aggregator content does not reflect the personal views of Mr. Abraham. SUBSCRIBE TO ZENNIE62 ON YOUTUBE here for latest Zennie62 on YouTube videos SUBSCRIBE TO ZENNIE62BLOG.com NEWS FEED SUBSCRIBE TO NEWS from Zennie62Blog.com by Email Zennie62Media: Content Development, Social Media Marketing, Reputation Management click here for more info on our services Become a Zennie62 sponsor, visit the Sponsor Zennie62 page. HELP HOMELESS AMERICAN VETERANS, donate to Code Of Support . [yourchannel user="Zennie62"] Zennie62 Email List Name Email * Zennie62 on YouTube Las Vegas Pol Blasts NFL Oakland Raiders Zennie62 YouTube at CES 2017 Video downloader for my YT vids Follow Zennie62 Twitter Follow @zennie62 Click For The Vrypac Backpack Subscribe To Zennie62 YouTube Oscars 2016 Zennie62 YouTube Zennie62 On YouTube NBA Finals 2017 Cavs vs Warriors Game 1 Live Vlog #NBAFinals Trump Administration Didn't Read Paris Accord, Confused UN President With Obama NBA Finals Cleveland Cavs vs Golden State Warriors Oakland Preview Livestream Oakland Offers $1 Million Settlement To Jasmine Abuslin Sex Scandal Victim Oakland In NBA Finals TV Spotlight Again, Not After Warriors Go To SF Finished House Of Cards Season 5 On Netflix, And Wow, Did Trump See It? Derek Carr Contract Trumanine Johnson Rams, Mark Sanchez Injury NFL Livestream Tiger Woods DUI Arrest A Police Set Up - Sports Talk Livestream SF Bay Area Events Meeting Promotion Today Frank Deford Of Sports Illustrated And NPR Passes Today Terry Frei Fired By Denver Post After Racist Indy 500 Tweet On Takuma Sato http://www.youtube.com/c/zennie62 AJ Sports At NFL Combine For Zennie62 Pin It Go to DASHBOARD > Appearance > Menus to set up the menu. Recent Comments labman57 on Miss District Of Columbia Says Health Care Is A Privilege – Miss USA 2017 – Vlog Zennie Abraham on Oakland Has Forgotten How To Do Economic Development Rod Harrell on Oakland Has Forgotten How To Do Economic Development Zennie Abraham on Mayor Schaaf Announces Plan To Take Oakland Raiders By Eminent Domain (LS) – Vlog Zennie Abraham on Did Oakland Raiders Owner Mark Davis Lie About Coliseum Lease, Las Vegas Decision, At NFL Meeting? – @2017 Zennie62Media | Back to top Open
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Entertainment Jason Isn't The Only Killer In Friday The 13th Marvel's Runaways Are Coming Back From The Dead In An All-New Comic Series A Nier: Automata Anime Seems Like A Good Idea Fine Art: Lightning Strikes Once Esports Riot Games Is Franchising Its North American League At $10 Million A Spot For The First Time, European Call Of Duty Team Wins US Tournament Brave Players Who Entered Combo Breaker Mystery Game Tournament Had To Play Some Weird Stuff Overwatch Training Apps Gave Me A Way To Obsess But Not Improve Xbox The Powerpuff Girls And Teen Titans Go! Come To LEGO Dimensions In September One Year Later, Did Microsoft Keep Their E3 2016 Promises? In Injustice 2, The Joker's Crowbar Means Nothing To Jason Todd Injustice 2 Is Surprisingly At Its Best When It Forgets It's An Injustice Sequel PlayStation Warner Bros. Has Delayed Middle-earth: Shadow Of War Two Months One Year Later, Did Sony Keep Their E3 2016 Promises? Whatever You Do, Don't Kill People Final Fantasy 14: Stormblood's New Zones Are So Pretty Nintendo Nintendo Switch's Online Service Will Be $US20/Year [UPDATE] Fire Emblem Echoes' DLC Removes All The Challenge Watch (Part Of) A Mario Anime That's Been Lost For Almost 20 Years Streamer Jailbreaks Super Mario World Cartridge To Run Mods PC Overwatch's Match Rating System Only Showed That Players Like Winning, Hate Losing A Nostalgic Game That Spills Out Into Your Internet Browser Eyes On With Acer And ASUS's 35-Inch 200Hz Mammoth Monitors New Star Trek VR Game Really Is Like Manning Your Own Starfleet Vessel  Mobile FRAMED 2 Is Out Very, Very Soon You Can Play Cricket On The Front Page Of Google Meet The Essential Phone, The Latest Phone From The Creator Of Android Introducing A New Pokemon App Called Pokeland In Real Life Wonder Woman Cosplay Is Ready For The Big Screen YouTube Video Sparks Debate About Relabeling Vintage Cartridges D&D's Biggest Livestream Event Happens Tomorrow ScribbleTaku Retro Remembering That Time Apple Made A Proper Console ScribbleTaku ScribbleTaku The Last Express Was One Of The 90s Most Unique Games Toggle navigation Entertainment Esports Xbox PlayStation Nintendo PC Mobile In Real Life Retro Remembering That Time Apple Made A Proper Console One Year Later, Did Sony Keep Their E3 2016 Promises? Deals: Here, Have A VPN For 90% Off Nintendo Switch's Online Service Will Be $US20/Year [UPDATE] Remembering That Time Apple Made A Proper Console Alex Walker Jun 2, 2017, 1:15pm ⋅ Filed to:  au. apple feature pippin atmark Share Image: Youtube (Snazzy Labs) When you think of Apple pre-iPod and iPhone, people tend to think of the iMac, the Apple II, the original 128k, and other classics. What most people don't think about is the PiPP!N, a home console that looks a bit like a lovechild between a PowerPC and the Dreamcast. The PiPP!N was a collaboration between the Japanese toy maker Bandai (which didn't merge with Namco until 2005) and Apple in the early 90's. It was borne out of an idea to license Apple's software onto third party devices to help the company's outside of its core hardware segment. Unveiled in 1994, Bandai took care of the manufacturing and marketing for the console. Apple's responsibility lie in the research costs, and they maintained the licensing rights as well. But while both companies had big plans for the console, which was marketed as something that bring some of the functionality of PCs into households that hadn't jumped on board yet, it ended up being one of Apple's biggest failures. Snazzy Labs took apart and played with a PiPP!N recently, which you can see below. It wasn't actually a bad piece of kit for 1996, with a 4x CD-ROM drive, expandable memory, up to 16-bit colour, and support for accessories like a keyboard and mouse. It was even region-free, although that didn't get around the console's biggest problems. Apart from a complete failure on the marketing side - Apple was completely hands off with the PiPP!n in that regard - the console also launched into a heavily competitive market. The SNES, PlayStation and Nintendo 64 were all vying for attention. PC gaming was plenty big as well, and around the same time 3D accelerators were starting to become affordable. It also had the appeal of multiplayer shooters like Duke Nukem and Quake, which was a huge drawcard. That wasn't helped by a lack of developer support from Apple and Bandai, which harmed the console's game library. When Steve Jobs returned as Apple's CEO in 1997, he killed the project, along with all other third-party Mac-based offerings. Bandai ended production of the PiPP!N by the end of 1997, with the remaining consoles rebadged as "Atmark" and sold at bargain prices. WATCH MORE: Gaming News Comments king_rocket @king_rocket Jun 2, 2017, 2:04pm If Jobs didn't kill this then Bungie might have stayed with apple. Allegedly Halo was one of Jobs biggest disappointments and one of the reasons apple stayed out of gaming for some long. Reply 0 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now JB Hi-Fi Is Selling An Xbox One Bundle Called 'Race Wars' Alex Walker 31 May 2017 7:00 PM Kotaku Australia has learned that JB Hi-Fi stores from around Australia will begin advertising a special Xbox bundle from tomorrow, termed "Race Wars". The Friday The 13th Game Isn't Very Good Gita Jackson 31 May 2017 1:00 PM Friday the 13th has a lot in common with some of the sillier sequels in the film's franchise. it's great for a laugh, but not much else. Want Kotaku's email newsletter? Subscribe Alert me about competitions & deals Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Here, Have A VPN For 90% Off Deals: Drop Some Sick Beats In The Shower With This Waterproof Speaker Deals: Learn To Build Your Own Android Apps Deals: Fang Around Safely With This Hands-Free Phone Mount Trending Articles 1 JB Hi-Fi Is Selling An Xbox One Bundle Called 'Race Wars' 2 The Friday The 13th Game Isn't Very Good 3 Nintendo Switch's Online Service Will Be $US20/Year [UPDATE] This Robotic Exosuit Could Turn You Into A Super Athlete Why You Should Give Your Car A Shitty Paint Job Of Course the New Star Trek RPG Comes In A Borg Cube Box This Is The Coolest Road You've Never Heard Of Battlegrounds Player Pretends To Be An Army Man, Crushes It Overwatch's Match Rating System Only Showed That Players Like Winning, Hate Losing A Nostalgic Game That Spills Out Into Your Internet Browser Eyes On With Acer And ASUS's 35-Inch 200Hz Mammoth Monitors Find The Perfect Soundtrack For Any Book In Defence Of Grammar Pedantry How To Take The Best Bath Possible Retailers Are Already Feeling The Amazon Pinch Arsene Wenger stuns football industry with world-record transfer bid for a French teenager 10 things in tech you need to know today AUSTRALIAN STOCKS RALLY: Here's what you need to know TV news broadcasters have ditched general election polls as a 'total waste of time' © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Kotaku International × Log in to Kotaku Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Kotaku User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Kotaku International Kotaku US Kotaku UK Close
Subscribe About Contact Advertise BURN MEDIA Memeburn Tech-savvy insight and analysis Motorburn Because cars are gadgets Ventureburn Startup news for emerging markets Jobsburn Digital industry jobs for the anti 9 to 5! About Contact Advertise Subscribe Essential Phone News Reviews Mobile Applications Mobile Phones Tablets Games Videos Galleries MenuEssential Phone News Reviews Mobile -Applications -Mobile Phones -Tablets Games Videos Galleries Trending Update: PS4 gets performance buff, new icons with version 4.70 firmware Camera comparison: Huawei P10 Plus vs LG G6 vs Samsung Galaxy S8 Exclusive: Sony Xperia XZ Premium to hit SA in July, price in tow [Update] Huawei P8 Lite 2017, P10 Lite, more to hit SA New Nokia 3310 now available in SA, but is it worth the price? Huawei P10, P10 Plus launch in South Africa Samsung Galaxy S8 launches in SA tomorrow, what do critics say? Reviews / Samsung Galaxy S8 review: a great phone, but not Galaxy S7 great By Hadlee Simons on 1 June, 2017 How do you build on the success of the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge (review)? It’s quite possibly one of the best smartphones ever released, combining a killer camera with a respectable battery and a gorgeous screen. That alone is a tall order, but throw in the Note 7 disaster and you’ve got all eyes on Samsung, as it seeks to regain its place atop the Android smartphone pile. Speaking of “tall”, that’s the first thing you’ll notice about the Galaxy S8… Design Imagine the Galaxy S7 Edge, but with thinner bezels, a similarly thin design and a taller form factor, and you’ve got a great idea of what the Galaxy S8 is like. Much like LG and the G6 (review), Samsung has opted for the high screen/body ratio, cutting borders away to just a sliver at the top and bottom. But Samsung has thrown in that dual-curved screen as well, dominating the front of the phone. And the only logo you’ll find is on the back. LG’s smartphone is definitely thicker, with Samsung’s device being more svelte. I quite like LG’s heft and thicker design though — I don’t feel like the S8 can survive an accidental drop. In fact, a fellow tech writer friend has already cracked their review unit after an inadvertent drop. As for materials, you’re looking at a metallic rim (tapering off on the left and right edges) and a glass back that attracts fingerprint grease. In any event, it all comes together to produce a phone that definitely feels expensive. In terms of I/O and buttons, you’ve got an earphone jack (yay), USB Type-C port and speaker at the bottom, power/lock button on the left, SIM/microSD bay at the top, and volume rocker and Bixby button on the left. More on that Bixby button later… Between the high screen/body ratio, the materials used and the thin form factor, the Galaxy S8 definitely makes for a striking first impression. Is it the most visually appealing Android smartphone around? I still like the Mi Mix, but Samsung’s device is certainly in the running. Display Whether you’re a member of the LCD legion or an AMOLED acolyte, I think we can all agree that the Galaxy S8 has an absolutely gorgeous screen. Text looks sharp, your photos look great and the choice to go narrow and tall, much like the G6, is a wise one. It’s not a fingerprint magnet like many other screens, while it bursts with colour and reaches some high brightness levels. You won’t have trouble in direct sunlight, then. And the AMOLED nature of the screen means that always-on functionality (displaying the clock, battery life, etc) is put to good use, only lighting a portion of the screen rather than the whole display. The display is HDR-enabled, but Netflix only supports the LG G6 as of writing, while other services like Amazon Prime Video and YouTube are missing. The ability to record video in HDR would be a solid way improve the content situation then, but it’s not present either. Nevertheless, the 18.5:9 screen ratio and tall, narrow screen is indeed a great decision. The phone’s display does feel a little too tall when reaching for the dropdown menu and the upper sixth of the screen, necessitating a shuffle to get to the top with one hand. But overall, it’s reminiscent of the iPhone 5, feeling far more ergonomic than a traditional 5.7-inch display even. Heck, my seeded Huawei P9 feels super wide in comparison, despite having a 5.2-inch screen. I’m still not fully sold on the dual-curved design though, as gorgeous as it is. The hit-and-miss palm rejection tech means you might miss camera shots on the very odd occasion or accidentally open a WhatsApp contact’s profile photo (this happened far too often for my liking). Still, if you’re basing your purchase on display quality above all else, the Galaxy S8 is definitely up there with the Xperia XZ Premium as one of the best in the market. Performance on paper? Last year’s Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge stood out for sheer horsepower too, with the Exynos 8890 chipset actually beating the Snapdragon 820 used in rival phones. In fact, the Samsung chip was also more powerful than Huawei’s own beefy Kirin 950 chip, specifically in the graphics department. Does the Galaxy S8 and its Exynos 8895 provide a big leap though? An Antutu test saw the phone deliver some pretty fantastic results during graphical scenes, with judder now and again but a smooth experience the vast majority of the time. As for an overall score, you’re looking at two consecutive scores in the 173 000 range, being significantly higher than the Galaxy S7’s 129 000 or thereabouts. In fact, the S8’s score sees it landing at number two on the Antutu charts, with Apple’s iPhone 7 Plus being ahead of it. The GFX Bench 4 test also sees the Samsung device hand in a strong performance for the most part. It goes toe to toe with Apple’s best when it comes to the likes of the T-Rex test, ALU 2 run-through and several off-screen tests. Otherwise, the phone lags behind Apple’s best and/or Nvidia’s Shield TV when it comes to tests like Car Chase, Manhattan and texturing. In plain English, the Galaxy S8 silicon is a big step forward for Samsung in benchmarks, but Apple’s hardware/software synergy means it’s still pulling big numbers. Key numbers Dimensions: 68.1mm x 8.0mm x 148.9mm (Galaxy S8) Weight: 155 grams (Galaxy S8) SIM type: single nano-SIM Display: 5.8-inch, 1440×2960, Super AMOLED Chipset: Samsung Exynos 8895 octacore processor | quad-core custom 2.3Ghz & quad-core ARM Cortex-A53 1.7Ghz | Mali G71 MP20 GPU | 4GB RAM Storage: 64GB expandable storage Imaging: (Main) 12MP, f/1.7 aperture, 1.5 micron pixels, OIS | (Front) 8MP, f/1.7 aperture, 1.22 micron pixels Video: 4K at 30fps, slow-motion 240fps at 720p, 1080p/60fps Battery: 3000mAh fixed Cool features: rear-mounted fingerprint scanner, iris scanner OS: Android 7.0 Nougat with TouchWiz Benchmarks are one thing, but we’re glad to report that the Galaxy S8 isn’t a slouch when it comes to actually using the device. The phone unlocks in no time flat, multitasking is usually extremely snappy and responsive, apps launch quickly and scrolling (be it on the web or in apps) is a smooth endeavour. Sticklers for detail will probably notice a frameskip once in a blue moon, but it’s clear that we’ve got a speedy phone on our hands. It’s a long way away from the Galaxy S4 and its bloatware-ridden skin. In saying so, I did notice two random shutdowns in the three weeks I’ve been using it. The first shutdown took place when I was tinkering with the camera, failing to save the last photo I had taken at that moment. The second reboot came out of nowhere, as I stuck the phone in its box. The phone booted up a game as I placed it in the box (an accidental press due to the curved screen) and then, as I hit the home button to exit the game, it shut down. Very weird. In the gaming department, we played about half a dozen titles on the handset, starting with lighter/older fare like Nimble Quest, MNDZZ and Astra, then ramping it up with Nascar Heat Mobile, Motorsport Manager, Maximum Car and Fury Turn. The result? Well, the lightweight titles predictably ran without judder at all, but the heavier games didn’t disappoint either, running at a very smooth pace. Maximum Car in particular is a workout for many a phone, but it looks and feels great on the Galaxy S8. Now, about installing the Dolphin emulator and getting my GameCube library onto the phone… What does Samsung bring to the Android table? As for the actual TouchWiz skin, we’re glad to see Samsung isn’t quite returning to the heavy theme of yore. That’s not to say that the company hasn’t delivered plenty of customisations though… We’ve got a Pixel-style app drawer that I don’t particularly care for (swipe vertically to open your app list), a Bixby menu on the left-most homescreen that can fortunately be disabled, a persistent local search bar at the top of the app drawer, the now-standard device maintenance menu (to optimise battery life, free up RAM/storage etc) and a settings menu overhaul, among other things. In terms of preinstalled goodies/bloatware, the Galaxy S8 fares a wee bit worse than the S7. There’s the usual suite of Microsoft apps, Samsung Health, the Galaxy Apps store, Samsung Gear (why not make this an optional download?), the Samsung internet browser (a rather capable app), a Samsung Members app (for diagnostics, help etc), a Samsung Notes app, a Secure Folder app (why not add this functionality to the file explorer?) and of course, Bixby. To put it bluntly, Bixby is Samsung’s take on Google Now/Assistant and, at its best, the card-based aspect seems like a less capable version of Google Now. At its worst, Bixby is an unfinished product, due to the lack of voice commands at launch. And the voice aspect was a heavily hyped feature, with Samsung saying it represents a true natural language interface. TouchWiz on the Galaxy S8 looks and feels great, but that doesn’t mean Samsung got rid of bloatware Meanwhile, the Bixby Vision feature is another element that could do with some polish. No Bixby, that box of crackers isn’t toothpaste. Although I have to say that the Translate feature seems solid enough, using Google’s backbone to get things done. Now, if only it delivered offline support too… The biggest issue with Bixby is the fact that Samsung has delivered a physical button devoted to the feature. A feature that isn’t quite ready yet. This wouldn’t be as big of a deal if the company just let people customise the button. But no, the firm is strong-arming people into opening Bixby, even if it is an accidental launch. Probably so they can say “look, people are opening our app” at the Note 8 launch… There are indeed apps that let you remap the button (I’m using Bixby Remapper), but it’s not an ideal solution and Samsung has been clamping down. Here’s hoping they change course and introduce a native remapping option. When it comes to software, the Galaxy S8 is more proof that Samsung wants you to use its services rather than Google’s. That’s not to say that it’s reached the dizzy heights of Meizu and LeEco though. We still have a fast phone and a very pleasant user interface, while the menu when holding down on an app is a nice touch. But this is about as far as Samsung should go for its next release, before we have a repeat of the Galaxy S4. Is the camera any good? Does a bear poop in the woods? A post shared by Hadlee Simons (@brophylactic) on May 28, 2017 at 3:38am PDT The Galaxy S7 delivered a sensibly sized 12MP camera with a large f/1.7 aperture for improved low-light performance. And the results were fantastic, featuring Samsung’s trademark sharpness and saturated (but not overly so) colours. Night-time snaps were also a step ahead of the competition in many ways, sucking in more light than rivals. The Galaxy S8 has the same camera sensor, which means that you should reasonably expect quality snaps again. But, much like Google, Samsung has sought to differentiate itself by using software smarts to improve the camera experience, in the form of multi-frame image processing. Samsung’s technique sees a few images being combined for each shot taken, in order to reduce blur and improve low-light performance. Does it actually make a massive difference? I’m not sure, as I’d need a Galaxy S7 to do a side-by-side comparison. But the phone is still spitting out some great shots, with well-defined edges, accurate (if a tad saturated) colours and low levels of noise. Night time situations also see some great results and, when I took the S8 and P10 Plus to a live gig, the Samsung phone would often have less blur and seemed to have less noise. Is that due to the software smarts, better OIS or what? I don’t know, but it was clear that Samsung had a distinct advantage in that department. The Samsung Galaxy S8 takes some fantastic photos, but so did its predecessor Speaking of the competition, it’s clear that the 2017 crop of high-end phones are as close as ever when it comes to photo quality. You can see this in our G6/P10 Plus/Galaxy S8 camera comparison, where the difference mainly boils down to white balance and colour preference (although noise is a factor too). The difference also comes down to things like autofocus, with the phone being extremely quick on the draw due to a tweaked autofocus system. I haven’t really had any occasions where the phone failed to focus, save for those times when I got a little too close to a subject. Read more: Samsung Galaxy S8 – check these photo samples There were a few oddities though, like stubborn lens flares when taking outdoor snaps or a ghosted hand in one of our shots. To be fair, the former sometimes can’t be helped, but the latter was definitely a weird result. As for actual features, we’ve got the usual auto, pro, panorama, food, selective focus and virtual shot modes. The pro mode gets the job done well enough too, although the lack of LG-style focus peaking is a little disappointing. Nevertheless, Samsung still manages to stay level with Apple when it comes to fire and forget photography. No need for endless tweaking, no need for half a dozen shots — one or two will get the job done. One for video enthusiasts? We really enjoyed the Galaxy S7 video experience, delivering great quality recordings in 4K, 240fps slow-motion and 1080p/60fps flavours. The same great quality is on show here too, but those rumours of 1000fps video are unfounded. We went one step further with the Galaxy S8, taking the phone to a live gig. The result? You’ve got clips that are well-lit and feature less noise than many rival devices. It’s also worth noting that the phone has an AOP microphone for audio recording and, as the clip demonstrates, it’s capable of capturing good quality, distortion-free sound for the most part. My only qualm is that the company could’ve slapped on another AOP microphone for “richer” sound and HTC-style recording features (surround sound etc). Otherwise, the phone makes for a great buy if you value video quality above all else. And your shaky concert footage will actually sound decent. Will that 3000mAh battery last? The Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S8 share the same 3000mAh battery capacity, which is pretty much the baseline for a flagship smartphone these days. In fact, LG’s battery is slightly bigger (3300mAh) while Huawei’s P10 also edges out Samsung’s offering (3200mAh). In any event, I never found myself having to charge before leaving the newsroom on a typical day. My usual day of usage saw me chatting extensively on WhatsApp, listening to some tracks via Google Play Music and accessing email, often having 40% or more juice still left. Attending a conference is one of the more strenuous workouts for a phone, as I live-tweet, browse the web and generally punish the modem and screen. At the recent BotCon Africa event, I was live-tweeting pretty much 70% of the time, from about 10am to 4pm. The result was that the phone dipped below the 30% mark at about 2pm or so, subsequently plugging it into the power bank. A pretty good workout, but a solid showing from the phone. Still, I’d expect the likes of the Mate 9 (review) and other much larger phones to last a few hours longer. I did find however, that running benchmarks on the phone (two Antutu tests and GFX Bench) knocked double digits off the phone’s battery life. And you can expect streaming video to do similar damage. What about normal video playback? We put the phone through our usual video playback test, running a 20 second 1080p/60fps video on loop. We use MX Player, while enabling mobile data/WiFi and turning the brightness up to 100%. The result? It hit the 10% mark after eight hours and a few minutes, handily beating our five to six hour average. So that means you should be able to watch three movies on the plane, turning down the brightness and disabling connectivity to add a few hours. Still, if you’re worried about lasting for a day, the Galaxy S8 won’t let you down. In fact, if you forget to charge the night before, you should have enough juice for the morning. So it’s pretty much on par with the other flagships this year. The biometrics are a step backward and forward The elephant in the room really, is Samsung’s poorly placed, tiny fingerprint scanner. You’ll press the camera more times than you’d care to admit — and don’t get me started on the phone imploring me to cover the scanner with my entire finger. It works fine when you eventually get the hang of it, but yeah, the Galaxy S7’s scanner puts Samsung’s current flagship to shame. Although I still think the P9 has the best scanner on the market, owing to my preference for rear-mounted scanners. Then there’s the iris scanner, being much faster than my Lumia 950. The phone only takes a second or so to unlock, in a best case scenario. Unfortunately, much like Microsoft’s effort, it seldom works in direct sunlight, so you’ll need to use the fingerprint scanner or PIN code instead (or go to a shady spot). It works well in the dark though, owing to the use of infrared light to scan your iris. There are two other notable issues I have with Samsung’s iris scanner though. Firstly, why do I have to hit the power button and then swipe up to activate the scanner? A power button press like the 950 should automatically activate the scanner. This is even more apparent when the afterthought of a fingerprint scanner only requires a touch — no power button needed. [Update: we somehow missed that there was an option to enable iris scanning without a screen swipe. We’ve tweaked the score to reflect this.] The second iris-related issue (and one covered extensively here) is that you can’t improve your scanning profile like the aforementioned Microsoft phone. That means you can’t scan your iris with and without spectacles, for instance, or in a lighting situation that proves troublesome. Nevertheless, Samsung still lets you log into websites and the like via your biometrics, being very convenient. And the preinstalled Secure Folder utility means you can securely stash away your apps, photos and other files. Otherwise, Samsung has pulled a Huawei and delivered the ability to activate the dropdown menu with a fingerprint scanner swipe. So… should you get it? The Galaxy S8 is a less impressive leap from the Galaxy S7 than the LG G6 was from the G5. Then again, Samsung had already achieved greatness with the 2016 phone, while LG… well… hadn’t. Does the Galaxy S8 represent a big upgrade over the S7? Is it a skin-deep change only? Or is it a step back even? Well, the truth is that it’s a little bit of all three in many ways. We’ve got a solid but not great iris scanner, that gorgeous screen and a slick but “please-don’t-let-me-drop-it-for-the-love-of-all-that-is-holy” hardware design. Then there are the changes that are barely felt. Yes, the camera is excellent, but so was last year’s model. Sure, the phone is extremely nippy, but the S7 was a smooth operator too. Finally, we’ve got the departments that feel like a step back. There’s the tiny fingerprint scanner in a weird location. We’ve also got the return of an extra physical button — a good idea, but bad when Samsung forcibly ties it to Bixby. Speaking of Bixby, we’ve also got the return of software that duplicates Google functionality (Assistant/Now) for the sake of it. And it’s still not finished yet, lacking voice commands. Verdict: The Samsung Galaxy S8 packs a slick (water-resistant) design, snappy camera, brisk performance and a battery that punches slightly above its capacity. But if you’ve got a Galaxy S7 or S7 Edge, you actually have an equal or even better phone in many ways. Got an S6 or S6 Edge? Then you’re in for a treat. Score: 8.6 out of 10 Disclosure: Samsung allowed us to keep our Galaxy S8 review units, as well as a wireless charging pad.  Author Bio Terrible puns make Hadlee Simons difficult to work with, but he brings over seven years of tech journalism experience to the table. When he's not at work or watching motorsport, he's in the foetal position on a jiu jitsu mat. More RELATED Outlast 2 review diary: part one Flatout 4 Total Insanity review: coasting on fumes? LG G6 review: what’s the G5 anyway? Gallery Camera comparison: Huawei P10 Plus vs LG G6 vs Samsung Galaxy S8 Camera comparison: Lumia 950 vs Sony Xperia XZ rAge 2016: 31 photographs from this year’s expo ULED arrives: Hisense brings new TV tech to South Africa Uncharted 4: A Thief’s End looks simply stunning on the PlayStation 4 15 glamour shots of AG Mobile and Cassper Nyovest’s AG#HASHTAG [Gallery] Check out more picture galleries... The Gearburn Podcast Popular Latest | June 2, 2017 Update: PS4 gets performance buff, new icons with version 4.70 firmware | June 2, 2017 Camera comparison: Huawei P10 Plus vs LG G6 vs Samsung Galaxy S8 | June 2, 2017 Exclusive: Sony Xperia XZ Premium to hit SA in July, price in tow [Update] | June 2, 2017 Huawei P8 Lite 2017, P10 Lite, more to hit SA | June 2, 2017 New Nokia 3310 now available in SA, but is it worth the price? | June 2, 2017 Huawei P10, P10 Plus launch in South Africa | June 2, 2017 Samsung Galaxy S8 launches in SA tomorrow, what do critics say? Hadlee Simons | June 2, 2017 WeFix to open first DJI store in South Africa Hadlee Simons | June 1, 2017 Moto Z2 Play now official, new Moto Mods in tow Staff Reporter | June 1, 2017 The Gearburn Podcast #13: should you get the Galaxy S8? Burn Media Newsletter JobsBurn [ Post a job | More jobs ] Services Jobs Start-ups: Submit news Feeds RSS Email Twitter Facebook About us Gearburn is obsessed with shiny gadgets that make our lives easier and better. More about us here Copyright © Gearburn. All rights reserved. No article may be published or reproduced without prior written permission from Memeburn. More in Reviews Outlast 2 review diary: part one Read More »
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars AI AI Weekly: Siri, please meet Alexa and Google Assistant Blaise Zerega@BeeZee June 1, 2017 8:53 PM What a difference a year makes. The headlines this week could have been pulled from last spring: intelligent assistants, voice interfaces, and devices. But in 2017, different flavors of machine learning underpin all of them. Hello, Google Assistant. Hello, Alexa. Please meet Siri. Yes, Apple has finally begun extending Siri to a new line of smart speakers. While the devices may not be available until later this year, Apple watchers are hoping to learn how they work with Apple’s other products and services at the upcoming WWDC event. Meanwhile, here at AI Weekly, we’re watching to see just how smart Siri can become. At the same time, interoperability is improving. You can now use Amazon Alexa to add appointments to your Apple iCloud calendar. This rounds out Alexa’s access to G Suite, Outlook and Office 365 calendars. While less lofty than pondering machine learning, we’re keen to see whether such cross-platform uses spark entirely new services. Recombinant DNA, anyone? What a difference a year and artificial intelligence makes. For AI coverage, send news tips to Blair Hanley Frank and Khari Johnson, and guest post submissions to John Brandon. To receive this information in your inbox every Thursday morning, subscribe to AI Weekly — and be sure to bookmark our AI Channel. Thanks for reading, Blaise Zerega Editor in Chief P.S. Please enjoy this video featuring scientist and philosopher Grady Booch, “Don’t fear superintelligent AI” From the AI Channel Is Andy Rubin’s Amazon Echo competitor doomed to fail? What if you didn’t have to fiddle with gadgets all day? That’s the promise of ambient computing, a combination of AI and sensing technology in the future home and beyond. Imagine this scenario. You’re out with friends and you notice the weather has turned hot and sunny. That’s not a good thing for your new […] Read the full story   Nest Cam IQ uses Google AI to make the smart home a bit smarter ANALYSIS: The promise of the smart home has been disappointingly slow to fulfill. But Nest Labs is hoping to make homes a little smarter with its new indoor security camera, the Nest Cam IQ. The $299 device will feature a 4K camera and deploy some of the artificial intelligence technology Google has been developing in recent years. […] Read the full story   Nvidia releases a recipe to make GPU computing ubiquitous in data centers Nvidia wants its graphics processing units (GPUs) to handle the artificial intelligence computing and other heavy-duty parallel processing tasks in giant data centers. To that end, the company is launching a program that makes it easy for its big manufacturing partners to package its GPUs in AIsupercomputers. Nvidia HGX is a kind of starter […] Read the full story   Google’s AlphaGo AI retires after dominating humanity’s best players AlphaGo, the A.I. that has consistently defeated the world’s greatest human Go players over the last two years, is retiring from the game. The robo-grandmaster will go out on top, after defeating China’s Ke Jie, the world’s top-ranked player. The team behind AlphaGo, part of Google’s DeepMind unit, say they still plan to publish an […] Read the full story   Tech giants acquired 34 AI startups in Q1 2017 A total of 34 artificial intelligence startups were acquired in the first quarter of this year, more than twice the amount of activity in the year-ago quarter, according to the research firm CB Insights. Tech giants seeking to reinforce their leads in artificial intelligence or make up for lost ground have been the […] Read the full story   Google reportedly launched an AI investment program Google has reportedly launched a new program to support promising AI ventures. The initiative will provide services ranging from mentorship to workspace, according to Axios. The most promising startups or projects may receive co-investments from the new initiative and Google Ventures ranging from $1 million to $10 million. A Google spokesperson declined to comment. The new initiative could have something to […] Read the full story Beyond VB Is China Outsmarting America in A.I.? Sören Schwertfeger finished his postdoctorate research on autonomous robots in Germany, and seemed set to go to Europe or the United States, where artificial intelligence was pioneered and established. Instead, he went to China. (via The New York Times) Read the full story   How Harley-Davidson Used Artificial Intelligence to Increase New York Sales Leads by 2,930% It was winter in New York City and Asaf Jacobi’s Harley-Davidson dealership was selling one or two motorcycles a week. It wasn’t enough. Jacobi went for a long walk in Riverside Park and happened to bump into Or Shani, CEO of an AI firm, Adgorithms. After discussing Jacobi’s sales woes, Shani, suggested he try out Albert, Adgorithm’s AI-driven marketing platform. It works across digital channels, like Facebook and Google, to measure, and then autonomously optimize, the outcomes of marketing campaigns. Jacobi decided he’d give Albert a one-weekend audition. (via Harvard Business Review) Read the full story   How AI Can Keep Accelerating After Moore’s Law Google CEO Sundar Pichai was obviously excited when he spoke to developers about a blockbuster result from his machine-learning lab earlier this month. Researchers had figured out how to automate some of the work of crafting machine-learning software, something that could make it much easier to deploy the technology in new situations and industries. (via MIT Tech Review) Read the full story   Exclusive: Google launches AI investment platform Google has launched a new venture capital program focused on artificial intelligence, Axios has learned from multiple sources. (via Axios) Read the full story Subscribe to AI Weekly  and receive this newsletter every Thursday VB Recommendations AI Weekly: Siri, please meet Alexa and Google Assistant Google confirms Chrome ad blocker coming ‘in early 2018’ AR/VR Weekly: Buying stuff in VR without facing … reality
Friday 2nd June, 2017 Menu Home International News South Korea News Business News Weather Network Volume No. 15/153 North Korea’s tablet mimics Apple, calls itself ‘iPad’ and is rated ‘pretty impressive’ North Korea Times - Friday 2nd June, 2017 The Ryonghung iPad is featured in the latest edition of its Foreign Trade Magazine The gadget’s specs include a quad-core 1.2 GHz CPU, a measly 1GB of RAM It has an 8BG hard disk and only 40 apps but can diagnose up to 1,200 ailments and offer remedies PYONGYANG, North Korea - North Korea reiterated its love for Apple products on Thursday, when it releases its own version of Apple’s iPad. They love Steve Jobs’ creation so much that Pyongyang ruled out changing the name of the device too - calling it, iPad.  While Apple chief executive Tim Cook might not have too much to worry about - given the gadget’s specs are not that great - it does have one feature that gives it an advantage over its Californian rival.  The tablet, Ryonghung iPad was featured in the latest edition of its Foreign Trade Magazine. According to the description, the gadget’s specs include a quad-core 1.2 GHz CPU, a measly 1GB of RAM with an 8BG hard disk and only 40 apps. iPad models go up to 4GB memory and 256GB storage space, and are fitted with Apple’s 1.85 GHz processor. The North Korean iPad can, however, “diagnose up to 1,200 ailments and offer remedies” but comes with no internet connection.  The device, manufactured by Myohyang IT company, that reportedly has been around for years, was just been rebranded the IPad recently and claims to be “popular among customers.”  The adverts also shows SD cards and programmes including a calculator app, a health encyclopaedia, a medical app called “Good Doctor 3.0” and a farming game present on the tablet. Earlier in 2014, North Korean officials created an operating system which looked suspiciously similar to Apple’s Mac OS X software and was called the Red Star OS. It was devised by the Pyongyang-based Korea Computer Center (KCC) and is used to manage the regime’s official website as well as a state-approved search engine. While the system looks like MAC software, it is said to be based on Linux. Last year, an accident let outsiders access to the nation’s private internet and it was discovered that the nation’s Internet had 28 only websites. Share article: Watch latest videos Subscribe and Follow Get a daily dose of North Korea Times news through our daily email, its complimentary and keeps you fully up to date with world and business news as well. Subscribe Now News RELEASES Publish news of your business, community or sports group, personnel appointments, major event and more by submitting a news release to North Korea Times.More Information International News Section {{item.TITLE}} {{item.DESC | limitTo:100}} Business News Section {{item.TITLE}} {{item.DESC | limitTo:100}} Movie Review -By James Kendrick The jungle book 2016 Jon Favreau’s The Jungle Book is being described as a live-action updating of Disney’s 1967 classic animated film, and that description is both testament to how well the film works and how thoroughly blurred the divide between the “real” and the computer-generated has become...Read More Featured story Steel PSUs should tighten their belts: Birender Singh New Delhi [India] June 2 (ANI): Union Steel Minister Chaudhary Birender Singh on Thursday said that the Public Sector Undertaking (PSU) steel manufacturing companies should tighten their belts to rema ...Read More About us Contact us News Releases Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Archives Sitemap Weather Network (c) Copyright 2017 North Korea Times. All rights reserved.
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Menu Home News Mobiles Reviews How to Features Top 10 Mobiles Gadget Finder Menu Tip Us!FacebookTwittergplusYoutube News Mobile Tablet Laptop Computer Gear Camera Reviews How To Features Gadget Finder Photos Videos English हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી Home  |  Mobile  |  Features  | Things to expect from Apple's developer conference WWDC 2017 Things to expect from Apple's developer conference WWDC 2017 Published: Friday, June 2, 2017, 9:02 [IST] WWDC 2017, is just around the corner, so does the launch of iOS 11, Watch OS 4 and much more. As usual, Apple has scheduled its WWDC 2017 on June 5 to showcase software, software updates, and other technologies. Where? For the uninitiated, the WWDC 2017 will be held in San Jose from June 5 to 9 June at the McEnery Convention Center. Below are the list of things we might see when WWDC 2017 kicks off. Stay tuned to GizBot for more updates! New Macbooks As per the rumors, Apple will be launching three MacBook models at the event -- MacBook Pro, MacBook Air, and 12-inch MacBook. While there won't be many changes in the design or build, we expect some specification bump. Siri Speaker In order to counter Google Home and Amazon Echo, Apple is said to be working on a speaker implementing its own voice assistant Siri. This speaker is said to have touch screen panel and a camera as well to recognize the users. SEE ALSO: Features to expect in the Apple's iPhone 8 iOS 11 In this WWDC, Apple will be launching its next iteration of iOS purportedly called as iOS 11. In this version, there will be lots of upgrades on Siri, Apple Pay, FaceTime audio calls, Apple Clips and more. Watch OS 4 Apple launched Watch OS 3 last year and this time Apple working developing new apps for the Apple Watch, including one that tracks your sleep. This app is expected to be supported by all the Apple Watches as well. Stay tuned to GizBot for more updates! Apple iPhone 8 81,600(Expected Price) Specs Competitors Images +8 Read More About wwdc | apple | iPhone | macbook | news | iOS Other articles published on Jun 2, 2017 Please Wait while comments are loading... Intel Core i9-7900X clocked at 5.7 GHz: Creates new world record Yu Yureka Black launched at Rs. 8,999; exclusive to Flipkart Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) spotted on TENAA with Android 7.0 Featured Posts Opinion Poll 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers GET OUR TOP TECH STORIES DELIVERED TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Do not Disturb Gizbot in Other Languages বাংলা ગુજરાતી हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు Explore Gizbot News Gear Tablet Laptop Mobile Gadgets Features How-To Computer Gadget Finder Other Greynium Sites Oneindia Filmibeat Boldsky Drivespark Goodreturns Native Planet Careerindia Clickin Download Oneindia App Google Play App Store Follow Gizbot Daily Updates Get Gizbot Alerts Get Push Notifications About Us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Newsletters | Apps | RSS | Advertise with Us | Work for Us | Contact Us | Site Feedback | Sitemap © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Reviews Reviews Camera Reviews GoPro Karma Drone: Australian Hands On GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark II: Australian Review Impossible Project I-1 Polaroid Camera: The Gizmodo Review Car Reviews The Porsche Macan GTS Is The Ultimate City Survival Vehicle The 2017 Honda Civic Si Is The Kind Of Fun That Won't Ruin Your Life 2017 Ford Focus ST: The Jalopnik Review This Motorcycle Sold Me On Electric Dirt Bikes Phone Reviews HTC U11: Australian Review Huawei P10: Australian Review Samsung DeX: The Gizmodo Review BlackBerry KeyOne: The Gizmodo Review PC Reviews Acer Predator 21X: The Gizmodo Review Microsoft Surface Studio: Australian Review Synology RT2600ac: Australian Review Oree's Essential Keyboard Is A Beautiful, Expensive Wooden Treasure Smartwatch Reviews Fitbit Alta HR: Australian Review Fitbit Alta HR: The Gizmodo Review Huawei Fit: The Gizmodo Review Apple Watch Nike+: Australian Review Gadgets Reviews B&O BeoPlay P2: Australian Review Sphero Ultimate Lightning McQueen: The Gizmodo Review Hulu Live TV Is The Best Streaming TV Service Yet, But It Needs Some Work UrbanEars Should Stick To Headphones, Because Its Wi-Fi Speakers Are Garbage Gaming Reviews Allcade 64-Bit Retro Console: The Gizmodo Review The Nintendo Switch: Australian Impressions Noblechairs' Gaming Chair Is For Firm Butts And Deep Pockets The Astro A50s Are Good Headphones With A Great Wireless Station Entertainment Reviews The Wonder Woman Movie Is Even Better Than You Hoped It Would Be The American Gods TV Series Fixes One Of The Book's Biggest Problems John Wick: Chapter 2: The Gizmodo Review A Kid In King Arthur's Court Is The Dumbest Arthurian Legend Ever Told B&O BeoPlay P2: Australian Review Acer Predator 21X: The Gizmodo Review The Porsche Macan GTS Is The Ultimate City Survival Vehicle Samsung Galaxy Book: The Gizmodo Review Smart Home & Gadgets Australians On Virtual Reality Shopping: 'Bring It On' Garmin Approach S60 Golf Watch: Australian Price And Release Date This Animated Fidget Spinner Brings Super Mario To Life How Have I Lived My Whole Life Without An Extra Pair Of Robot Arms? Mobile $70 Billion Has Been Earned On The App Store Since Launch The BlackBerry KeyOne Will Hit Australia Next Month The Best Keyboard Apps For iPad And iPhone Intelligence Officials Disturbed By Trump's Attempts To Get World Leaders To Call His Personal Mobile Phone Car Tech Why You Should Give Your Car A Shitty Paint Job This Is The Coolest Road You've Never Heard Of 'The Great Eight Phantoms' Is A London Exhibition Of Rolls-Royce Magnificence There's A DeLorean Up For Auction In Tasmania Online Facebook Really Wants You To Say "Hello" To Your Friends Wollongong Is Getting 1Gbps Internet Plans For $130 A Month Tesla Fires Female Engineer Who Alleged Sexual Harassment And Wage Discrimination Trello Scrambles To Rescue Users Who Foolishly Used Its Service To Store Passwords Science & Health This Robotic Exosuit Could Turn You Into A Super Athlete This Cyborg Dragonfly Is The Tiniest Drone Collapse Of Enormous Antarctic Ice Shelf Imminent Here's What That 'Faceless Fish' Actually Is Cameras Lunch Time Deals: Save $350 On FujiFilm X Series Cameras And XF Lenses Sticking A Camera Under A Faucet Feels Like Hurtling Down A Hypnotic Water Tunnel Unf, These New Images Of Our Seafloor Are Gorgeous This Photographer Shoots 370km/h Formula One Cars On A Camera From 1913 Computing Corsair Wants To Light Up Your Life Deals: Learn To Program For Over 90% Off Eyes On With Asus's Insane New Ultra-Wide Gaming Monitor Monitors With Everything Are Coming Gaming Of Course the New Star Trek RPG Comes In A Borg Cube Box It's Way Past Time For Wonder Woman To Headline Her Own Video Game Monitors With Everything Are Coming Twitch Is Playing The Stock Market With Real Money Entertainment Make Your Game Of Thrones Knowledge Even More Pretentious With This Harvard Course Chloe Grace Moretz Apologises For Her New Animated Movie's Terrible, Body-Shaming Ad Patty Jenkins Wanted Thor 2 To Be A Love Story Influenced By Romeo And Juliet  What Did Five Woody Woodpecker Dolls Do To Upset David Lynch? Toggle navigation Reviews Camera Reviews Car Reviews Phone Reviews PC Reviews Smartwatch Reviews Gadgets Reviews Gaming Reviews Entertainment Reviews Smart Home & Gadgets Mobile Car Tech Online Science & Health Cameras Computing Gaming Entertainment B&O BeoPlay P2: Australian Review Deals: Here, Have A VPN For 90% Off Lunch Time Deals: Save $350 On FujiFilm X Series Cameras And XF Lenses Garmin Approach S60 Golf Watch: Australian Price And Release Date $70 Billion Has Been Earned On The App Store Since Launch Rae Johnston Jun 2, 2017, 1:15pm ⋅ Filed to:  app stpore apple Australian Stories Pokemon Go Share Image: iStock Apple released some figures last night that showed the global app store developer community has earned over $70 billion since it launched in 2008. And there's no sign of slowing down: in the past 12 months alone, downloads have grown over 70 per cent, says Apple. The top grossing categories? Gaming and Entertainment, of course. "People everywhere love apps and our customers are downloading them in record numbers," said Philip Schiller, Apple's senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. "Seventy billion dollars earned by developers is simply mind-blowing. We are amazed at all of the great new apps our developers create and can't wait to see them again next week at our Worldwide Developers Conference." Subscriptions are another big reason for growth. Since the subscription business model was made available to developers across all 25 app categories, the App Store's active paid subscriptions are up 58 per cent year over year. We're talking apps like Netflix as well as photo editing apps like Over and Enlight. Gaming and Entertainment are the top-grossing categories, and Lifestyle apps, as well as Health and Fitness, have experienced over 70 per cent growth in the past year. The Photo and Video category is also among the fastest-growing at nearly 90 per cent growth. WATCH MORE: Tech News Comments darren @darren Jun 2, 2017, 1:37pm Wait, you can sign up to Netflix via the app and give Apple a cut of the subscription???? I don't think that is even an option on Android. I'm surprised they let Apple take a huge cut of their money. Reply 0 darren @darren Jun 2, 2017, 1:40pm Hmm looks like that is indeed correct. Seems they got a good deal, paying half the rate. Reply 0 zak @zak Jun 2, 2017, 3:15pm That's a lot of money. Almost makes you wish they paid tax. Reply 0 greenlego @greenlego Jun 2, 2017, 4:15pm Do you have a source (link) for this information? app store developer community has earned over $70 billion Is that before or after Apple took their cut? Apple takes a 30% cut, so I wanted to know if Apple made $21b or $30b. Reply 0 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now What Australian Scientists Say About Trump's Paris Climate Deal Decision Rae Johnston 02 Jun 2017 8:15 AM Before the news of Donald Trump's decision to exit the Paris Climate agreement broke, we heard the opinions of several leading experts in climate science about what exactly it would mean if the US pulled out of the global deal. Here's what they had to say. The Climate Deniers Have Won Sidney Fussell 02 Jun 2017 6:00 AM At President Trumps' behest, the US is joining Syria and Nicaragua in abdicating from the Paris Agreement, a coalition of 147 nations to combat climate change by reducing carbon emissions. While Trump faced heavy international pressure to remain within the agreement, from the Pope during his trip to the Vatican, China's President Xi and European leaders during the G7 summit, the GOP overwhelmingly opposed Paris from the get-go. EPA head Scott Pruitt has long argued that the United States' emissions reduction goal under Paris weakened the US economy. Want Gizmodo's email newsletter? Subscribe Alert me about competitions & deals Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Here, Have A VPN For 90% Off Deals: Learn To Program For Over 90% Off Deals: Pay What You Want To Learn App Development Deals: Learn To Build Your Own Android Apps Trending Articles 1 What Australian Scientists Say About Trump's Paris Climate Deal Decision 2 The Climate Deniers Have Won 3 This Is The Coolest Road You've Never Heard Of This Robotic Exosuit Could Turn You Into A Super Athlete Why You Should Give Your Car A Shitty Paint Job Of Course the New Star Trek RPG Comes In A Borg Cube Box This Is The Coolest Road You've Never Heard Of Battlegrounds Player Pretends To Be An Army Man, Crushes It Overwatch's Match Rating System Only Showed That Players Like Winning, Hate Losing A Nostalgic Game That Spills Out Into Your Internet Browser Eyes On With Acer And ASUS's 35-Inch 200Hz Mammoth Monitors Find The Perfect Soundtrack For Any Book In Defence Of Grammar Pedantry How To Take The Best Bath Possible Retailers Are Already Feeling The Amazon Pinch Arsene Wenger stuns football industry with world-record transfer bid for a French teenager 10 things in tech you need to know today AUSTRALIAN STOCKS RALLY: Here's what you need to know TV news broadcasters have ditched general election polls as a 'total waste of time' © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Gizmodo International × Log in to Gizmodo Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Gizmodo User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Gizmodo International Gizmodo US Gizmodo UK Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Brazil Gizmodo Japan Close
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट News & Analysis Reviews WWDC Startup Gaming Auto News Videos #Oppo Firstpost Shareworthy Watch: NDTV's Nidhi Razdan's lessons on being professional when accused by BJP's Sambit Patra of having an 'agenda' California's Ananya Vinay wins 2017 US Scripps National Spelling Bee, takes home $40,000 Emmanuel Macron to Elon Musk: How the world reacted to Donald Trump's withdrawal from Paris Climate Accord Uttarakhand CM's message to people to combat migration: Post selfies with your kids in villages Vladimir Putin praises Donald Trump, calls him a 'simple, direct' kind of person, the kind he likes the most more from #Apple New renders showcase upcoming Apple iPhone 8 alongside Samsung Galaxy S8 smartphones WWDC 2017: 40 percent increase in the income of Apple's app developers Apple has shelled out more than $70 billion to app developers since launching the App Store in 2008 Top Reviews 3T (128GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 34,999 F3 Plus Editor rating : 8 Price: 30,990 Redmi Note 4 (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 12,999 GT73VR 7RF Titan Pro Editor rating : 8 Price: 336,000 V5 Plus (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 8 Price: 27,980 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Apple has shelled out more than $70 billion to app developers since launching the App Store in 2008   02 Jun 2017 , 08:52 #Apple Image: Reuters Apple has said it has paid out more than $70 billion to app developers since opening its App Store in 2008, and that the ecosystem is still growing. “People everywhere love apps and our customers are downloading them in record numbers,” said Philip Schiller, Apple’s senior vice president of marketing, in a statement ahead of next week’s annual developer conference by the iPhone maker. “Seventy billion dollars earned by developers is simply mind-blowing. We are amazed at all of the great new apps our developers create and can’t wait to see them again next week at our Worldwide Developers Conference.” Apple said downloads have grown over 70 percent over the past 12 months, fueled by hit games like Pokemon Go and Super Mario Run. Apple, which faces a growing challenge in the mobile space from the dominant Google Android system, has been tweaking its business model as part of an effort to keep developers in its ecosystem. In addition to payment for downloads, Apple allows developers to use a subscription model across all 25 app categories. The company said active paid subscriptions are up 58 percent year over year. “Customers are enjoying subscriptions across a wide variety of services including longtime favorites such as Netflix and Hulu, as well as newcomers like Tastemade, the modern, mobile-first cooking network, and photo editing apps like Over and Enlight,” an Apple statement said. Apple has more than two million paid and free apps for the iPhone, iPad and other devices. AFP Publish date: June 2, 2017 8:52 am| Modified date: June 2, 2017 8:52 am Tags: App Store, Apple, Google Android, iPhone, Pokémon Go, Super Mario Run, Worldwide Developers Conference Also read Snapchat is the top searched app on iOS App Store Apple App store is next in line, as Chinese authorities ban live-streaming websites X Recommended For You New renders showcase upcoming Apple iPhone 8 alongside Samsung Galaxy S8 smartphones WWDC 2017: 40 percent increase in the income of Apple’s app developers WWDC 2017: Siri speaker gets confirmed, but its appeal may be limited Apple still in talks with Indian government over manufacturing, confirms IT minister Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 6 / 10 Acer TravelMate P449 review: A sensible, understated design marred by a poor display unit Rating : 8 / 10 MSI GT73VR 7RF gaming laptop review: Ludicrous performance at a ludicrous price Rating : 8 / 10 Asus ROG Strix GL553VE laptop review: A well-designed powerhouse Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range #Dark Web Jun 2, 2017 What exactly is the mysterious dark web and how it is different from the deep web #Samsung Jun 2, 2017 Samsung Galaxy S8 Pirates of the Caribbean special edition launched; rumored Pink edition leaked #Partnered May 15, 2017 Selfie experience just gone better with OPPO’s new F3 smartphones #Fitbit Jun 2, 2017 Fitbit validates its accuracy of tracking sleep stages, study shows women sleep longer than men #Essential Jun 2, 2017 Patent filed by Andy Rubin’s Essential puts a Google Glass heir on the cards #Yu Televentures Jun 2, 2017 Yu Yureka Black first impressions: Yu Televentures returns with a potentially strong budget handset SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) review: A well-built phone that lives or dies by Samsung Pay Rating : 6.5 / 10 Vivo Y66 smartphone review: An uninspiring device that packs a decent camera Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट News & Analysis Reviews WWDC Startup Gaming Auto News Videos #Oppo Firstpost Shareworthy Watch: NDTV's Nidhi Razdan's lessons on being professional when accused by BJP's Sambit Patra of having an 'agenda' California's Ananya Vinay wins 2017 US Scripps National Spelling Bee, takes home $40,000 Emmanuel Macron to Elon Musk: How the world reacted to Donald Trump's withdrawal from Paris Climate Accord Uttarakhand CM's message to people to combat migration: Post selfies with your kids in villages Vladimir Putin praises Donald Trump, calls him a 'simple, direct' kind of person, the kind he likes the most more from #Apple New renders showcase upcoming Apple iPhone 8 alongside Samsung Galaxy S8 smartphones WWDC 2017: 40 percent increase in the income of Apple's app developers Apple has shelled out more than $70 billion to app developers since launching the App Store in 2008 Top Reviews 3T (128GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 34,999 F3 Plus Editor rating : 8 Price: 30,990 Redmi Note 4 (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 12,999 GT73VR 7RF Titan Pro Editor rating : 8 Price: 336,000 V5 Plus (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 8 Price: 27,980 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> WWDC 2017: 40 percent increase in the income of Apple’s app developers By IANS /  02 Jun 2017 , 09:03 #Apple The global developer community, including many from India, has earned over $70 billion since the App Store’s launch in 2008, Apple announced on Thursday. “$70 billion earned by developers is simply mind-blowing. We are amazed at all of the great new apps our developers create and can’t wait to see them again next week at our Worldwide Developers’ Conference,” said Philip Schiller, Apple’s Senior Vice President of Worldwide Marketing, in a statement. In January, Apple announced that its app developers earned over $20 billion in 2016 — up over 40 per cent from 2015 and according to sources, a sizable chunk of those app developers were from India.App developers from India are now creating amazing apps for its platform. Apple last year revealed plans for an iOS app design and development facility in Bengaluru. Across India, Apple supports over 640,000 iOS app developer jobs and other positions related to the iOS ecosystem. According to the company, since the release of iOS 10 last fall, iPhone and iPad users have also experienced new engaging and creative ways to connect. From Pokémon GO and Super Mario Run to other standout launches such as CancerAid, SPACE by THIX, Zones for Training with Exercise Intensity, Vanido, Ace Tennis and Havenly, customers discovered and experienced new apps and games every day on the App Store. The App Store developers from around the world create apps for customers in 155 countries that improve lives, rethink industries and shape culture. In the past 12 months alone, downloads from the App Store have grown over 70 per cent. Gaming and Entertainment are top-grossing categories, and Lifestyle apps, as well as Health and Fitness, have experienced over 70 per cent growth in the past year. The Photo and Video category is also among the fastest-growing at nearly 90 per cent growth.With the subscription business model now available to developers across all 25 app categories, the App Store’s active paid subscriptions are up 58 per cent year-over-year. “Customers are enjoying subscriptions across a wide variety of services including long time favourites such as Netflix and Hulu, as well as newcomers like Tastemade, the modern, mobile-first cooking network, and photo editing apps like Over and Enlight,” Apple said in a statement.  “People everywhere love apps and our customers are downloading them in record numbers,” added Schiller. Publish date: June 2, 2017 9:03 am| Modified date: June 2, 2017 9:03 am Tags: Apple, Apple Store, Apps, Business, developer, iPad, iPhone, WWDC 2017 Also read WWDC 2017: Apple’s mobile OS is in need of an overhaul, here’s what we want to see in iOS 11 Apple will start streaming ‘Carpool Karaoke’ for Apple Music subscribers from 8 August X Recommended For You New renders showcase upcoming Apple iPhone 8 alongside Samsung Galaxy S8 smartphones Apple has shelled out more than $70 billion to app developers since launching the App Store in 2008 WWDC 2017: Siri speaker gets confirmed, but its appeal may be limited Apple still in talks with Indian government over manufacturing, confirms IT minister Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 6 / 10 Acer TravelMate P449 review: A sensible, understated design marred by a poor display unit Rating : 8 / 10 MSI GT73VR 7RF gaming laptop review: Ludicrous performance at a ludicrous price Rating : 8 / 10 Asus ROG Strix GL553VE laptop review: A well-designed powerhouse Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range #Dark Web Jun 2, 2017 What exactly is the mysterious dark web and how it is different from the deep web #Samsung Jun 2, 2017 Samsung Galaxy S8 Pirates of the Caribbean special edition launched; rumored Pink edition leaked #Partnered May 15, 2017 Selfie experience just gone better with OPPO’s new F3 smartphones #Fitbit Jun 2, 2017 Fitbit validates its accuracy of tracking sleep stages, study shows women sleep longer than men #Essential Jun 2, 2017 Patent filed by Andy Rubin’s Essential puts a Google Glass heir on the cards #Yu Televentures Jun 2, 2017 Yu Yureka Black first impressions: Yu Televentures returns with a potentially strong budget handset SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) review: A well-built phone that lives or dies by Samsung Pay Rating : 6.5 / 10 Vivo Y66 smartphone review: An uninspiring device that packs a decent camera Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures newsletters crosswords Facebook Twitter environment climate change wildlife energy pollution more sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › tech home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Technology ‘Shortsighted, wrong’: Apple, Facebook among tech giants to reject Paris pullout In separate messages, the biggest companies in America express concern at Donald Trump’s Paris accord decision Paris climate agreement: world reacts as Trump pulls out of global accord World leaders reject claim deal can be renegotiated President Donald Trump heads back into the Oval Office after announcing his decision to pull the United States out of the Paris climate agreement. Photograph: Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images Technology ‘Shortsighted, wrong’: Apple, Facebook among tech giants to reject Paris pullout In separate messages, the biggest companies in America express concern at Donald Trump’s Paris accord decision Paris climate agreement: world reacts as Trump pulls out of global accord World leaders reject claim deal can be renegotiated Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Lauren Gambino in Washington @laurenegambino Thursday 1 June 2017 23.39 EDT Last modified on Thursday 1 June 2017 23.40 EDT The heads of some of the largest and most influential American technology companies expressed their “deep disappointment” at Donald Trump’s decision to withdraw the US from the Paris climate accord. President's Paris climate speech annotated: Trump's claims analysed Read more In separate statements and messages on social media, leaders of Apple, Google, Twitter, Amazon, Facebook, Tesla, Microsoft and IBM declared climate change an “urgent” threat that required a global effort to combat. “Decision to withdraw from the #ParisAgreeement was wrong for our planet,” said Apple CEO Tim Cook tweeted on Thursday. “Apple is committed to fight climate change and we will never waver.” Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey called the decision “incredibly shortsighted” and a “move backwards by the federal government”. He also retweeted several stories and statements disapproving of Trump’s move to extract the US from the Paris agreement, including a message from the new French president, Emmanuel Macron, that read: Make Our Planet Great Again. jack (@jack) This is an incredibly shortsighted move backwards by the federal government. We're all on this planet together and we need to work together. https://t.co/tLEdtG0n1o June 1, 2017 Facebook CEO Mark Zuckererg said Trump’s decision “puts our children’s future at risk”. He said the social media giant was committed to ensuring that every new data center is powered by 100% renewable energy. “Stopping climate change is something we can only do as a global community, and we have to act together before it’s too late,” Zuckerberg said in a Facebook post. Google CEO Sundar Pichai tweeted: “Disappointed with today’s decision. Google will keep working hard for a cleaner, more prosperous future for all.” Elon Musk, the CEO of Tesla and SpaceX, followed through with his promise to step down from two of Trump’s business advisory councils if the president removed the US from the global climate agreement. IBM said in a statement that the tech company “supported and still supports US participation in the Paris agreement”. IBM said, however, confirmed that its CEO, Ginni Rometty, will remain on Trump’s business advisory council. Trump just cemented his legacy as America’s worst-ever president | Dana Nuccitelli Read more “IBM believes that it is easier to lead outcomes by being at the table, as a participant in the agreement, rather than from outside it,” the statement said. Microsoft president Brad Smith said in a statement the company has been a “steadfast supporter of the Paris agreement” and was therefore “disappointed with today’s decision by the White House”. Smith said his company had worked for months to persuade Trump to remain in the Paris agreement, though ultimately that effort came up short. “We’ve sent letters to and held meeting on this topic with senior officials in the state department and the White House. And in the past month, we’ve joined with other American business leaders to take out full-page ads in the New York Times, Wall Street Journal and New York Post, urging the administration to keep the United States in the Paris agreement,” Smith said in a statement. Microsoft was part of handful of influential technology firms behind an eleventh-hour push to keep the US in the Paris climate accord ahead of his Thursday announcement in the White House rose garden. “Climate change presents both business risks and business opportunities,” read a letter signed by more than two dozen companies and published as a full-page advertisement in several US newspapers on Thursday morning. “Continued US participation in the agreement benefits US businesses and the US economy in many ways.” Topics Technology Mark Zuckerberg Jack Dorsey Donald Trump Climate change COP 21: UN climate change conference | Paris Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech selected arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed weekend video Technology › Elon Musk environment climate change wildlife energy pollution back to top become a supporter make a contribution Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us advertise with us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Here’s a gorgeous iPhone 8 concept that Apple could never make Chris Smith BGR News June 1, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share The iPhone 8 continues to be one of the hottest topics in the tech world, and today we’ve got another interesting concept to look at, one that proposes an amazing design. But sadly, it’s probably this new concept iPhone 8 features a design that Apple will likely never actually make. Don't Miss: Aerospace exec says aliens not only exist, they’re living on Earth right now Concocted by designer David Chapman as the “iPhone Pro,” this iPhone 8 device looks very much like an iPhone 7. If it were not for the all-screen design and the rear camera, you might think this is indeed an iPhone 7 variation. And that’s precisely what makes this iPhone 8 concept unlikely. Does this make you want the White-Silver model?#iPhonePro / #iPhone8 Concept pic.twitter.com/1Z7d2dKdJR — David Chapman (@DaveChap) May 31, 2017 Sure, Apple will adopt an all-screen design for the iPhone 8, and eliminate the physical home button in the process. And sure, the phone will have a vertical dual camera on the back. But what Chapman gets wrong here based on the many iPhone 8 rumors and leaks from reputable sources, is the phone’s rear design. The iPhone 8 is expected to support wireless charging, a first for Apple. That means the phone’s shell can’t be made out of metal. All reports do say the phone will feature a glass sandwich design consisting of a stainless steel chassis that houses all the internal components, sandwiched between two sheets of 2.5D glass. After seeing tons of #iPhone8 #iPhonePro mockups, I decided to make one that maintains Ive’s desire for symmetry. pic.twitter.com/oE2JiHByJt — David Chapman (@DaveChap) May 31, 2017 With metal out of the picture, those hideous antenna bands will also disappear, and they’re likely to be replaced with tiny antenna bands on the edges, similar to what Apple did with the iPhone 4 and iPhone 5 — those iPhones also had a glass sandwich design. There are other details in Chapman’s designs that do not jibe with more recent rumors. The camera flash should be placed between the two rear cameras, the power button should be slightly longer, and the front-facing camera and sensors should “protrude” into the top side of the display. At least there’s no fingerprint sensor on the back, though. As for the screen design Chapman imagines, we’re looking at a display that resembles the LG G6 and the Galaxy S8, although the top and bottom bezels appear to be even smaller. Trending right now: Aerospace exec says aliens not only exist, they’re living on Earth right now Dashcam footage of Tiger Woods’ arrest shows golfer stumbling and confused during DUI screening This is how much the safe Galaxy Note 7 might cost you See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Uber posts $708 million loss and says finance head left Yahoo Tech Microsoft's Skype draws inspiration from Snapchat in big redesign Yahoo Tech Scientists just destroyed our dreams of a real Jurassic Park BGR News Microsoft's Xbox Game Pass will end your free time forever Yahoo Tech How Washington is throwing away its shot at protecting your privacy Yahoo Tech Mark Zuckerberg: The most important thing I built at Harvard Yahoo Tech First robotic cop joins Dubai police AFP How the Microsoft Surface Pro compares to Apple's best Yahoo Tech Zuckerberg to Harvard grads: 'You have to create a sense of purpose for others' Yahoo Tech The new Samsung Galaxy does 27 things the iPhone doesn't Yahoo Tech Scientists may have found evidence of a parallel universe BGR News Why Amazon let 4,000 dogs into its Seattle headquarters Yahoo Tech The most important announcements from Google's big developers' conference Yahoo Tech A widely praised Supreme Court decision still doesn't fix the broken patent system Yahoo Tech Behold: There’s a powerful Windows 10 computer the size of a flash drive BGR News No, your Apple computer isn't immune from ransomware Yahoo Tech This RoboCop car comes with an intruder-chasing drone as a sidekick Yahoo Tech Uber inadvertently underpaid New York City drivers for over two years Yahoo Tech This creepy ‘faceless fish’ species was just discovered in the depths of the ocean BGR News How to avoid the massive WannaCry ransomware attack Yahoo Tech Pinterest now uses AI to figure out what you're eating in photos Yahoo Tech
Leadership Search Search Climate ChangeCalifornia Looks to Link Its Carbon Market With China Following U.S. Pullout of Paris Agreement PoliticsThe Environmental Protection Agency Offering Employee Buyouts in an Attempt to Cut Down Staffing Venture CapitalBiggest Venture-Backed Companies Are Worth Nearly $500 Billion Best CompaniesMicrosoft’s Xbox Console Is Getting Some News Paris Accord Tim Cook Is ‘Disappointed’ That Trump Chose to Quit the Paris Climate Accord Kevin Lui Jun 01, 2017 Apple CEO Tim Cook has expressed his disappointment with President Donald Trump over his decision to withdraw the U.S. from the 2015 Paris climate accord. Cook, along with other business leaders including Tesla CEO Elon Musk and Exxon chief Darren Woods, issued a last-minute plea to persuade Trump to remain in the climate change agreement. In a letter to Apple (aapl) employees in the wake of Trump's announcement Thursday, Cook said, "Climate change is real and we all share a responsibility to fight it," according to Bloomberg. "I want to reassure you that today’s developments will have no impact on Apple’s efforts to protect the environment," he continued. "We’re going to keep working with our suppliers to help them do more to power their businesses with clean energy." Cook's words echoed other industry leaders who have spoken out in opposition to the President's decision to leave the agreement, which aims to limit the average global temperature increase to below 2C (3.6F). Musk and Disney CEO Bob Iger both resigned from their respective roles on Trump's advisory council in protest. Decision to withdraw from the #ParisAgreeement was wrong for our planet. Apple is committed to fight climate change and we will never waver.- Tim Cook (@tim_cook) June 2, 2017 The Apple boss took to Twitter late Thursday, saying the decision to withdraw from the Paris Agreement "was wrong for our planet" and that Apple would "never waiver" from the fight against climate change. Cook, who said he phoned Trump on Tuesday asking him to stick with the deal, said his appeal "wasn't enough," according to CNN. Apple has been one of the computing sector's leaders in sustainability and renewable energy, earning an overall A grade from environmental watchdog group Greenpeace in its energy report earlier this year. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
Skip to main content Menu Order MacBook Pro | iPhone 7 | Mac Pro | Shop: Cheap Wireless Plans Forums Skip to navigation Skip to content iMore Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 6s iPhone 6s Plus MacBook Pro Apple Watch Series 2 iOS 10 macOS Sierra iPad Pro (12.9-inch) iPad Pro (9.7-inch) Apps & Games Shop HOT ACCESSORY DEAL$ Digital Offers Best sellers New releases Cases and covers Chargers and cables Battery packs Screen Protectors Toggle Search Stay with me here... Making the Mac multitouch. A bit. By Rene Ritchie Thursday, Jun 1, 2017 at 7:23 pm EDT 3 Comments Rene Ritchie has been covering the personal technology industry for almost a decade. Editorial Director at Mobile Nations, analyst at iMore, video and podcast host, you can follow him @reneritchie on Snapchat, Instagram, and Twitter. What if Apple didn't add a full touch interface to the Mac but simply added touch navigation? Unlike Microsoft, Apple had a successful touch-first operating system with iOS. Unlike Google, Apple had a successful mouse-and-keyboard-first operating system with macOS. Microsoft had no choice but to spend years in the desert — that desert being Windows 8 — to make Windows into a touch-friendly-ish operating system. Google pivoted rapidly into multitouch with Android and ChromeOS. Apple, though, had to make a choice. Mac Touch vs. iPad Type Like Windows, Apple could have spent years of engineering and design resources grafting multitouch onto macOS, churned through several awkward release cycles, and come out the other side with a version of the operating system with targets big enough to jab a finger at. Alternatively, Apple could spend those years and resources making iOS even better, more capable, and more encompassing. For years there have been rumors of MacBook and MacBook Air-style clamshells running on ARM and iOS and perhaps that was something Apple flirted with or is still flirting with. In 2015, though, Apple released iOS 9 with significant enhancements for iPad, and followed up with iPad Pro, which added a MacBook-sized screen, smart keyboard connector, and Apple Pencil. Then 2016 came and went with but a 9.7-inch variant of the Pro and a Safari-specific variant of split-view to show for itself. There are rumors — there are always rumors — that as soon as next week we might see iOS 11 with drag-and-drop and other long-requested features, as well as a new 10.5-inch version of iPad that'll truly be next generation. But it still won't and should never be a Mac. The future can't fly if it's tethered to the past. iPad can't be iPad if it's constrained by the preconceptions of Mac. So, what about the Mac? Going touch-first native Apple has thus far maintained, repeatedly, that touch isn't appropriate for the Mac. Yet almost every Windows and Chrome laptop shipping today has a touch screen and so do many desktops. What's more, the first generation of kids raised on iPad are growing up. They're not touch-immigrants like us older folks. They're touch-native. They expect screens to be like iPhones and iPads. They expect them to respond to touch. And when they don't, there's no consideration given to ergonomics or context — they simply think the screen is broken. I've never, not once, tried to touch my MacBook screen to interact with the interface. Classic trackpad-and-keyboard computing is hard-wired into my brain. I get borderline angry when my fingers have to leave my iPad Pro keyboard to hit some control I can't otherwise activate. But I'm of that generation. I've seen kids try to touch my MacBook screen plenty of times. Especially when we're watching or doing something together, all huddled around it. So, how could Apple reconcile its stated belief that touch is better on trackpads and bars than on screens for the Mac with the reality that user expectation is soon going to run 100% counter to that belief? The same thing any immovable object does when it encounters an irresistible force: yield. Multitouch vs. Multitouch gestures It's possible we'll eventually see a version of iOS running on MacBook-like hardware, or we'll see something that replaces both iOS and macOS on a wide range of hardware, the way OS X replaced the old Mac OS. And I don't think Apple should waste engineering and design resources on retrofitting a touch layer onto macOS. What I do think could work, though, is adding a control layer. I realize it's easy to write something when you're not the one who actually has to implement it, but here's the thought: Give Macs a touch screen that enables gesture navigation. Let people poke, swipe, and pinch the screen, if and when they really want to, the same way they can already on the trackpad. Flick up a page in Safari. Zoom into a map. Tap to pause or play a movie. That sort of thing. Out of touch, out of mind For those that don't want or need it, they never have to use it. Their screens remain as untouched as they do today. For those who expect it, though, it'll work as expected. Sure, they'll have to learn they can't do everything through the touch on a Mac, but I had to learn I can't do everything through the keyboard on an iPad. You know what? I lived. MacBook Pro MacBook Pro review Touch Bar: The ultimate guide MacBook news MacBook forums Buy at Apple Reader comments Making the Mac multitouch. A bit. 3 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Sort by Date Sort by Rating JBSlough "...or we'll see something that replaces both iOS and macOS on a wide range of hardware, the way OS X replaced the old Mac OS." This. I don't think that iOS and macOS will "merge" as some people have suggested. What will eventually happen Apple will introduce a newer OS that will replace both. It would be one OS that runs on tablets and laptops. Apple will offer more choices then on it's hardware. Maybe, shocking, retire the Mac and the i names for something new. Or just reintroduce a new Mac. Hello Again. 0 7 hours ago Reply dc9super80 As I sit here scrolling with my fingers and reading this article on my Surface Pro, which I just disconnected from its keyboard/trackpad on my way to the kitchen to get a snack, I feel as though I am living in what I imagined to be the future. I didn't have that feeling with MacBook Air this Surface recently replaced. So no Rene, Apple needs to do something serious with touch. Anything else will look like a half baked, questionably implemented idea (see TouchBar). 0 5 hours ago Reply VAVA Mk2 Blackberry felt the same thing about touch screen smart phones at their zenith and look at what happened to them.... An invincibility complex to the point where you do not feel you need to adapt and stay pace with the rest of the industry is a VERY dangerous notion to have in the technology world. 0 5 hours ago Reply Menu Log in or Sign up Search Apple Apps & Games Accessories & Toys Photo & Video Health & Fitness Movies & Music Transport Security Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Podcasts Android Central WindowsCentral iMore CrackBerry Connectedly TeslaCentral VRHeads MrMobile Modern Dad About Contact Us Jobs Privacy & Terms Mobile Nations 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2017 Mobile Nations Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Careers: Writer | Dev Licensing External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
Login All Reviews Editorials News Apple Decks Out McEnry Convention Center for WWDC 2017 Apple Opens Up Swift Playgrounds to Drones, Robots, Musical Instruments: LEGO MINDSTORMS, Sphero, Parrot More Geeky Gifts for Dads and Grads Tips Safari: How to Check for Malicious Extensions How to Set Up iCloud Calendar for Alexa Podcasts Apple's Big WWDC Keynote Plans, Siri Speaker vs Sonos - TMO Daily Observations 2017-06-01 Carpool Karaoke on Apple Music Is Good, Woz Is Cool, AI Chips Are Important - ACM 413 View All Results → macOS: Speedifier Lets You Control Video Speed In Safari Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! View All Reviews → Monday's Apple WWDC Keynote Just Got Even More Exciting How AIs, like Siri, Could Become Our Proxy Shoppers Apple Could Own Device-Centric AI with Custom Chip The Touchbar MacBook Pro is a Disposable Embarrassment Dr. Mac's Gifts for Dads and Grads 2017 View All Editorials → Apple’s Rumored Siri Speaker Targets Sonos, Too Dave Hamilton @DaveHamilton · +Dave Hamilton 2 minute read Jun 1st, 2017 11:12 AM EDT | Analysis All the reports of Apple’s rumored Siri Speaker have it targeting Alexa and Google Home, and at one level that makes sense. The Siri Speaker seems like it will be a voice-controlled device in your home that happens to be able to emit sound. But I think there’s a different target Apple’s going after: Sonos. Remember, this isn’t rumored to just be a voice-controlled device with a speaker thrown in for audio feedback. Reports peg this as a device which contains multiple, high-quality speakers. In early May, KGI Securities’ Apple analyst Ming-Chi Kuo said: We expect Apple’s first home AI product will have excellent acoustics performance (one woofer + seven tweeters) and computing power (similar to iPhone 6/6S AP). Seven tweeters. Amazon’s Echo at US$179.99, by comparison, has one woofer and one tweeter, as does the $199 Sonos PLAY:1. Even Sonos’s Flagship PLAY:5 at $499 only has six speakers, though three of those are woofers (the remaining three are tweeters). Yesterday’s report from Mark Gurman and Alex Webb writing at Bloomberg states: The device will differ from Amazon.com Inc.’s Echo and Alphabet Inc.’s Google Home speakers by offering virtual surround sound technology […] Virtual surround sound. This is starting to sound like the technology that Sonos has baked into its PLAYBASE and PLAYBAR (and, used a little differently, in the aforementioned PLAY:5, as well). Amazon and Google aren’t doing that with any of their current offerings. Twitter User @iFunnyVlogger’s rendering of what the Siri Speaker might look like. I would expect a device with seven tweeters to provide truly room-filling sound, perhaps from all angles given that each of those tweeters could be aimed in slightly different directions. This might be something that could pair with an Apple TV and not only play music but also play the audio for your TV shows and movies. The Siri Speaker may be more of a living room device than a kitchen device. For additional support, let’s include this tidbit from the same Ming-Chi Kuo report: […] likely to be positioned for: (i) the high-end market; (ii) better entertainment experience; and (iii) higher price than Amazon Echo. Better entertainment experience is something none of the existing voice-controlled home assistants seem to boast or even target. Given the popularity and functional usefulness of the $49 Amazon Echo Dot and its one, tiny speaker, it could easily be argued that the Alexa product line completely omits the I-care-about-sound-quality market (feel free to leave your “but Bluetooth!” comments below). Given the reported Siri Speaker’s enhanced acoustics and higher price points I’m thinking this thing targets the Sonos market: people that care about audio quality. It could perhaps finally be the first device that truly competes with Sonos (again, feel free to leave your comments about Bose and Polk below… I’ve tried those systems, folks, and I stand by the previous sentence). Sonos Killer? I’ll stop well-short of applying the term “Sonos killer” here, though. Sonos already has excellent support for Apple Music and every other streaming platform available. I would be surprised if Apple’s Siri speaker did that upon launch, too, though it’s not outside the realm of possibilities. Remember, your iPhone supports this stuff, and if the reported Siri Speaker processor speed is even close to accurate, there’s no reason that this device couldn’t run apps to support third-party services just like the Apple TV does. If Apple can truly release a high-quality speaker that is audibly-controlled and supports multiple music services including Apple Music, they would potentially have something very, very compelling to offer. Sonos is due to release their Alexa support later this year, but I’ve had a chance to approximate that with a hacked-together setup. Even with my hack’s imperfections, controlling music with one’s voice is true bliss and is most definitely the future of products like this. Let’s just hope Siri doesn’t interpret “Play Stevie Wonder” as “Hey, this is a steaming blunder.” Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Print Tumblr Tags: Apple TV, Siri speaker, sonos You might also like… Get Free Bitcoins from 23 Faucets That Pay The Touchbar MacBook Pro is a Disposable Embarrassment The 5 Best PC Motherboards for Creating a Hackintosh The 5 Best Hackintosh Graphics Cards Apple Music Is Turning Apple into a Media Giant 3 Comments Add a comment Andrush June 1, 2017 Hey Dave, you may be right to suggest that “Apple’s going after Sonos” but I have to say that the rest of your comments are rubbish. Are we talking about a mono BGM system or are we talking about 5.1 channel surround sound? Either way, there is a clear differentiation between streaming services and the number of tweeters in a speaker enclosure. “I would expect a device with seven tweeters to provide truly room-filling sound, perhaps from all angles given that each of those tweeters could be aimed in slightly different directions.” Say What ??? June 1, 2017 at 12:57 EDT PM CudaBoy June 1, 2017 Apple is incredible – the production of Toyota with the margins of Ferrari. No wonder Android is the most popular OS on the planet. This speaker Apple is throwing out here now allows them to make it obsolete in a year when they add the LED screen to it like the others. Mark me, it will happen. Save your pennies kiddies. June 1, 2017 at 8:54 EDT PM rmcq June 2, 2017 So they’re finally upgrading the iPod HiFi then? June 2, 2017 at 2:00 EDT AM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Monday's Apple WWDC Keynote Just Got Even More Exciting Bryan Chaffin | June 1, 2017 Why Apple's WWDC Event is Even More Important in 2017 John Martellaro | June 1, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Are you the Resident Geek for your friends, family and co-workers? If so, you might enjoy hanging out with other like-minded folks on the Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group. Come join the fun! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $153.18 +0.42 (0.27%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Apple Decks Out McEnry Convention Center for WWDC 2017 Apple Opens Up Swift Playgrounds to Drones, Robots, Musical Instruments: LEGO MINDSTORMS, Sphero, Parrot More Geeky Gifts for Dads and Grads Plex Adds Live TV Viewing to iPhone, iPad Apple's Developer Payouts Top $70 Billion Recent Tips See All » Safari: How to Check for Malicious Extensions How to Set Up iCloud Calendar for Alexa The 5 Best Hackintosh Graphics Cards macOS: Archiving Old Contacts Get Free Bitcoins from 23 Faucets That Pay Recent Editorials See All » Monday's Apple WWDC Keynote Just Got Even More Exciting Why Apple's WWDC Event is Even More Important in 2017 A Bezel-less iPhone 8 Will Change How Photos Look Apple’s Rumored Siri Speaker Targets Sonos, Too How AIs, like Siri, Could Become Our Proxy Shoppers 18160 Dave Hamilton analysis 3 1496315548 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
Homepage Sign in / Sign up Aleks JakulinBlockedUnblockFollowFollowing Information Economy Jun 1 What has Internet done to Media? This essay contains my thoughts about how Internet has been evolving over the past 20 years. It contains my analysis, supporting links and my recommendations. These ideas have been driving me over the past decade to develop a set of improved technologies, practices and standards. If this resonates with you, if you have ideas on how to improve this document, please reach out to aleks+ie@ganxy.com. Let’s bring different people, efforts and organizations together and fulfill the dream that was at the core of Internet: to unleashing the potential of networked humanity. 1. Introduction Internet originated from an effort to develop reliable communications in the case of a nuclear war. It’s been an incredible success even in peacetime, a science fiction tale come true: Internet now connects well over 3 billion people, provides access to information and services using tiny devices we carry in our pockets. The change to the society that the Internet will cause will be as large or larger than Gutenberg’s press, internal combustion engine, airplanes or electricity, and we’re yet to see the full extent of its impact. Internet, unfortunately, isn’t fulfilling its potential for several reasons: Violation of the information property rights through piracy and “scraping” has eliminated a source of income for developers, journalists, authors, and artists, reducing both quality and quantity of Internet content. Much valuable information is not yet online, or not easily found, even if there’s a market for it. The fundamental reason for this is rigidity of licensing contracts and practices. It’s unnecessarily hard to create a sustainable content business online: advertising is inadequate, and charging for information on the global web is encumbered by legacy regulation. The internet is putting the public in danger: there is an increasing amount of false and misleading information online, leading to political polarization, extremist movements, and terrorism. The practices are inadequate, and there’s a lack of a system. The collection of personal data is threatening democracy with the emergence of a number of powerful private surveillance organizations. Again, the regulation is futile and inadequate. Fortunately, there is a solution. Protection of personal and private data is a universal human right, but we need to enforce it. In order to develop and distribute protected information online, we need to implement better licensing technologies. To increase the quality and trustworthiness of information, we need to set up systems for reviewing, versioning, and reputation. Consequently, the Internet will develop its full potential, and we will create more than a billion jobs in the sustainable information economy. 2. Value of Data and Content The Internet emerged by connecting communities of researchers, but as Internet grew, antisocial behaviors were not adequately discouraged. When I coauthored several internet standards (PNG, JPEG, MNG), I was guided by the vision of connecting humanity. Groups of volunteers like myself were developing open standards that would allow programmers to create internet software without restrictions or taxes. We had felt this could be big if we succeeded, but we didn’t imagine that billions of people would be now using the open standards and the open software we created. The world is smaller than ever before. Friendships now span the globe. Internet technologies are reducing the need for travel for work, reducing fossil fuel consumption and pollution. Internet was originally designed to connect a few academic institutions, namely universities and research labs. Academia is a community of academics, which has always been based on the openness of information. Perhaps the most important to the history of the Internet is the hacker community composed of computer scientists, administrators, and programmers, most of whom are not affiliated with academia directly but are employed by companies and institutions. Whenever there is a community, its members are much more likely to volunteer time and resources to it. It was these communities that created websites, wrote the software and started providing internet services. The skills of the hacker community are highly sought after and compensated well, and hackers can afford to dedicate their spare time to the community. Society is funding universities and institutes who employ scholars. Within the academic community, the compensation is through citation, while plagiarism or falsification can destroy someone’s career. Institutions and communities have enforced these rules both formally and informally through members’ desire to maintain and grow their standing within the community. The values of academic community can be sustained within universities, but are not adequate outside of it. When businesses and general public joined the internet, many of the internet technologies and services were overwhelmed with the newcomers who didn’t share their values and were not members of the community. In the beginning, there was very little unwanted email, or spam, on the Internet. But once America Online and other service providers started bringing hordes of new Internet users starting around 1996, spam started growing. It was spam that brought down the USENET forums and made decentralized email clients almost unusable. Many companies are still being held hostage with the denial of service attacks on their servers. False information is distracting people with untrue or irrelevant conspiracy theories, ineffective medical treatments, while facilitating terrorist organization recruiting and propaganda. The excessively idealistic assumptions have actually made reality worse for Internet users. Fighting spam led to commercialization of the Internet, and excessive centralization of control and information. Large web media companies like Google, Amazon and Microsoft have been able to detect spam by creating highly centralized systems. Their services are highly popular, and the companies are liked by the general public. But as a result, a small number of companies have control of an unprecedented amount of personal information. These companies have access to what we search for, what we post about, what we email, who we message, where we go, who we go with, who we call, what we search for, what websites we view. A small group of conspiring individuals within these companies or an outside hacker can access all this data. Such break-ins have happened several times before (*,*,*). Even without a break-in, these companies are already accessing this data right now by themselves and potentially using it in ways we cannot even detect. Privacy laws do not protect us: it’s impossible to detect violations when private data is stored with these companies. These web media companies generate profits using our data. Their business model is facilitating advertising. Advertisers working with web media companies can target us by bidding on our gender, our age, or location or even our personal identity. These web media companies control the operating systems of our phones, computers, the web browsers we use to do banking and communication. They can activate a microphone or camera at any time by pushing an update to the software. We seem to be perfectly okay with the companies already using the data for profit, by performing data analysis about us, and choosing what version of an ad is most likely going to compel us to buy something we don’t need while interrupting the communication, research or entertainment we’re engaged in. They are beginning to use our data to train the artificial intelligence, thus using the value of our information and applying it elsewhere. As long as the public has trust in these companies, the amount of information and data will grow. It’s like a balloon that’s being inflated with data. It’s precarious: it takes a single needle to pop a balloon. Of course, once the break-in happens, people won’t trust the companies anymore. But there’s so much information there that even a single event can be highly lucrative. It’s irresponsible of these companies not to protect the private information in case of an attack on their systems. We shouldn’t expect much: the appropriation of user data is at the core for many of these companies. For example, the founder of Facebook hacked into protected areas of Harvard’s computer network and copied private dormitory students’ images. He then used them to create a website where users ranked two students based on their hotness (*). The situation is becoming even more dangerous because we are trusting these companies to offer us search results without a bias and documents without tampering. If the power of the internet consumer companies continues to grow, nobody will even know the balloon popped. There’s already evidence that internet consumer companies are becoming involved in politics by tampering with search results (*), buying media companies (*) and sponsoring politicians (*,*). So, when the balloon pops, there will perhaps be no news posts and no search results about it. Web media companies have earned hundreds of billions of dollars by extracting value from personal and protected data As a result of the internet development over the past 20 years, the average level of content online has been lowered, many publishers have gone out of business, and we’ve got more advertising than ever. The magazine industry has shrunk by 20% just between 2005 and 2011. The number of newsroom employees has fallen by 40%. We do, however, have web media companies earning valuations measured in hundreds of billions of dollars. Web media companies earned this in large part by matching advertising with the content either taken from the media companies or created by unpaid volunteers, while only returning a tiny fraction of that money to those who created the content. How did this happen? Above I’ve described how web media companies accumulate and extract value from our personal data. Many of these practices have actually developed earlier, with the public internet. It was the volunteers, webmasters, who have created the first websites. Websites made information easily accessible. The website was property and a brand, vouching for the reputation of the content and data there. Users bookmarked those websites they liked so that they could revisit them later — or emailed the creators of websites with suggestions and comments. Some of the websites primarily collected links to other websites and kept the links current and curated. In those days, I kept current about the developments in the field by following newsgroups and regularly visiting key websites that curated the information on a particular topic. Google entered the picture by downloading all of Internet and indexing it. It was a Faustian bargain for the webmasters: if they prevented Google from crawling and using the data, their websites could languish in obscurity. But if they did allow Google to crawl, they’d also allow Google to make a copy of the pages and using the information in there for Google’s own profit. Something else happened too: the perceived credit for finding information went to Google and no longer to the creators of the websites. After a few years of maintaining my website, I was no longer receiving much appreciation for this work, so I have given up maintaining the pages on my website and curating links. This must have happened around 2005. An increasing number of Wikipedia editors are giving up their unpaid efforts to maintain quality in the fight with vandalism or content spam (*,*). On the other hand, marketers continue to have an incentive to put information online that would lead to sales. As a result of depriving contributors to the open web with brand and credit, search results on Google tend to be of worse quality. When Internet search was gradually taking over from websites, there was one area where a writer’s personal property and personal brand were still protected: blogging. While search yielded results on a particular topic, one could stay current by following blogs on topics of interest. RSS reader software provided a way to maintain subscriptions or bookmarks to blogs. The community connected through the comments on blog posts. The bloggers were known and personally subscribed to. Alas, whenever there’s an unprotected resource online, some startup will move in and harvest it. Social media tools simplified link sharing. Thus, an “influencer” could easily post a link to an article written by someone else within their own social media feed. The conversation was removed from the blog post and instead developed in the influencer’s feed. As a result, carefully written articles have become a mere resource for influencers. As a result, the number of new blogs has been falling. Social media companies like Twitter and Facebook reduced barriers to entry by making so easy to refer to others’ content so much that the pool of influencers was a simple rich-get-richer phenomenon: famous personalities from mainstream media also became the most followed personalities on the social media. Social media companies then used the social relationships and communities and started inserting their own advertising. This way, even social media has started withering. Part of the rise of podcasting is the inability of social media to interfere with podcast subscriptions through special apps (*,*). But it’s a just a question of time when podcasting will get aggregated. How advertising fails as a business model for journalism? To earn an income with free content, publishers sold advertising space for banner ads. Ad tech companies like DoubleClick (later acquired by Google) sold ad space on behalf of publishers in exchange for a cut of the revenue. Because of the lack of competition in ad tech the revenue share continues to be unfavorable for publishers. Moreover, abundant advertising fraud led to over $7B in revenue going to fraudsters rather than to publishers (*). As a result, web advertising is hardly lucrative: the revenue that can be generated with web page advertising is measured in mere cents per hour, whereas subscription revenue from newspapers and magazines was easily measured in dollars per hour. At the same time, the online content is fundamentally unprotected through conventional copyright. The creation of print content and photographs, the collection of links to other relevant pages end up being a resource that gets harvested by search engines, social media, and content farms who end up extracting most of the financial value. For example, a search engine will extract the title and the summary, and reuse them in their page with search results — but the publisher will not partake in lucrative ad revenue displayed on the search result page. Social media will similarly repurpose the photos, headlines, and summaries to create an attractive news feed, and similarly, won’t share the lucrative targeted ad revenue with the creators of those. A content farm will re-use the hard work of journalistic reporting by creating a derivative article for a fraction of the cost — which can be published only minutes or even seconds after the original publication. To increase revenues in such an environment, publishers have made the advertising increasingly obstructive, eroding the privacy with tracking, slowing down page loading, increasing the amount of data consumed as well as shortening the battery life. This led more and more users to employ tools such as ad blockers (*), ad-blocking browsers (*,*), and offline reading apps (*,*). These tools strip content of ads and thereby publishers of revenue. Google’s Chrome browser is planning to start blocking ads (presumably non-Google ones, further consolidating their already dominant market share) in 2018 under the pretense of “usability” (*). Google and Facebook engage in censorship under the pretense of fighting “fake news” (*,*), although better proposals exist (*). The success of paid content business models and continued erosion of digital advertising. I’ve recently realized I read web content less and less, and read eBooks more. It’s true that web articles are often shorter and convenient, but I find I save a lot of time by reading well-researched and well-written ebooks from reputable publishers. It’s not even necessary to pay a lot to purchase ebooks — one can just loan or rent them from public libraries and online stores that support lending. Public libraries have spent over 6% of their total materials spending on ebooks. Why are ebooks better than web articles? Ebooks have a better business model than web pages: when an ebook is sold or lent, writers and publishers earn income. The income allows writers to do quality research and writing. Income also allows publishers to do quality selection, editing, design and distribution. Income is especially important at a time when publishing quality content on the web is increasingly about volunteering rather than about livelihood, and livelihood is about satisfying advertisers or, more recently sponsors. The sponsored content or native advertising model is about presenting advertising as content, so that readers think they’re reading an article when in reality they’re reading an advertorial. The web media firms that have successfully charged for content are worth considerably more. Financial Times has been sold for $1.3B to Nikkei, having the circulation of 1.3M. The Economist has been valued to $1.5 billion through the sale of Pearson’s stake, with a similar figure of 1.3M subscribers, and reaching 11M digitally. These publications are thus worth $1K per paid subscriber. On the other hand, newspapers that aren’t restricting access to their content are worth considerably less per customer: The Washington Post sold for $250M with the paid circulation of about 400K, even if the digital reach is 76M. The Boston Globe and its affiliated New England media assets sold for only $70 million with the reach of 571K. Paid business models are technically expensive to implement for smaller newspapers. But even more importantly, the management fears that increasing the price will drive down the number of readers, who have been spoiled with free content. Thus, while Financial Times and The Economist picked the path of staying financially independent from advertisers, most American newspapers and newspapers like The Guardian chose larger audiences, while continuing to shrink and cut costs. The give-away of content by national newspapers has led to the vanishing of many blogs, smaller newspapers, and magazines. Now even these national newspapers are threatened. They have hoped that growing digital audiences would lead to growing ad revenues, using the model of renting space alongside the articles to digital ad networks. However, consolidated digital advertising networks like Facebook and Google are a strong adversary. These networks are inviting newspapers to syndicate their content to Google search results and Facebook news feeds in exchange for a fraction of the ad revenue. In the meantime, Google and Facebook can play the game of favorites, and hold all the customer data. How content gets devalued by using Internet as a promotional tool. Perhaps the most dramatic downfall of a content industry has happened to music. Between 1996 and 2014, 75% of global music revenue evaporated, going from $60B to $15B (*). The annual revenue per capita in the US dropped 67% to $26 between 1999 and 2014 (*). The number of full-time music artists dropped by 42% between 2015 and 2000 in the US (*). An average American still spends more than 4 hours per day listening to music: this amounts to less than $0.02/hour of music, and only a fraction of that actually goes to its creator. The fastest growing revenue source for music is digital streaming. The business model for digital streaming is still based on the radio which paid a relatively insignificant amount in exchange for creating exposure to music. However, digital streaming offers millions of channels instead of maybe a dozen that existed when the business model was created. With old radio, one had no choice what to listen to, and had to buy the album to be able to listen to a song arbitrarily. But digital streaming services offer this ability while still only paying the artist the amount a radio station would. Several artists have opted out of streaming services (*), even though it’s difficult to do so (*). Independent musicians are furthermore in a disadvantageous position and receiving as much as 10x times less money per play than large music publishers — who often hold ownership stakes of digital music streaming services. Yet in the big scheme of things, digital streaming music companies are not alone at fault for the downfall of the music industry. They are still trying to charge for access to music under an all-you-can-eat subscription model while giving away some content for free combined with some advertising. The real problem is the ad supported model: if a website or an app offers any piece of music for free with some optional advertising to everyone in unlimited quantities — it’s very hard to persuade customers to purchase it. With human nature as it is, customers are eager to look for the cheapest option. And the epitome of the cheapest option these days happens to be YouTube. YouTube has over a billion users watching millions of hours of video per day (*), and generated over $4B in ad revenue just in 2015 — but has paid only about $2B to rights holders in the decade from 2007 until July 2016. The most popular YouTube search term is “music”. The revenue is only a small part of the value generated for Google: there are goodwill and generated data. Goodwill is the brand value generated for YouTube by giving content away is another part of the profit for the company, and that doesn’t get measured in the revenue share calculations. The generated data allows Google to create detailed viewing profiles for users that allow them to optimize ads. YouTube is free, while at the same time, people are perfectly happy to pay for a drink, a meal, a cab ride or a vacation. The primary ways of monetizing content these days is the subscription model. How does that work? A subscriber pays a fixed fee every month and received unlimited access to the content. Examples of this are Netflix for video and Spotify for music. It’s a bit like an all-you-can-eat buffet: a fixed payment for an unlimited quantity of food. It’s seemingly attractive, but to make it work, there is a small number of high-quality items and a large amount of inexpensive filler content. Netflix provides a trial account as the high-quality video is still scarce online, but Spotify has to compete with YouTube by providing a free ad-supported tier. As long as YouTube can freely provide content, only a minority of the potential market will be willing to pay extra. Why would a student pay $10 for an album if they can get unlimited Spotify subscription for less than $5 per month? Yet another consideration for the holder of content rights: they only have a limited amount of information what’s happening with their content, the information is delayed and it’s difficult to trust and audit what they do get. The news websites have tried the “metered model” — where the ad-supported tier only carries a limited number of articles that can be read. Maybe such a model will also appear in music. But the fundamental problem is that articles are still fundamentally treated as “free”, and that the news media continue to value their editorial role even though the editorial role has largely been transferred to the social media “curators” who make use of inexpensive raw material of articles. Subscriptions have been seen as the solution for content monetization online. Yet, at the same time, all-you-can-eat restaurants are a tiny minority of all restaurants. Subscriptions will not include top content without additional payment. The selection of what is free and what isn’t will be intrinsically subjective and expensive to negotiate. In the meantime, as long as a large variety of content is available free of charge. Wide accessibility of a large quantity of content on Spotify makes it difficult for bands and labels to offer digital downloads of their music. Already, Apple iTunes model of selling uniformly priced singles in addition to albums made it much cheaper to assemble an album composed of outstanding tracks. The subscription model is just the next step in this direction. The ad-supported model is a jump to zero. This price competition is leading the industry in a downward spiral which ultimately reduces the creativity. How some companies benefit from the rhetoric of “free” content, and how the hopes of content creators aren’t materializing. With the Internet, both barriers went down: the fragmentation of digital jurisdictions among hundreds of geographies, and judicial and law enforcement’s lack of technical ability led to the copyright laws being violated on a regular basis. The ease of copying or modifications removes the investment and delay that previously existed for physical carriers. Finally, web media companies have successfully lobbied against revamping laws that would limit or prevent effective enforcement of copyright (*) even though that is technically feasible, while passive aggressively making it difficult to use (*,*). So, at the moment, DMCA framework from the dark ages of the Internet (1998) remains as it is, with all the limitations (*,*). Whoever pretends to “liberate” content in this system, gets to play the role of a seeming Robin Hood and gets the credit, attention, and resources. Those facilitating illegal piracy became extremely wealthy, like Kim Dotcom (*), or politically powerful, like Pirate Bay founder Peter Sunde (*). In some cases, companies that violate copyright particularly egregiously, such as the music piracy pioneer Napster (*) or Kim Dotcom’s MegaUpload (*) do get shut down. But there are few personal repercussions for the agents: Napster co-founder Sean Parker later helped start Facebook as its founding president — and is now a billionaire (*). There’s a distinct disunity among creators on the role of copyright. Those creating are also consuming, and consuming more than most others, so having free access is quite appealing. To justify this, they are very happy to also freely share their work with others, engaging in a personal gift economy. Creators often base their work on creations of others, remixing and drawing inspiration from it, but rigid licensing practices make it difficult to obtain the formal permissions. Lack of transparency and one-sided contracts in the publishing industries create an alienation between creators and publishers. As a result, many creators are looking to revise the copyright laws, often by removing them altogether. However, rejection of creators’ rights is short-sighted. This change would primarily benefit intermediaries like Internet media and search companies. And these companies are the ones sponsoring think tank organizations and grassroots efforts that criticize copyright, and fund lobbyists that advocate limiting copyright. With these efforts and with the adoption of free content mindset, only advertising models are feasible. Creators have also been quite willing to offer free access to everyone as to get discovered and develop a following. It’s a strategy that worked quite well in the early days of the Internet when there was a strong community, a relative lack of content and still functioning avenues to sell content. But in the over 10 years that YouTube has existed, not a single best-selling album got launched on YouTube — and most artists still get discovered and launched through existing industry networks. A hope has been that free music would increase concert attendance. However, while $13B (in inflation-corrected dollars) of total recorded music revenue in the US vanished between 1999 and 2014, the live concert revenue only increased by $4.1B in this same period: to fill the gap, even tripling of current live concert revenue wouldn’t suffice (*,*). So, competition for attention by giving content away has only devalued music. Another hope has been that fans would donate. Yet, the only result is continued commercial failure of the donation model (*). When the music is perceived to be free, and when “sharing is caring” and 18% of American youth think it’s acceptable to upload content to pirate websites (*) — there simply isn’t any value attributed to the content, regardless of the effort that was put into it. When physical property is assured protection by the government — why shouldn’t intellectual property have the same? What makes a landlord more deserving of government’s protection of their investment and property than a scientist, a journalist or an artist? And why not transition from the model of apartment and property leases to voluntary donations to landlords by squatters? To summarize, with adoption of the Internet, the protection of content has weakened. It’s not that people aren’t willing to pay for good content: The success of iTunes, Netflix, Amazon and many other examples has already demonstrated that beyond all doubt. It’s that creators have bought into the deceptive optimism that giving away content will grow their audience. Moreover, the proprietary content e-commerce solutions have limited the traditional rights of content buyers — so content creators have been trying to compensate by giving content away. As a result, the value of content has been devalued, and it’s still hard to find an audience. It’s the content creators who are subsidizing this vicious cycle of content which is leading to an unprecedented shrinking of content creation industries. The importance of insisting on a price for content. It takes many years of study to be able to produce music. Then it takes a lot of work to create a good piece of work. Finally, it takes much effort and resources to establish recognition for a single or album, so that it can rise above the din of mediocrity and find its audience. After that, it costs virtually nothing to deliver the content through the Internet. The cost of content is not the cost of delivery, it’s the cost of creation. The creators hope to recoup the cost of creation by charging for delivery. It’s not too different for a farmer to acquire and clear the land, enrich it, select seeds, plant an apple tree, nurture it to maturity, and then protect it from pests. Once the apples are ripe, it’s very little work to pick them. But this ignores the vast amount of time and effort that needed to be put into those apples prior. Societies that don’t protect the farmers’ investment end up in poverty, as farmers stop working the land. This is beginning to happen to the Internet. The solution to this problem is the creation of a new type of rules for the protection of content creators. The Universal Declaration of Human Rights states (*): “Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific, literary or artistic production of which he is the author.” The US Constitution states (*): “The Congress shall have power […] To promote the progress of science and useful arts, by securing for limited times to authors and inventors the exclusive right to their respective writings and discoveries;“ Copyright has been developed at the beginning of the 18th century, became more widespread at the end of 19th century. These laws need a very significant update for the present-day internet. Moreover, to correct for the anomalies of the past two decades, content creators and the general public deserve a part of the value that has been unfairly captured by the web media companies. Publishers, authors, film production companies and many other owners of intellectual property are in a weak position compared with the concentration of Apple, Amazon, Google and a small number other consumer web media companies who control the commerce and rights protection technologies. These companies also spend enormous amounts of money for lobbying, Google spent $450M betwee 2015–2016 just in the EU (*). It’s only after the standards will truly protect the authors, creators and curators but also allow more openness and competition among the services based on content and data outside of public domain. What’s needed is a model governed by standards that allows content rightsholders to control and enforce the cost of acquiring a license to the content. The cost of that license needs to be clear and should hold for everyone, regardless of the business model, be it advertising or acquisition. With this, media companies can develop new innovative offerings to the users, while the clearly priced licenses ensure that the competition is in the quality of offerings and not through content deals. The dream of the universal internet library will then be fulfilled, where any piece of work is accessible for a fair price, without illogical bundles and barriers. 3. Failing to Protect Content The obsolescence of copyright with advancing technology. In the past, content was packaged into books and videotapes, later DVDs. It was physical objects, the “carriers”, that were bought and sold, even though the value was in the content itself. Carriers could be distributed, sold by a variety of competing vendors in different stores. The scarcity of carriers and the protection of copyright law ensured that the access to content was priced and valued. In addition to copyright, the delay and considerable investment needed for production and distribution of an illicit carrier protected the underlying content. Physical media were very difficult to copy, magnetic media such as audio cassettes simplified copying, but the quality of the copy was lower, but with the transition to digital media, copy is perfect. The content industry tried to develop digital copy protection and digital rights management (DRM) technologies. While they do prevent casual sharing to some extent, they also prevent behaviors that people were used to with physical media, such as the creation of permanent private libraries, creation of backup copies, lending to friends, ability to use different devices to consume content. DRM is only applied to commercial content, but fails to protect our personal data and many other types of content and data. But the most important flaw of DRM is that it’s fundamentally inadequate: the protection can always be broken, and the bootleg copy uploaded to the internet. The unintended effects of digital rights management technologies. Media companies understood that with digital technologies, digital content can be copied more easily than ever before. They sought protection for their digital content products through DRM technologies. Implementing a DRM system is difficult: it requires low-level integration with the operating system, the ability to offer a positive buying experience to end consumers, as well as the business ability to maintain partnerships with content rightsholders. As a result, few companies had the resources to develop DRM: Apple, Amazon, Google, Adobe and Microsoft. These companies were in a powerful position and they tried to leverage that. For example, when ebooks were a novelty, I bought a Kindle to read them. To get an ebook, I’d have to use a computer to buy it from a website. Kindle allowed the books to be transferred wirelessly. Before that, an ebook would be transferred to the reader with a USB cable: a complex feat for many people, requiring special software to run on the computer. That was the time of Kindle and Nook that only large companies can accomplish: it required 1) building a hardware device 2) creating custom software 3) acquiring the content from a number of publishers 4) launching and supporting millions of customers. It took an Apple to release the iPhone. It took a Microsoft to release Windows. It took Barnes & Noble to release Nook, and Amazon to develop the Kindle. Adobe and Microsoft tried to develop general-purpose technologies that were to be used by other stores. This is a harder problem, and Adobe’s ebook DRM technology has proven not to be very user friendly. Consequently, 75% of all the ebook sales now happen just through one company, Amazon. Amazon does not have to support open standards (*): a customer can’t read the purchased book on a device or with software that isn’t Amazon’s own (*). This limits innovation in e-book reading technology. Unlike with paper books, it’s very difficult to legally share one’s library with others. All the purchases are locked into an Amazon account, at mercy of the company operating the service (*) — and Amazon can even arbitrarily remove purchases from customers’ libraries (*). It gets worse: Amazon controls the prices, the selection (*), and the reading experience, and is monitoring every individual page view of every reader. Amazon uses price as its main competitive advantage over other retailers and has a history of driving competitors out of business (*) through predatory pricing (*), which it can afford because of its size (*,*). Amazon has started reducing payments to authors based on monitoring of the e-book reading applications (*). Amazon even started its own publishing unit (*). Other publishers can buy ad space on Amazon to promote their products. But Amazon can feature their own books on the landing page, or include them in automated product recommendations. With the search data, they can prioritize what books to publish. Amazon’s leadership now controls important national news media (*) and is now expanding to education (*). Ironically, judicial system perceived Amazon as an underdog when publishers tried to develop an agency pricing model for ebooks (*). As a result of media companies quest for content protection, a very small number of technology companies have developed a commanding share of the paid media market: Amazon, Apple, Netflix and Google. These companies are involved in politics and have a considerable amount of ability to affect pricing, presentation and access to content for hundreds of million of people. There are very few controls on what these companies can or cannot do, and with their growth and degradation of journalism, it is becoming increasingly difficult to monitor and regulate them. A better approach than DRM is needed. These days, I prefer to read ebooks on my smartphone or a standard tablet: the pages turn faster, and I don’t need to carry another device. In fact, over 80% of American cell phones sold today are smartphones. I’ve been using several different apps to read my books. Some of them are web applications which don’t even require an installation. Since an ebook is technically not much different than a saved web page, there’s no need for special ebook stores or store-brand reading devices. Ebooks have become an internet technology. It’s the time of Linux and Android, not Windows. There are much fewer barriers to entry for new publishers. The role of libraries in making content affordable and accessible. For those who can’t afford to buy ebooks, it’s now increasingly possible to borrow ebooks from public libraries for free. Libraries are transforming themselves away from warehousing paper into curators of publishing. Libraries protect the rights of publishers and authors, buying ebooks using funds provided by the public, by members and by donors — to make verified and high quality information available to children, students and others. A large part of humanity’s information, knowledge and entertainment aren’t yet easily available online. There are wonderful books only found in libraries, fascinating video materials and recording only found in archives, children’s cartoons only available on DVD, performances only accessible at rare and expensive metropolitan venues, lectures only happening at certain universities. Why are then these materials not accessible to anyone online? It’s not just that the digitalization of physical content into digital form costs money, but that tickets, tuition, physical books help pay for the creation of these materials. In fact, the creators of these materials have a justified fear that once the content will be digitized, unlawful copying or piracy will deprive them of most of their income, just as it has happened to music. When it does become available, it’s usually available for a limited period of time from a single source. This model of licensing is very similar to the broadcast model, where the buyer of the license pays a fixed amount in advance. Such licensing deals tend to be viable only for a limited selection of works that are extensively promoted. At would be unaffordable for a comprehensive library of content to be created using broadcast licensing. In summary, more content will be available when protection and licensing practices are updated for the Internet era. Instead of trying to maintain practices from the publishing and broadcasting industries, a new paradigm of data licenses needs to be developed. Data doesn’t stand alone, but it depends on what is known about it, its reputation, quality, origin. In that respect, the next chapter will examine the role of the middleman. 4. Protecting the Middleman How products get developed and discovered? Creators put their love and care into producing something of quality, be it a book, a song, a film, or a physical product. We celebrate creators for their individual achievements, but in reality, creators don’t get very far without a team. A prerequisite for a quality product is training the creator, helping them develop the skills. Then, the creator needs collaborators and funding to create a high quality product. And finally, the product needs to be checked, certified, introduced to the public, and then distributed. This last stage is often dismissed as marketing, but it’s exceedingly important. In fact, the distribution of the product itself is itself a part of creation. While the creator is intimately familiar with the product and its qualities, a customer initially knows nothing about it. The task for the curator is to create a bridge between the customer and products. Customers have their own motivations, problems and interests. A curator seeks to understand the customers’ state of mind, and present the available products so that their value is clear to the customer, and present them in a way that allows the customer to explore and select. Moreover, the curator seeks to protect the customer from low quality and high price. Finally, curator retains a long-term relationship with the customer, as it’s rare for a customer to maintain strong relationships with every individual product’s creator. The job of storekeeper or merchant includes the work of a curator. Running the business of a store also requires procuring, storing, displaying, and protecting the merchandise, handling accounting, taking payments, and managing complaints, returns and refunds. With all this complexity, the curatorial role can easily be neglected: we’ve often found a store assistant that knew little about the products he was selling. Amazon does not have to create a pleasant environment of a bookstore and doesn’t employ staff to provide guidance to the bookstore customers. Amazon doesn’t have to display products and let customers try new products. But Amazon benefits from brick-and-mortar stores doing that. A buyer can be enjoying the curated selections in a physical store. Once the customer discovers a product, they can go to Amazon and search for the product they already know. With Amazon’s scale, it’s hard for most curators or brick-and-mortar retailers to compete with on cost. This practice is referred to as showrooming. Indeed, a store is a mix between a warehouse and a showroom or a gallery. Customers can explore products, ask the store employees for recommendations. If there’s a problem with the product, the store provides assurance and returns. It’s expensive to provide recommendations and allow a customer to explore the products. When stores do not provide such service, the publisher needs to market the products by broadcasting. While this isn’t a problem for consumer products like toothpaste, it’s a much more significant problem with small-volume products like books and fashion. That’s why stores provide an important role in discovery. They have a similar role as museums, as they create curated collections of products. Tourists travel far to spend time visiting shopping districts filled with boutiques. On the other hand, online stores like Amazon are the equivalent of a warehouse: it’s hard to discover anything new unless you know exactly what you’re looking for. Amazon and iTunes provide a user interface that has changed very little from the 1916 self-service store patent by Clarence Saunders. Saunders’ patent proposed that the customers walk through a store, collecting products for purchase from the shelves and putting them into the cart, paying at the checkout. Various devices, like one-way turnstiles, prevented thievery. Before that, a customer would order an item from a shopkeeper on the other side of a counter. This concept was quickly imitated across the industry. Online retailers are encouraging showrooming and attempting to steal the efforts of curators, giving them no recognition or compensation. For example, Amazon introduced the Amazon Shopping App in 2011. A customer can use this app to scan the bar code on the product, and buy it for a lower price from Amazon online (*). The store had to pay to attract the customer, stock the products, let customers browse in a pleasant environment, working to match the products to the customer. The store is now deprived of income, and the local community is deprived of sales tax and later deprived from retail stores going out of business. Over the past two decades the circle of curators has shrunk. The number of bookstores has fallen from over 38,500 in 2004 to fewer than 25,000 in 2016, a 36% decrease (*). The number of independent record stores has fallen from over 3,300 in 2003 to under 1,600 in 2013, a 52% decrease (*). The number of movie tickets sold is predicted to fall from 1.6B in 2003 to 1.0B in 2016, a 36% decrease (*). As these curators are vanishing, the mass-marketed hits and best-seller lists are beginning to dominate sales. In the past, the curators used to enable the “middle class” of quality content. That content was not being mass marketed, but was still widely available through theaters, through reviews, and through stores. There, content was picked up by enthusiasts who then recommended it further and gave it enough distribution for the products to be financially viable. But now, much content is no longer as viable as it used to be (*,*). Big hits are becoming bigger than ever: in the summer of 2016 of the top 100 tracks spinning on Pandora, 20 belonged to Drake according to the Pandora Top Spins chart (*). Many retailers are responding to the problem of showrooming. They don’t want to carry products where they won’t offer the best price. They look to be the exclusive retailer for products, sometimes through custom products or through store brands. We can already see deals where certain movies or TV shows are only accessible through one of the stores. It’s a frustrating situation for consumers, who are sometimes forced to acquire a whole monthly subscription to just watch one show or listen to one album. With digital products, content is fundamentally the same regardless of the source — and it would be most sensible to fix the price and allow different retailers to instead compete on the quality of curation and delivery. In the meantime top tier manufacturers such as Apple are opening their own stores partly also in response to retailers’ falling ability to curate. Many publishers have tried this as well, but the results have been somewhat mixed. Digital marketing is expensive if the customer lifetime value is less than $100. While a publisher knows how to select and produce quality content, creating a bookstore environment is not their core competency. Moreover, retailers do not want help customers discover products just so that they would later be bought directly from the supplier directly. Some publishers take an effort to assure their impartiality with respect to all their retailers. The demise of the reviewer. A large part of curation of products is done by our friends. They purchase products and test them — and then recommend them to others. Early adopters, which Malcolm Gladwell refers to as “mavens” in his book “The Tipping Point“ can spend a lot of time and money on staying ahead of others in knowing what’s best. But these are acts of volunteerism, not paid professional work. Few people can afford to develop a true expertise on products. Professional reviewers of the heyday were employed by magazines and newspapers, who had the resources to systematically evaluate a wide selection of products, and create high-quality reviews. Internet has made it a lot easier for anyone to publish. While such reviews are cheap and plentiful, volunteer reviewers typically don’t have much expertise in the product or evaluation techniques. Professional reviewers’ work is also used by “review aggregators” such as Metacritic or Rotten Tomatoes without compensation to create aggregations which are then offered online to end-customers. Some of the largest review aggregators have no qualms about uncredited data theft (*). E-commerce companies like Amazon solicit product reviews from its customers, offering no compensation and deprofessionalizing reviewing. As a result, there is an increasing amount of unreliable and deceptive reviews (*) — and customers need to spend an increasing amount of time researching. The best-seller lists can be easily manipulated by large publishers who have the resources to simply purchase their own products. Social media “influencers” can leverage their following to solicit positive reviews, views and ratings to help boost their ratings. Because customers trust such lists and recommendations, an initial fake purchase will be followed by real purchases — so such manipulative actions can be highly profitable (*). Reviewing communities bring together enthusiasts and expert who collaborate to develop their expertise on a particular topic, just like academic and hacker communities. The community provides a reward for sharing, but also peer review which discourages fakery and deception in reviews. As a result of that combined with the attitude of giving reviews away to the general public, the websites that bring the communities together are attractive acquisition targets. A book reviewer community GoodReads, as well as the movie database IMDB have been acquired by Amazon (*,*). Thus, the reviewers who thought they volunteered their work to the community, have instead merely donated their work to the companies who hosted the communities. It was these companies who received the money from the acquirers without having to compensate the contributors. The work of the contributors and their social connections are now effectively owned by Amazon. Automation of recommendations. The internet media companies think reviews and reviewers will soon be replaced by artificial intelligence and recommender systems. Such automated recommendations use the data we voluntarily submit about what we like or dislike. For example, one who liked several action movies might be recommended other action movies. The technology was pioneered by Netflix who realized that marketing drives people to see heavily marketed recent blockbuster movies — but it was expensive for them to purchase such a large number of DVDs. So, Netflix seeks to persuade its customers through recommendations to instead order an older, cheaper movie that they would still like. This has proven very profitable for Netflix, and given it a key advantage over other DVD rental companies. When Amazon notices that we’re considering a particular product, it lists other products that were frequently bought alongside with it. For example, if you look at Tolstoy’s War and Peace product page on Amazon, you will be also suggested other Russian classics. Amazon’s goal is to increase the number of sales, while minimizing the human effort of curation. This automation seems convenient, but there are important problems. Quality curation is often about exposing a visitor to new experiences, so that they develop a broader perspective. On the other hand, recommender systems seem to draw an unsuspecting customer deeper and deeper onto the rabbit hole they might have crawled into. For example, someone who bought a right-wing political book was just recommended more right-wing books, and someone who has bought a left-wing book was recommended even more left-wing books, based on the research into Amazon’s product recommendations (*). This can lead do dangerous political polarization, creating a deep rift in society. Another problem with such product recommendations is that new products have not been bought by anyone yet. So, a manufacturer with a large marketing budget can pay people to buy the product and thus populate the recommendation systems. Somewhat ironically, Amazon also offers its suppliers an option to buy advertising on amazon.com (*). The digital advertising market is highly centralized with Google and Facebook controlling almost 50% of digital advertising dollars in the US in 2016 (*). But there’s no economic incentive for an early adopter or a discoverer of such a product to profit from helping to spread the good word for a quality product except through non-monetary reputation economy. This is hopefully not the end. There are solutions. As many other volunteers on the Internet, I’m dependent on emotional and material support to continue to do my work. There’s much funding available for fashionable stuff. But there are real problems that aren’t fashionable (yet!). So it’s important that you reach out, if you care about this: aleks+ie@ganxy.com Advertising Internet Content Business Models Media 5 1 BlockedUnblockFollowFollowing Aleks Jakulin Information Economy Share 5 Never miss a story from Aleks Jakulin, when you sign up for Medium. Learn more Never miss a story from Aleks Jakulin BlockedUnblockFollowGet updates
Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumour Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Contact Us The Bitbag Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumors Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Reviews Shop Tech & Gadgets Apple Siri Speaker To Get Official Unveiling Next Week; To Be Released Much Later By Kiko Antonio https://twitter.com/kikoTBB on June 2, 2017 11:38 AM For almost a couple of months now, Apple has been rumored to be working on an Amazon Echo counterpart, the oft-mentioned Siri Speaker. Many are expecting the Cupertino company to unveil the said device during this year’s Worldwide Developers Conference in San Jose, CA. The event, which will take place on Monday, June 5, will be the first since 2013 to introduce a new device during the proceedings. Unfortunately, as exciting as it may sound, it seems like anyone hoping to acquire the Siri Speaker later this month will be in for a rude awakening. According to a recent report from Bloomberg, source close to Apple claims that the device will not be released until much later. Instead of the expected June release, consumers might have to wait until the last quarter of 2017. This is quite surprising since the alleged Siri Speaker is already in production at the moment. Right now, nobody knows why Apple has decided on the delay. Nonetheless, this could prove to be detrimental in terms of possible sales. Amazon Echo Show (via amazon.com) Amazon is expected to ship the Echo Show around the 28th of June. By missing the supposed release date for the Siri Speaker, Apple is effectively giving Amazon a free reign on the initial sales for the virtual assistant hardware. Until this point, not a lot of details are known about the rumored Siri device from Apple. The latest report from Bloomberg claims that, to beat the competition, the Siri Speaker offers far superior speakers with surround sound capabilities. Furthermore, the device will also have full integration with all of Apple’s products. Other than those information, nothing much has been revealed. It is still too soon to say whether the Siri Speaker will indeed be a hit even for hardcore Apple fans. A few years back, Apple has released a device with a slightly similar concept. However, due to steep pricing, the product was eventually pull from the market in about a year and a half. For more updates on the Siri Speaker, be sure to check us out at The Bitbag. Also read: New iPhone 8 Render Puts it Side-by-Side with Current iPhones and Galaxy S8 Apple Siri Speaker To Get Official Unveiling Next Week; To Be Released Much Later June 2nd, 2017Kiko Antonio Share Tweet Share Share Email Related Items:featured, release date, Siri Speaker Launch, specs Share Tweet Share Share Email Recommended for you Computex 2017: ASUS ROG Zephyrus – Ultra-Slim Gaming Laptop with GTX 1080 Max-Q Sony Xperia XZ Premium Going On Pre-Order Mid-June Microsoft Working Closely with Three OEMs for Snapdragon 835-powered Windows 10 Machine Product Vtin Over-The-Head Bluetooth Wireless Headset For Drivers NVidia GTX 1070 Razer Blade Stealth No Stick Shooter (App) Gears of War 4 Ultimate Edition Super Rude Bear Resurrection About the author Kiko Antonio A self-professed tech junkie who writes tech-related stories for TheBitBag. Loves traveling, reading, and making stuff. Full-time practicing Electronics Engineer. Featured NBA 2K18 Nintendo Switch Pre-Orders Live; Cover Athlete, Release Date, And Everything You Need To Know Civilization 6 DLC: Next Expansion Scheduled For July Naruto To Boruto Shinobi Striker: Character Classes Detailed NBA 2K18 Nintendo Switch Pre-Orders Live; Cover Athlete, Release Date, And Everything You Need To Know Every Bit Of News In One Dynamic Site: The Bitbag is your one-stop source of news, reviews, features, how-tos, and most relevant information on today?s hottest and most trending topics in the world of Tech, Social Media, Entertainment, and Lifestyle. So if you have anything you want discussed, or you?ve got a few hot tips to share, get in touch with us at contact@thebitbag.com. LATEST NEWS Civilization 6 DLC: Next Expansion Scheduled For July Civilization 6 Mac and Linux porter Aspyr Media has confirmed that a new update... Red Dead Redemption 2 Publisher On Microtransactions: ‘We Can’t Give Stuff Away For Free’ One of the most anticipated upcoming titles has to be Rockstar’s sequel to the... Far Cry 5 Won’t Be Controversial At Launch Ubisoft’s Far Cry 5 has definitely hit a sore spot on its audience as... Overwatch Horizon Space Colony Assault Map Easter Eggs: New Territories, Telescope Voice Lines, And More The new Horizon Space Colony map has just arrived on the Overwatch test servers... Monster Hunter XX Nintendo Switch: Everything We Know So Far Capcom had big news for Monster Hunter fans recently as it revealed that the... POPULAR TAGS featured Pokemon Go Apple Xbox 360 PS3 Microsoft android Xbox One Sony mobile gaming Nintendo Samsung iPhone google Pokemon ps4 Ubisoft Playstation 3 The Division no man's sky facebook iOS PC pokemon sun and moon EA Editors Pick playstation 4 fallout 4 Pokemon Go Update Overwatch Capcom Marvel Stephen Heller NBA 2k17 Blizzard iPhone 7 iPad Game of Thrones games PlayStation About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Meet The Team Copyright © 2017 - Tune Media. All right reserved. To Top
Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumour Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Contact Us The Bitbag Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumors Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Reviews Shop iPhone Apple Prepares to Ditch Qualcomm in Favor of Intel for The iPhone 8 By Kiko Antonio https://twitter.com/kikoTBB on June 2, 2017 11:39 AM Apple and Qualcomm are currently in a death’s embrace. Both companies have been firing lawsuits after lawsuits at each other for quite some time now. It is undeniable that the relationship has now been strained especially after one calling the other “unfair” and the other retaliating with an import ban. Now, rumor has it that Apple has gained a new ally with regards to the iPhone 8 that may spell disaster to Qualcomm. Over the past few years, Apple has been dependent on Qualcomm to provide its products for Apple’s range of mobile devices. These are mostly broadband or wireless modems used on most of the iPhones in the market. Last year, Qualcomm has controlled the majority of supplies for the iPhone’s modems. The other part of the spectrum was held by Intel, with its subpar chips. Last year, however, Digitimes reports that the supply for wireless modems will be split equally between Qualcomm and Intel. Furthermore, the report also mentioned that Apple is planning on giving Intel much of the supply percentage by 2018. This could potentially mean the end of Qualcomm modem’s inside the future iPhone and iPad devices. Alleged iPhone 8 mockup unit (by Benjamin Geskin) The only real reason that Apple chose Qualcomm is the fact that it has the better technology when it comes to wireless modems. However, since the release of Intel’s XMM 7560 LTE modem, this will soon change. This is because the said chip is capable of reaching a theoretical 1GB bandwidth. The recent counter lawsuits against each other has certainly not helped Qualcomm’s reputation in this regard. It should be noted that Apple, early this year, withheld almost $1 billion of royalties to Qualcomm on the basis of unfair monopoly. After that, Qualcomm fired with a counter lawsuit regarding patents that are used on the iPhones and has sought to get the said devices banned in the United States. Because the court has ruled in favor of Apple, a few companies have started following suit by not paying royalties to Qualcomm. This has infuriated Qualcomm which leads us to the current predicament. Unless Qualcomm does something drastic about the matter, it risks losing quite a big chunk if its earnings. For more tech update, be sure to check us out at The Bitbag. Also read: Microsoft Working Closely with Three OEMs for Snapdragon 835-powered Windows 10 Machine Apple Prepares to Ditch Qualcomm in Favor of Intel for The iPhone 8 June 2nd, 2017Kiko Antonio Share Tweet Share Share Email Related Items:featured, iPhone 8 wireless modem, Qualcomm vs Intel modem Share Tweet Share Share Email Product Gears of War 4 Ultimate Edition TOMOKO Mechanical Gaming Keyboard With 104 Keys Anti-Ghosting ASTRO A50 Wireless Headset + Base Station TOMOKO 87 Key Mechanical Keyboard, Water-Resistant Gaming Keyboard Ninite Overwatch About the author Kiko Antonio A self-professed tech junkie who writes tech-related stories for TheBitBag. Loves traveling, reading, and making stuff. Full-time practicing Electronics Engineer. Featured Dead By Daylight PS4 And Xbox One Launch Trailer Released; Special Edition Pre-Orders Announced Naruto To Boruto Shinobi Striker: Character Classes Detailed Overwatch: Why Hammond Isn’t The Next Hero Dead By Daylight PS4 And Xbox One Launch Trailer Released; Special Edition Pre-Orders Announced Every Bit Of News In One Dynamic Site: The Bitbag is your one-stop source of news, reviews, features, how-tos, and most relevant information on today?s hottest and most trending topics in the world of Tech, Social Media, Entertainment, and Lifestyle. So if you have anything you want discussed, or you?ve got a few hot tips to share, get in touch with us at contact@thebitbag.com. LATEST NEWS Red Dead Redemption 2 Publisher On Microtransactions: ‘We Can’t Give Stuff Away For Free’ One of the most anticipated upcoming titles has to be Rockstar’s sequel to the... Far Cry 5 Won’t Be Controversial At Launch Ubisoft’s Far Cry 5 has definitely hit a sore spot on its audience as... Overwatch Horizon Space Colony Assault Map Easter Eggs: New Territories, Telescope Voice Lines, And More The new Horizon Space Colony map has just arrived on the Overwatch test servers... Monster Hunter XX Nintendo Switch: Everything We Know So Far Capcom had big news for Monster Hunter fans recently as it revealed that the... Friday The 13th Game Xbox One Version Lacks Day One Patch, Bugs And Server Issues Plague Launch Gun Media’s Friday the 13th game Xbox One version still doesn’t have its day... POPULAR TAGS featured Pokemon Go Apple Xbox 360 PS3 Microsoft android Xbox One Sony mobile gaming Nintendo Samsung iPhone google Pokemon ps4 Ubisoft Playstation 3 The Division no man's sky facebook iOS PC pokemon sun and moon EA Editors Pick playstation 4 fallout 4 Pokemon Go Update Overwatch Capcom Marvel Stephen Heller NBA 2k17 Blizzard iPhone 7 iPad Game of Thrones games PlayStation About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Meet The Team Copyright © 2017 - Tune Media. All right reserved. To Top
Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions Investing Ideas Picks and Pans Mutual Funds/ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Barron's Take Advisor Center Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Penta Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Next sign out Customer Center Newsletters & Alerts What are you searching for? Search Join NowAll Sections Sign InSearch Home Magazine Investing Ideas Advisor Center Market Data Penta Next VIEW ALL SEARCH RESULTS This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com. http://www.barrons.com/articles/androids-creator-wants-to-shake-up-the-smartphone-industry-again-1496350792 Technology Android’s Creator Wants To Shake Up the Smartphone Industry. Again. Andy Rubin is responsible for the Android operating system. Now he’s hoping to make your phone’s hardware a little better. By Nicholas Jasinski June 1, 2017 4:59 p.m. ET Text Size Regular Medium Large Essential's Phone features a titanium body and an edge-to-edge display. Photo: Essential Phone Andy Rubin -- the creator of the world’s most popular smartphone software -- is looking for his next act. After creating the Android operating system, Rubin is trying to jump start hardware innovation. Get the best of Barron's Next every weekday. By signing up, I agree to the Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy. I'd like to receive updates and special offers from Dow Jones and affiliates. Email address is not valid. Agree to the policies to sign up. Subscribe Congratulations! You have been subscribed to our daily Barron’s Next newsletter Newsletters will start being sent to you within 48 hours. Review our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy. Rubin believes that smartphone makers like Apple and Samsung have lost their edge in recent years, and customers have paid the price. As the now-CEO of startup Essential Products, Rubin’s response is a sleek smartphone simply named Phone. “One of the reasons I started this company is because I would go into a store and I wasn’t happy with any of the phones out there,” Rubin said at recode’s Code Conference in California on Tuesday. With Apple and Samsung accounting for 56% of the US smartphone market today, according to Counterpoint Research, Rubin complains that innovation has become “lumpy.” Gone are the days when phone makers were trying to coax first-time buyers into making the smartphone leap by pushing out flashy new features in quick succession. “Every six months there’d be some new technology out there,” Rubin told the conference-goers. “There’d be a higher-res display, there’d be a 3D camera, there’d be a faster processor. And was really a great time when the consumer saw the innovation that was happening.” Today, however, most of the innovation happens at rich firms like Apple and Samsung. The pair each release a new flagship model every two years, with more minor tweaks in the off-years. “The innovation is still happening, but it’s happening in these much more lumpy cycles,” Rubin said. Rubin’s $699 Phone -- available for preorder online -- runs Android, features a titanium unibody frame, edge-to-edge display, fast processor, and an antenna that works with any mobile network. Rubin plans to roll out new features faster than the big guys thanks to a magnetic connector on the back of the device. That tweak will allow users to wirelessly connect a wide range of accessories, without having to buy a whole new phone. It will also let them keep their add-ons even if they upgrade to a newer Phone with a different shape. Remember what happened to your iPhone dock once Apple dropped its original 30-pin iPhone charger? Or what happened to your favorite headphones once the headphone jack disappeared? This is a “much more powerful way to get technology and innovation into consumers’ hands quicker,” Rubin said. The first accessory available for Essential’s Phone is a 360-degree camera that clips onto the back of the device and acts like an internal camera, no configuration required. The add-on is barely larger than your thumb. Rubin claims it’s the world’s smallest high-quality 360 camera. Essential is promising more accessories to come. Meanwhile, the company plans to make the connector open source, allowing third-party companies to sell their own add-ons. The Phone will be sold directly to consumers, but, according to BayStreet Research, more than 92% of U.S. phone buyers today buy their device through their mobile carrier, so Rubin might have a tough task getting the masses to buy in. Production volume will likely be low at first. But Rubin sees niche-status as another advantage over the likes of Apple. It allows Essential to experiment with technologies that might not yet be ready to produce at scale. If Apple wants to introduce a new feature to the iPhone, Rubin says, it has to be ready to ship 50 million of them over the next quarter. The Phone is unlikely to topple Apple or Samsung, but it could cause the two to pay more attention. Apple added a Smart Connector to its iPad Pro line two years ago, but it never really pushed the idea beyond a few keyboard accessories. In theory, the smart connector could behave in a way similar to Rubin’s new connector. To make his point, Rubin’s next act won’t have to take over the world. He just has to make your phone a little more exciting. More from Barron’s Next Why a T-Mobile Deal Could Happen Soon The One Number That Shows Trouble At Verizon When to Buy Airline Tickets to Get The Cheapest Fare Text Size Regular Medium Large Most Popular Under Armour’s New Retail Strategy Is Winning Fans Android vs. iOS: Are iPhones Really Safer? Android’s Creator Wants To Shake Up Smartphones With Its Earnings Debut, Can Canada Goose Take Flight? Join NowSign In Customer Center Membership Tools Also From Barron's Customer CenterCustomer CenterContact UsLive Help MembershipSubscribe to Barron'sActivate Your Digital AccessCollege Program ToolsEmail NewslettersVideo CenterWatchlist Also From Barron'sAdvertisingConferencesReprints Follow Us Download Barron’s Apps Apple iOSAndroid Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Your Ad Choices Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
Tim Cook: I asked Trump to stick with Paris climate deal 'but it - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Golf Social Stream EVENTS Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS The Insider Real Estate Election Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Golf Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Earth Day Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Tim Cook: I asked Trump to stick with Paris climate deal 'but it wasn't enough' Posted: Thursday, June 1, 2017 9:52 PM EDT Updated: Thursday, June 1, 2017 10:22 PM EDT By Selena Larson and Seth Fiegerman SAN FRANCISCO (CNNMoney) -- Apple CEO Tim Cook says he tried to talk President Trump into keeping the U.S. in the Paris climate accord but "it wasn't enough." In a memo to Apple employees Thursday afternoon, Cook expressed his disappointment with Trump's decision to pull out of the global agreement. "I want to reassure you that today's developments will have no impact on Apple's efforts to protect the environment," Cook wrote in the message, which was obtained by CNN. "We power nearly all of our operations with renewable energy, which we believe is an example of something that's good for our planet and makes good business sense as well." Cook joins a growing chorus of business and Silicon Valley executives panning the president's decision to pull the U.S. out of the accord. Earlier on Thursday, Tesla and SpaceX CEO Elon Musk quit two of the president's business advisory councils after Trump announced his decision. According to a March report in the Washington Post, Cook is working with the White House Office of American Innovation. Apple did not comment on whether Cook would continue working with this group. On Twitter, Cook further criticized Trump's move, tweeting: "Decision to withdraw from the #ParisAgreeement was wrong for our planet. Apple is committed to fight climate change and we will never waver." In his memo to employees, Cook said he spoke to Trump on Tuesday to try to persuade him to keep the U.S. in the Paris deal. Other tech executives including Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg and Google CEO Sundar Pichai have also expressed disappointment in the decision and reiterated their commitment to sustainable technologies. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
recommend.my - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Kuala Lumpur 31°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Apple’s Cook says disappointed in US exit from climate pact Friday June 2, 2017 09:57 AM GMT+8 ICYMI US cities and states defy Trump, embrace climate pact Airbnb: Kg Baru one of the world’s top trending neighbourhoods The Edit: Cuban artists sing to the Beatles in Havana The Edit: New research suggests that tea benefits women the most Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Apple CEO Tim Cook at the China Development Forum in Beijing, China March 18, 2017. — Reuters picSAN FRANCISCO, June 2 — Apple Inc Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook told employees he is disappointed US President Donald Trump chose to pull the country from the Paris climate accords even as he tried to persuade the president to remain in the agreement. “Climate change is real and we all share a responsibility to fight it,” Cook told employees yesterday in a letter obtained by Bloomberg News. “I know many of you share my disappointment with the White House’s decision.” Cook, who said he spoke with the president Tuesday, joined business leaders from Goldman Sachs Group Inc to Walt Disney Co who criticised Trump’s decision to leave the agreement, which acknowledges the threat of climate change and lays out measures to limit global temperature increases. Trump said the pact favours other nations at the expense of American workers. Apple gets about 96 per cent of its energy from renewable sources such as wind and solar, it said in April, and seven of its suppliers have committed to using solely renewable sources to power their operations. “I want to reassure you that today’s developments will have no impact on Apple’s efforts to protect the environment,” Cook said in the letter. “We’re going to keep working with our suppliers to help them do more to power their businesses with clean energy.” — Bloomberg                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Ringgit opens higher against US dollar Chinese billionaires clash over Alibaba's parcel deliveries Bursa opens higher, tracking Wall Street gains Linde, Praxair agree US$73b merger to create global gases leader Automakers stuck with no-win US market as consumers step back EPF investment income jumps 73.9pc to RM11.79b in 2017 first quarter Ringgit jumps on Opec, yuan at three-month high, other Asian currencies drift 1MDB probe: MAS fines Credit Suisse, UOB, seeks more trading bans (VIDEO) AirAsia's Fernandes says 'foolish' not to consider C919 (VIDEO) Meet Li Shufu, the man who dared buy Proton Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: One Direction's Styles tops Billboard with solo album Reuters Video: Francois Ozon's 'L'Amant Double' shocks at Cannes Reuters Video: With rave reviews, 'Wonder Woman' readies to launch Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Reuters Video: Thai man murders baby, commits suicide on Facebook Live Tilda Swinton unveils strange ‘Okja’ promo clip Related Articles Musk leads CEOs’ full-court Paris press as Trump weighs exit Trump promises climate decision next week after G7 stalemate (VIDEO) Apple products too many for a table but still add growth Apple to create US$1b advanced US manufacturing fund Paris accord could make the world US$19t richer Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | recommend.my - Local Services
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Tim Cook: I asked Trump to stick with Paris climate deal ‘but it wasn’t enough’ Tim Cook: I asked Trump to stick with Paris climate deal ‘but it wasn’t enough’ Posted on Thursday, June 1, 2017 by CNN in Business News Apple CEO Tim Cook says he tried to talk President Trump into keeping the U.S. in the Paris climate accord but “it wasn’t enough.” In a memo to Apple employees Thursday afternoon, Cook expressed his disappointment with Trump’s decision to pull out of the global agreement. “I want to reassure you that today’s developments will have no impact on Apple’s efforts to protect the environment,” Cook wrote in the message, which was obtained by CNN. “We power nearly all of our operations with renewable energy, which we believe is an example of something that’s good for our planet and makes good business sense as well.” Cook joins a growing chorus of business and Silicon Valley executives panning the president’s decision to pull the U.S. out of the accord. Earlier on Thursday, Tesla and SpaceX CEO Elon Musk quit two of the president’s business advisory councils after Trump announced his decision. According to a March report in the Washington Post, Cook is working with the White House Office of American Innovation. Apple did not comment on whether Cook would continue working with this group. On Twitter, Cook further criticized Trump’s move, saying that the “decision to withdraw from the #ParisAgreeement was wrong for our planet.” In his memo to employees, Cook said he spoke to Trump on Tuesday to try to persuade him to keep the U.S. in the Paris deal. Other tech executives including Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg and Google CEO Sundar Pichai have also expressed disappointment with Trump’s decision and reiterated their commitment to sustainable technologies. The real story behind Trump's claim that Paris would kill 2.7 million jobs Related Posts McDonald’s supplier fired for alleged animal abuse Is Hillary Clinton tweet a sell signal for biotech? The world’s new planes in 2017 Giant cable merger cleared by regulators Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Login All Reviews Editorials News Apple Decks Out McEnry Convention Center for WWDC 2017 Apple Opens Up Swift Playgrounds to Drones, Robots, Musical Instruments: LEGO MINDSTORMS, Sphero, Parrot More Geeky Gifts for Dads and Grads Tips Safari: How to Check for Malicious Extensions How to Set Up iCloud Calendar for Alexa Podcasts Apple's Big WWDC Keynote Plans, Siri Speaker vs Sonos - TMO Daily Observations 2017-06-01 Carpool Karaoke on Apple Music Is Good, Woz Is Cool, AI Chips Are Important - ACM 413 View All Results → macOS: Speedifier Lets You Control Video Speed In Safari Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! View All Reviews → Monday's Apple WWDC Keynote Just Got Even More Exciting How AIs, like Siri, Could Become Our Proxy Shoppers Apple Could Own Device-Centric AI with Custom Chip The Touchbar MacBook Pro is a Disposable Embarrassment Dr. Mac's Gifts for Dads and Grads 2017 View All Editorials → Apple Decks Out McEnry Convention Center for WWDC 2017 Jeff Gamet @jgamet · +Jeff Gamet 1 minute read Jun 1st, 2017 7:59 PM EDT | News Apple is hard at work taking care of the final details before next week’s Worldwide Developer Conference, and as of Thursday afternoon that includes signage outside the McEnery Convention Center. Banners and street post signs are going up on and around the convention center in San Jose, which means it’ll be pretty hard to miss when developers start flooding in. WWDC banners going up at McEnery Convention Center in San Jose Photos of Apple’s handiwork are popping up on Twitter. The first we found came from Code Cadets and they show the same cartoon-style top down view of a crowd of developers, just like the graphic on the Apple Developer website. WWDC runs from June 4th through June 10th at the McEnery Convention Center in San Jose California. The event will kick off Monday morning with a keynote event where Apple is expected to show previews of macOS 10.13, iOS 11, watchOS 4, and tvOS 11. Setup in progress for #WWDC17 pic.twitter.com/WFcydwmOkK — Code Cadets (@CodeCadets) June 1, 2017 Rumors also say Apple will unveil updated Touch Bar MacBook Pro models, a 10.5-inch iPad Pro, and the Siri Speaker voice-controlled assistant appliance. The Mac Observer will be on location in San Jose covering Apple’s announcements, so be sure to follow along with our news and analysis. Listen in, too, with out TMO Daily Observations, Apple Context Machine, and Mac Geek Gab podcasts. The Mac Observer's WWDC 2017 coverage sponsored by: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Print Tumblr Tags: developers, McEnery Convention Center, WWDC, wwdc2017 You might also like… Get Free Bitcoins from 23 Faucets That Pay The Touchbar MacBook Pro is a Disposable Embarrassment The 5 Best PC Motherboards for Creating a Hackintosh The 5 Best Hackintosh Graphics Cards Apple’s Rumored Siri Speaker Targets Sonos, Too Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Monday's Apple WWDC Keynote Just Got Even More Exciting Bryan Chaffin | June 1, 2017 Why Apple's WWDC Event is Even More Important in 2017 John Martellaro | June 1, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Are you the Resident Geek for your friends, family and co-workers? If so, you might enjoy hanging out with other like-minded folks on the Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group. Come join the fun! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $153.18 +0.42 (0.27%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Apple Decks Out McEnry Convention Center for WWDC 2017 Apple Opens Up Swift Playgrounds to Drones, Robots, Musical Instruments: LEGO MINDSTORMS, Sphero, Parrot More Geeky Gifts for Dads and Grads Plex Adds Live TV Viewing to iPhone, iPad Apple's Developer Payouts Top $70 Billion Recent Tips See All » Safari: How to Check for Malicious Extensions How to Set Up iCloud Calendar for Alexa The 5 Best Hackintosh Graphics Cards macOS: Archiving Old Contacts Get Free Bitcoins from 23 Faucets That Pay Recent Editorials See All » Monday's Apple WWDC Keynote Just Got Even More Exciting Why Apple's WWDC Event is Even More Important in 2017 A Bezel-less iPhone 8 Will Change How Photos Look Apple’s Rumored Siri Speaker Targets Sonos, Too How AIs, like Siri, Could Become Our Proxy Shoppers 18243 Jeff Gamet news 0 1496347185 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
Login All Reviews Editorials News Apple Decks Out McEnry Convention Center for WWDC 2017 Apple Opens Up Swift Playgrounds to Drones, Robots, Musical Instruments: LEGO MINDSTORMS, Sphero, Parrot More Geeky Gifts for Dads and Grads Tips Safari: How to Check for Malicious Extensions How to Set Up iCloud Calendar for Alexa Podcasts Apple's Big WWDC Keynote Plans, Siri Speaker vs Sonos - TMO Daily Observations 2017-06-01 Carpool Karaoke on Apple Music Is Good, Woz Is Cool, AI Chips Are Important - ACM 413 View All Results → macOS: Speedifier Lets You Control Video Speed In Safari Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! View All Reviews → Monday's Apple WWDC Keynote Just Got Even More Exciting How AIs, like Siri, Could Become Our Proxy Shoppers Apple Could Own Device-Centric AI with Custom Chip The Touchbar MacBook Pro is a Disposable Embarrassment Dr. Mac's Gifts for Dads and Grads 2017 View All Editorials → Apple Opens Up Swift Playgrounds to Drones, Robots, Musical Instruments: LEGO MINDSTORMS, Sphero, Parrot Bryan Chaffin @TMOBryan · +Bryan Chaffin 1 minute read Jun 1st, 2017 5:18 PM EDT | Product News Apple announced Thursday that Swift Playgrounds will soon be able to control Bluetooth-enabled Drones, Robots, and musical instruments. To make it clear Apple is serious about these features, the company said Swift Playgrounds 1.5 will support LEGO MINDSTORMS Education EV3, Sphero SPRK+, and Parrot drones. Apple said it will release Swift Playgrounds 1.5 on Monday, June 5th. That’s the day the company kicks off its annual World Wide Developer Conference (WWDC). Elephant Built with LEGO MINDSTORMS Swift Playgrounds Swift Playgrounds is Apple’s educational coding environment. Aimed at kids—but usable by everyone—Playgrounds teaches users to code in Swift using a playground metaphor. “More than 1 million kids and adults from around the world are already using Swift Playgrounds to learn the fundamentals of coding with Swift in a fun and interactive way,” Apple senior vice president of Software Engineering Craig Federighi said in a statement. “Now they can instantly see the code they create and directly control their favorite robots, drones and instruments through Swift Playgrounds. It’s an incredibly exciting and powerful way to learn.” Until today, Playgrounds was focused solely on making apps. The ability to control external devices like drones, robots, and musical instruments opens the software—and Apple iPads—to a greater role in maker spaces and other STEM/STEAM education environments. The Cool Stuff LEGO MINDSTORMS Education EV3 and the Sphero SPRK+ are commonly used to facilitate STEM lesson and teach early coding. The ability to control these platforms through Playgrounds will add enormous value to iPad for schools with such programs. With Parrot’s Mambo, Airborne and Rolling Spider drones, users will be able to make them take off, land, turn and perform aerial figures like flips, all using code developed in Playgrounds. Other products in the announcement include UBTECH’s Jimu Robot MeeBot Kit, Dash by Wonder Workshop, and Skoogmusic Skoog 2.0. The Big Picture This is an important development for Apple in the education market. The company is besieged by cheap Chromebooks and an ever-more competent Microsoft, including Surface tablets. The ability to control third-party platforms is going to vastly increase iPad’s value to schools with these education programs. The Mac Observer's WWDC 2017 coverage sponsored by: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Print Tumblr Tags: Apple, LEGO, Parrot, Sphero, Swift, Swift Playgrounds, WWDC, wwdc2017 You might also like… Get Free Bitcoins from 23 Faucets That Pay The Touchbar MacBook Pro is a Disposable Embarrassment The 5 Best PC Motherboards for Creating a Hackintosh The 5 Best Hackintosh Graphics Cards Apple’s Rumored Siri Speaker Targets Sonos, Too Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Monday's Apple WWDC Keynote Just Got Even More Exciting Bryan Chaffin | June 1, 2017 Why Apple's WWDC Event is Even More Important in 2017 John Martellaro | June 1, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Are you the Resident Geek for your friends, family and co-workers? If so, you might enjoy hanging out with other like-minded folks on the Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group. Come join the fun! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $153.18 +0.42 (0.27%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Apple Decks Out McEnry Convention Center for WWDC 2017 Apple Opens Up Swift Playgrounds to Drones, Robots, Musical Instruments: LEGO MINDSTORMS, Sphero, Parrot More Geeky Gifts for Dads and Grads Plex Adds Live TV Viewing to iPhone, iPad Apple's Developer Payouts Top $70 Billion Recent Tips See All » Safari: How to Check for Malicious Extensions How to Set Up iCloud Calendar for Alexa The 5 Best Hackintosh Graphics Cards macOS: Archiving Old Contacts Get Free Bitcoins from 23 Faucets That Pay Recent Editorials See All » Monday's Apple WWDC Keynote Just Got Even More Exciting Why Apple's WWDC Event is Even More Important in 2017 A Bezel-less iPhone 8 Will Change How Photos Look Apple’s Rumored Siri Speaker Targets Sonos, Too How AIs, like Siri, Could Become Our Proxy Shoppers 18233 Bryan Chaffin news 0 1496337512 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News open Business open Opinion open Sports open High School Sports open Entertainment open Obituaries open Jobs open Autos Real Estate open Classifieds open FIND&SAVE open Photos & Videos open Follow Us open Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community open Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business open Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges open Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports open More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Girls Volleyball Wrestling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Baseball Softball Off Season Sports open Back to Main Menu Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar open Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining open Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources open Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus This Is Alabama on Instagram See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Enter City and State or Zip Code Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Alabama Change Region Real-Time News from AL.com Tim Cook 'not enough' to stop Trump from pulling out of Paris accord Updated on June 1, 2017 at 9:01 PM Posted on June 1, 2017 at 8:40 PM Apple CEO Tim Cook (File) Apple CEO Tim Cook (File) By Leada Gore lgore@al.com Apple CEO and Alabama native Tim Cook joined a chorus of executives who tried to discourage President Donald Trump from pulling the United States out of the Paris climate accord. But, as the Auburn alum wrote in a memo to Apple employees, Cook's pleas weren't enough to change the president's mind. The memo, obtained by CNBC, was sent to Apple employees after Trump announced the US was exiting the agreement, signed by former President Obama in 2015. The accord included plans to reduce greenhouse emissions and pledged billions to combat climate change in the U.S. and developing countries. Trump said the deal was bad for U.S. businesses and interests. "The Paris Accord is bad deal for Americans, and the President's action today is keeping his campaign promise to put American workers first," the White House said in announcement. In his memo, Cook said he was disappointed with the Trump administration's decision. "I spoke with President Trump on Tuesday and tried to persuade him to keep the U.S. in the agreement. But it wasn't enough," Cook said. Here is the complete text of Cook's memo: Team, I know many of you share my disappointment with the White House's decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate agreement. I spoke with President Trump on Tuesday and tried to persuade him to keep the U.S. in the agreement. But it wasn't enough. Climate change is real and we all share a responsibility to fight it. I want to reassure you that today's developments will have no impact on Apple's efforts to protect the environment. We power nearly all of our operations with renewable energy, which we believe is an example of something that's good for our planet and makes good business sense as well. We will keep working toward the ambitious goals of a closed-loop supply chain, and to eventually stop mining new materials altogether. Of course, we're going to keep working with our suppliers to help them do more to power their businesses with clean energy. And we will keep challenging ourselves to do even more. Knowing the good work that we and countless others around the world are doing, there are plenty of reasons to be optimistic about our planet's future. Our mission has always been to leave the world better than we found it. We will never waver, because we know that future generations depend on us. Your work is as important today as it has ever been. Thank you for your commitment to making a difference every single day. Tim             One hundred ninety-four countries signed the original Paris agreement; two - Nicaragua and Syria - did not. View Comments About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
SiliconValley.com Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS   Social Web Mobile Cloud Gadgets Cleantech VC Data Games Policy Media   Apple Music’s ‘Carpool Karaoke’ to premiere on August 8 By Seung Lee / May 31, 2017 at 9:07 AM Apple Music’s first original show now has an official premiere date. After pushing back the release date from April to “later this year,” Apple announced on Tuesday that “Carpool Karaoke: The Series” will be released on August 8. Apple Music executive Eddy Cue confirmed the release date on his Twitter account. Excited to roll out #CarpoolKaraoke: The Series on @AppleMusic — Coming August 8! — Eddy Cue (@cue) May 30, 2017 “Carpool Karaoke” is a spin-off from the same popular segment of the CBS late-night show “The Late Late Show with James Corden,” in which Corden drives with a celebrity while singing along to popular songs. Corden will be an executive producer of the Apple show and star in several episodes with LeBron James and Will Smith. But he will not be the regular host of the spin-off and will continue doing the segment in his own show. James Corden and LeBron James will be on one “Carpool Karaoke: The Series” episode together. (Courtesy Apple) Instead, a diverse rotation of celebrities will appear for one episode and do activities not limited to singing aloud in their cars for the half-hour episodes. Alicia Keys, John Legend and Miley Cyrus are a few names who will star in the first season. A new episode will come out every Tuesday after August 8. “The show will feature many of today’s biggest names in music, television, film, sports and pop culture buckling up and belting out their favorite songs for a road trip filled with comedy, conversation and music,” said Apple in a press release. “Carpool Karaoke” is part of a push from Apple to enter the original content producing game already dominated by Netflix and HBO. Apple is also working on “Planet of the Apps,” a “Shark Tank”-like reality television show in which developers pitching their app ideas to celebrities for funding and fame — also provided solely to Apple Music subscribers. “We’re trying to do things that are unique and cultural,” said Cue at the Code Media conference about Apple’s foray into television in February. “We think we have a real opportunity in the TV space to do that with Apple Music and shows, and the things we’re trying to do aren’t being done by anybody else.”   Photo: John Legend and Alicia Keys will be among the celebrities featured in Apple Music’s “Carpool Karaoke: The Series.” (Courtesy Apple) Share this: Email Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Reddit Google More Pinterest Tumblr   Tags: Apple Music, Carpool Karaoke, Eddy Cue, Netflix   More Posts in Media and Entertainment PayPal sues Pandora over new similar logo, mocks its struggling business model May 23, 2017   Ashes to… space? On a SpaceX rocket? May 17, 2017   A tale of two Johns: Johnny Depp to take on role of John McAfee May 15, 2017       Share this Post Tweet               Tweets from @siliconbeat/siliconbeat   Popular Posts Yahoo to spend $100 million on $4.48 billion Verizon sale Google CEO Sundar Pichai owns estimated half-billion dollars On topic: Tech news to know now Tim Cook, Silicon Valley CEOs urge Trump to stay in Paris… Young blood: This startup is fighting aging with…     Archives Archives Select Month June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005   Related Feeds 60-Second Business Break Green Energy News Opinion Personal Tech Venture Capital   About SiliconBeat Sign up for the Good Morning Silicon Valley newsletter                       Education WordPress Theme by Copyright © 2017 Bay Area News Group. All Rights Reserved   Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Weather Your 4-day local weather forecast Friday June 2, 2017 News Local News Larger / SmallerNight Mode WEED ALERT: Tropical Soda Apple 2 Jun 2017, 10:57 a.m. Local land managers in the Bellingen Shire LGA are being called on to look out for the possibility of new incursions of one of the states most wanted weeds after a recent discovery of a third location of this highly invasive plant in Bellingen. Tropical Soda Apple. Local Business Local land managers in the Bellingen Shire LGA are being called on to look out for the possibility of new incursions of one of the state's most wanted weeds after a recent discovery of a third location of this highly invasive plant in Bellingen. Tropical Soda Apple (TSA) is an aggressive upright shrub 1-2m high with broad straight cream coloured spikes, 12mm long covering most parts of the plant. Flowers are white but the key identifying feature is the fruit which has a green watermelon like appearance when young and a bright yellow look when mature, each containing up to 600 highly viable seeds. Two other plants which are similar and can wreak havoc on our natural areas and pastoral properties are Giant Devils Fig (Solanum chrysotrichum) and Devils Fig (Solanum torvum) where the first known infestations in the Shire were notified to Council through a diligent landholder. This has prompted Council to plan inspections around the Thora area where the plants were located to assist landholders in education and eradication prior to the plants becoming widespread pests. The plant most commonly mistaken for TSA is Devils apple (Solanum capsicoides), however the key differing feature of this plant are its fruits which are orange to red coloured when mature. Although the spikes on TSA are a deterrent for livestock, the fruits are sweet and cattle smell them out to eat, making them a major vector in the spread of TSA. Cattle owners are urged to hold new cattle for 7 days in an area that can be checked for seedlings. TSA seeds are very sticky therefore can spread by machinery, birds, mammals and pest animals. The plant can also spread from vegetative matter. Heavy infestations of TSA are typically found in floodplain areas. The TSA fruits float easily and can move across large areas during floods. This makes the recent floods in March 2017 a major concern as new infestations may be found throughout the Bellinger Valley. “Following the recent flooding and location of a new TSA infestation in Bellingen, Council encourages all landholders to assess their property and to advise Council if they suspect they have located any infestations of TSA,” General Manager, Liz Jeremy said. “Council needs the assistance of the public in the reporting on this Class 1 Noxious weed, which has detrimental and costly outcomes for all landholders and property owners, as has been witnessed in surrounding areas of the North Coast, and it is only with sheer diligence that this can be achieved.” Since Tropical Soda Apple was discovered in Bellingen Shire, Council has been working hard with landholders and key stakeholders keep our shire free of this highly invasive plant that can form extensive pure stands and are very difficult to control as all fruits need to be collected and deep buried before control is implemented on the infestation. For more information regarding weed management please contact Council’s Invasive Plants Officer on 6655 7300. Local Business Latest News Sun and southerlies | live radar Sun and southerlies | live radar Koalas in need of their park Fabulous futsal results for Bello Your favourite fishing photos Editor's Picks Popular Multimedia +more multimedia stories Photos Video Interactive Your favourite fishing photos Our readers love their fishing and here are the photos to prove it. Fairfax Front Pages:​ Thursday, June 1, 2017 NATIONAL: The Fairfax front pages from across the nation. This is table tennis We know it as ping pong. These athletes play table tennis. Whale rescue off Indian Head | Video A juvenile humpback whale became tangled in rope on Tuesday morning in waters off Crowdy Bay National Parks. Contact Us About Us Advertising Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright © 2017. Fairfax Media. Fairfax Media Front Page News Loading... Sport Loading... Opinion Loading... Community Loading... Life & Style Loading... Entertainment Loading... Classifieds Loading... Multimedia Loading... Front Page News Local News Latest News National World Business Politics Regional Focus Rural Local Property Breaking the Ice Sport Local Sport NRL AFL Tournament NRL Tipping Opinion Editorial Letters Blogs Polls Community Events Photo Sales Business Listings Local Business Feature Forms Special Publications Life & Style Education Food & Wine Health Home & Garden Money Parenting Pets & Animals Relationships Technology Travel Women Entertainment Books Celebrity Games Sudoku TV & Movies TV Guide Classifieds Real Estate Jobs Cars Notices Place a Classifieds Ad Ag and Rural Tributes Multimedia Photos Video Interactive Search NewsBusiness Smartphone Tablet - Narrow Tablet - Wide Desktop
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Iconic Tour CNBC Disruptor 50 Lasting Legacy Modern Medicine Portfolio Perspective College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Tech Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Cybersecurity Tech Guide Apple CEO Tim Cook slams US decision to withdraw from climate deal, says he tried to convince Trump otherwise Tim Cook wrote to staff to express disappointment on the U.S. decision to withdraw from the Paris agreement. Cook said fighting climate change was a shared responsibility for everyone. He reiterated Apple's commitment to protect the environment. Saheli Roy Choudhury | @sahelirc 6 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES After President Donald Trump said Thursday that the United States will withdraw from the landmark Paris climate agreement, Apple CEO Tim Cook expressed his disappointment with the decision. In an email to employees, which was obtained by CNBC, Cook said he had tried to push Trump prior to the decision to keep the U.S. in the agreement. Stephen Lam | Getty Images Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks during a product launch event on October 27, 2016, in Cupertino, California. "I spoke with President Trump on Tuesday and tried to persuade him to keep the U.S. in the agreement. But it wasn't enough," Cook wrote. He added in the email that climate change was real and that everyone had a shared responsibility to fight it. He assured employees that Thursday's decision will not affect Apple's commitments to protect the environment. "We power nearly all of our operations with renewable energy, which we believe is an example of something that's good for our planet and makes good business sense as well." Cook also called the White House decision "wrong for our planet" in a post on Twitter. Tim Cook tweet: Decision to withdraw from the #ParisAgreeement was wrong for our planet. Apple is committed to fight climate change and we will never waver. Cook is not the only business leader to have expressed disappointment or disagree with Trump's decision. Earlier, Tesla and SpaceX CEO Elon Musk said he will leave his positions on three presidential councils. Disney CEO Robert Iger also said he quit the White House's business advisory council over the decision. Goldman Sachs CEO, Lloyd Blankfein, also criticized the decision on Twitter. After pulling the U.S. out from the climate agreement, Trump said he would start talks to re-enter the accord with what he called a more "fair" deal, but the president was immediately rebuked by several European governments. Here's the full excerpt of Cook's email. Team, I know many of you share my disappointment with the White House's decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate agreement. I spoke with President Trump on Tuesday and tried to persuade him to keep the U.S. in the agreement. But it wasn't enough. Climate change is real and we all share a responsibility to fight it. I want to reassure you that today's developments will have no impact on Apple's efforts to protect the environment. We power nearly all of our operations with renewable energy, which we believe is an example of something that's good for our planet and makes good business sense as well. We will keep working toward the ambitious goals of a closed-loop supply chain, and to eventually stop mining new materials altogether. Of course, we're going to keep working with our suppliers to help them do more to power their businesses with clean energy. And we will keep challenging ourselves to do even more. Knowing the good work that we and countless others around the world are doing, there are plenty of reasons to be optimistic about our planet's future. Our mission has always been to leave the world better than we found it. We will never waver, because we know that future generations depend on us. Your work is as important today as it has ever been. Thank you for your commitment to making a difference every single day. Tim — CNBC's Tom DiChristopher and Jacob Pramuk contributed to this report. Saheli Roy ChoudhuryReporter, CNBC.com Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change AAPL ---
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: How Apple can put the ‘Pro’ in the iPad Pro [Video] Trending in Apple Poll: Will you buy the iPhone 8 with or without embedded Touch ID, or will you wait? Trending in Apple Opinion: Is Microsoft leading Apple in PC innovation, or is it all gimmickry? Trending in Apple Comment: Google and ASUS provide a glimpse of the AR features we might see in the iPhone 8 Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Yesterday AAPL: 153.18 0.42 Tim Cook slams Trump’s decision to withdraw from Paris climate pact in company-wide email Chance Miller - Jun. 1st 2017 5:14 pm PT @ChanceHMiller Tim Cook President Donald Trump View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Earlier this week, it was reported that Apple CEO Tim Cook was among a handful of influential executives urging President Trump to remain in the Paris climate accord. Despite pleas from Cook and others, however, President Trump today announced that the United States will withdraw from the pact, marking a blow to climate change efforts. In wake of Trump’s announcement, Tim Cook has sent an email to Apple staff reiterating the company’s stance on climate change and slamming the president’s decision… Spigen TEKA RA200 Airpods Earhooks Cover In the email, obtained by Axios, Cook acknowledges that he spoke with President Trump earlier this week in an attempt to persuade him to remain in the Paris climate pact, but to no avail. I know many of you share my disappointment with the White House’s decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate agreement. I spoke with President Trump on Tuesday and tried to persuade him to keep the U.S. in the agreement. But it wasn’t enough. Cook explains that Apple will continue its own efforts to protect the environment, as they are good for both the planet and Apple’s business. Furthermore, Cook says that Apple will continue working towards a closed-loop supply chain and to stop mining the earth altogether, an effort first announced earlier this year. The email sends the message loud and clear that climate change is real and is a principle held dear to Apple’s core values. Tim Cook reiterates that Apple operates with the idea of leaving the world better than it was found. Our mission has always been to leave the world better than we found it. We will never waver, because we know that future generations depend on us. This isn’t the first time Cook has used an internal email to address a policy from the Trump Administration. Following Trump’s immigration ban earlier this year, Cook sent an email declaring the policy something Apple did not support. The full text of the email, obtained by Axios, can be read below. Team, I know many of you share my disappointment with the White House’s decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate agreement. I spoke with President Trump on Tuesday and tried to persuade him to keep the U.S. in the agreement. But it wasn’t enough. Climate change is real and we all share a responsibility to fight it. I want to reassure you that today’s developments will have no impact on Apple’s efforts to protect the environment. We power nearly all of our operations with renewable energy, which we believe is an example of something that’s good for our planet and makes good business sense as well. We will keep working toward the ambitious goals of a closed-loop supply chain, and to eventually stop mining new materials altogether. Of course, we’re going to keep working with our suppliers to help them do more to power their businesses with clean energy. And we will keep challenging ourselves to do even more. Knowing the good work that we and countless others around the world are doing, there are plenty of reasons to be optimistic about our planet’s future. Our mission has always been to leave the world better than we found it. We will never waver, because we know that future generations depend on us. Your work is as important today as it has ever been. Thank you for your commitment to making a difference every single day. Tim Chance Miller @ChanceHMiller Chance covers Apple for 9to5Mac and contributes to 9to5Google, Electrek, and 9to5Toys. He runs the weekly EduTech series. Tips, questions, typos to chance@9to5mac.com Favorite Gear Pioneer AppRadio 4 with CarPlay Dyson AM07 Tower Fan Levin 10-Port USB Charging Station Dock Guides Tim Cook The CEO of Apple View THe Guide President Donald Trump View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple’s WWDC returns to San Jose June 5-9, 2017 Cupertino, California — Apple today announced its 28th annual Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) — hosting the world’s most talented developer community — will be held at the McEnery Convention Center in San Jose. The conference, kicking off June 5, will inspire developers from all walks of life to turn their passions into the next great innovations and apps that customers use every day across iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch, Apple TV and Mac. Each year during WWDC, millions of talented developers around the world learn about Apple’s breakthrough platform technologies ranging from programming languages like Swift to breakthrough developer APIs like SiriKit, HomeKit, HealthKit and CarPlay. These Apple technologies inspire developers to continue creating incredible experiences for every aspect of customers’ lives and improve the way they manage their smart homes, cars, health and more for over one billion active Apple devices. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Reports Record First Quarter Results Next PostNext Apple Park opens to employees in April Search Recent Posts Geospatial Corporation (GSPH: OTCQB) | Company Video Propanc Biopharma, Inc. (PPCH: OTCQB) | Symbol Change Organigram Holdings, Inc. (OGRMF: OTCQB) | Organigram Completes Acquisition of Trauma Healing Centers First Cobalt Corp (FTSSF: OTCQB) | First Cobalt Announces Option Grant Kenergy Scientific Inc. (KNSC: OTC Pink Limited) | Attorney Letter with Respect to Current Information Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Watch band offerings expand for spring 2017 Today, Apple introduced a new lineup of fresh and bright band colors that give customers more opportunity than ever to personalize and customize their Apple Watch. Highlights for the season include a wide stripe Woven Nylon band, standalone Nike Sport Bands and beautifully crafted Apple Watch Hermès bands in striking new colors. All-new bands are available to order today from apple.com and for purchase at select Apple Stores, Apple Authorized Resellers and carriers in late March. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUPDATE Post navigation Previous PostPrevious New 9.7-inch iPad features stunning Retina display and incredible performance Next PostNext Raising the bar: Apple’s 11th annual Supplier Responsibility progress report released Search Recent Posts Geospatial Corporation (GSPH: OTCQB) | Company Video Propanc Biopharma, Inc. (PPCH: OTCQB) | Symbol Change Organigram Holdings, Inc. (OGRMF: OTCQB) | Organigram Completes Acquisition of Trauma Healing Centers First Cobalt Corp (FTSSF: OTCQB) | First Cobalt Announces Option Grant Kenergy Scientific Inc. (KNSC: OTC Pink Limited) | Attorney Letter with Respect to Current Information Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Raising the bar: Apple’s 11th annual Supplier Responsibility progress report released Apple’s responsible sourcing efforts expanded beyond conflict minerals to include cobalt for the first time. For the second year in a row, 100% of Apple’s tin, tungsten, tantalum, and gold (3TG) smelters and refiners are participating in independent third-party audits. Apple has also partnered with numerous NGOs to drive positive change on the ground, including Pact, who are working to provide essential health and safety training to artisanal mining and building programs to help children stay in school. In 2016, Apple trained more than 2.4 million workers on their rights as employees. Since 2008, over 2 million people have participated in Apple’s Supplier Employee Education and Development (SEED) program. It offers opportunities to earn higher education degrees, attend vocational training, and take classes in arts, finance and language skills. To learn more about Apple’s progress, go to apple.com/supplier-responsibility. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUPDATE Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Watch band offerings expand for spring 2017 Next PostNext Apple takes supplier clean energy program to Japan Search Recent Posts Geospatial Corporation (GSPH: OTCQB) | Company Video Propanc Biopharma, Inc. (PPCH: OTCQB) | Symbol Change Organigram Holdings, Inc. (OGRMF: OTCQB) | Organigram Completes Acquisition of Trauma Healing Centers First Cobalt Corp (FTSSF: OTCQB) | First Cobalt Announces Option Grant Kenergy Scientific Inc. (KNSC: OTC Pink Limited) | Attorney Letter with Respect to Current Information Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple takes supplier clean energy program to Japan Ibiden’s products help bring together the integrated circuitry and chip packages in Apple devices. Their renewable energy projects will produce over 12 MW of solar power — more than the energy they need for Apple manufacturing — and support Japan’s nationwide efforts to limit its carbon emissions. “These innovative new clean energy investments demonstrate our commitment to doing business responsibly and economically,” said Kyoichi Yamanaka, Managing Director of Ibiden’s Environment Group. “Our products help Apple devices run smarter, and now we’re powering our operations with smarter energy too. We’re pleased to partner with Apple and lead the way in helping Japan meet its clean energy goals.” Apple and its suppliers will be generating over 2.5 billion kilowatt hours per year of clean energy for the manufacturing of Apple products by the end of 2018 — equal to taking over 400,000 cars off the road for a year. Apple has taken significant steps to protect the environment by transitioning from fossil fuels to clean energy. Today, the company is powering 100 percent of its operations in 23 countries, and more than 93 percent of its worldwide operations, with renewable energy. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUPDATE Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Raising the bar: Apple’s 11th annual Supplier Responsibility progress report released Next PostNext Swift Playgrounds now available in five additional languages Search Recent Posts Geospatial Corporation (GSPH: OTCQB) | Company Video Propanc Biopharma, Inc. (PPCH: OTCQB) | Symbol Change Organigram Holdings, Inc. (OGRMF: OTCQB) | Organigram Completes Acquisition of Trauma Healing Centers First Cobalt Corp (FTSSF: OTCQB) | First Cobalt Announces Option Grant Kenergy Scientific Inc. (KNSC: OTC Pink Limited) | Attorney Letter with Respect to Current Information Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple opens new stores in Nanjing, Cologne and Miami PHOTOS March 25, 2017 previous next Apple Nanjing Jinmao Place Apple Schildergasse Apple Brickell City Center Apple opened its doors to customers today at new stores in Nanjing, Cologne and Miami, bringing Apple’s latest retail innovations to the heart of each city. More than 350 store employees welcomed thousands of customers at the grand openings, some queuing for days in advance. Each store complements the local architecture, from the restored facade in Schildergasse to the 90-by-30-foot glass entryway of Apple Nanjing. For the first time in each city, customers explored The Forum, a place where the local community can gather and learn. All three stores also feature The Boardroom, a space for local entrepreneurs, developers and business customers to get hands-on advice and training. Apple Nanjing Jinmao Place Customers lined up starting Thursday at the 90-by-30-foot glass storefront of Apple Nanjing Jinmao Place. Customers in Nanjing explore Apple’s latest products at Apple Nanjing Jinmao Place. Apple Nanjing Jinmao Place is the first store in China to feature a stone staircase with integrated recessed handrails. Apple Schildergasse Apple Schildergasse in Cologne is the first store in Germany to feature Apple’s latest innovative store design, including a Forum, Avenues and Boardroom. The double height grand hall of Apple Schildergasse in Cologne features a circular, suspended glass stair case. Apple restored the historic facade at Apple Schildergasse in Cologne. Apple Brickell City Centre The 100 employees at Apple Brickell City Centre in Miami speak nine languages, and nearly half speak Spanish. Customers gathered at Apple Brickell City Centre, Apple’s fifth store in Miami. Photos from Apple stores in Nanjing, Cologne and Miami CategoriesUncategorized TagsPhotos Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Swift Playgrounds now available in five additional languages Next PostNext Apple introduces Clips: the fun, new way to create expressive videos on iOS Search Recent Posts Geospatial Corporation (GSPH: OTCQB) | Company Video Propanc Biopharma, Inc. (PPCH: OTCQB) | Symbol Change Organigram Holdings, Inc. (OGRMF: OTCQB) | Organigram Completes Acquisition of Trauma Healing Centers First Cobalt Corp (FTSSF: OTCQB) | First Cobalt Announces Option Grant Kenergy Scientific Inc. (KNSC: OTC Pink Limited) | Attorney Letter with Respect to Current Information Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple introduces Clips: the fun, new way to create expressive videos on iOS Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s more than 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple opens new stores in Nanjing, Cologne and Miami Next PostNext Clips brings fun and simple video creation to iPhone and iPad Search Recent Posts Geospatial Corporation (GSPH: OTCQB) | Company Video Propanc Biopharma, Inc. (PPCH: OTCQB) | Symbol Change Organigram Holdings, Inc. (OGRMF: OTCQB) | Organigram Completes Acquisition of Trauma Healing Centers First Cobalt Corp (FTSSF: OTCQB) | First Cobalt Announces Option Grant Kenergy Scientific Inc. (KNSC: OTC Pink Limited) | Attorney Letter with Respect to Current Information Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple celebrates store opening at Dubai Mall UPDATE April 27, 2017 Apple Dubai Mall provides stunning views of the Burj Khalifa and Dubai Fountain from the two-level store. Perched above the Dubai Fountain and in the shadow of the Burj Khalifa, Apple Dubai Mall opened to thousands of customers Thursday afternoon. Customers were the first in the Middle East to experience the just-announced Today at Apple programs. Apple employees welcome customers to Apple’s third store in the United Arab Emirates. Thousands of customers gather at Apple Dubai Mall for the grand opening on Thursday afternoon. Customers in Dubai explore the latest products in the new store. Local musicians perform during Today at Apple sessions at Apple Dubai Mall. During a Today at Apple performance, an artist illustrates the session on iPad Pro with Apple Pencil. The carbon fiber “Solar Wings” open to invite the community to the public terrace along the 186-foot curved storefront. Visitors experience Apple’s latest innovative store design, including the Genius Grove, Forum, Avenues and Boardroom. Find out more about upcoming events and registration for Apple Dubai Mall. Photos from Apple Dubai Mall CategoriesUncategorized TagsUPDATE Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple celebrates Earth Day with new initiatives and stories of innovation Next PostNext Apple awards Corning Advanced Manufacturing Fund investment Search Recent Posts Geospatial Corporation (GSPH: OTCQB) | Company Video Propanc Biopharma, Inc. (PPCH: OTCQB) | Symbol Change Organigram Holdings, Inc. (OGRMF: OTCQB) | Organigram Completes Acquisition of Trauma Healing Centers First Cobalt Corp (FTSSF: OTCQB) | First Cobalt Announces Option Grant Kenergy Scientific Inc. (KNSC: OTC Pink Limited) | Attorney Letter with Respect to Current Information Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple awards Corning Advanced Manufacturing Fund investment Apple has committed to investing at least $1 billion with US-based companies as part of the fund, which is designed to foster innovative production and highly skilled jobs that will help lay the foundation for a new era of technology-driven manufacturing in the US. “Corning’s longstanding relationship with Apple has not only led to significant glass innovations that have enabled new capabilities for consumers, it has also helped create nearly 1,000 American jobs and allowed us to continue growing and expanding in the US,” said Wendell P. Weeks, Corning’s chairman, chief executive officer and president. “This investment will ensure our plant in Harrodsburg remains a global center of excellence for glass technology.” In the US, Apple now supports 2 million jobs across all 50 states, including 450,000 jobs attributable to Apple’s spend and investment with US-based suppliers. Last year alone, Apple spent over $50 billion with more than 9,000 domestic suppliers and manufacturers. Since the inception of Gorilla Glass in 2007, the partnership between Apple and Corning has created and sustained nearly 1,000 US jobs across Corning’s R&D, manufacturing and commercial functions, including over 400 in Harrodsburg. Corning has procured enough renewable energy to cover all of its Apple manufacturing in the US.  CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple celebrates store opening at Dubai Mall Next PostNext “Today at Apple” launches worldwide Search Recent Posts Geospatial Corporation (GSPH: OTCQB) | Company Video Propanc Biopharma, Inc. (PPCH: OTCQB) | Symbol Change Organigram Holdings, Inc. (OGRMF: OTCQB) | Organigram Completes Acquisition of Trauma Healing Centers First Cobalt Corp (FTSSF: OTCQB) | First Cobalt Announces Option Grant Kenergy Scientific Inc. (KNSC: OTC Pink Limited) | Attorney Letter with Respect to Current Information Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman “Today at Apple” launches worldwide PHOTOS May 21, 2017 Customers fill the Forum at Apple Union Square as Leon Bridges performs a special acoustic set with Brittni Jessie from his album “Coming Home.” “Today at Apple” kicked off this weekend with new in-store programming around the world, including Photo Walks and Kids Hour at all 495 Apple stores. From Getting Started with Coding to How To: Sketch, Draw and Paint with iPad, stores collectively hosted 4,000 sessions a day, including some with very special guests. Apple Union Square Customers use iPad Pro and Apple Pencil as they learn from master illustrator Todd Selby. Movement artist and star of Apple’s AirPods commercial, Lil Buck, shows off his moves in the Forum at Apple Union Square. Multiplatinum artist, songwriter and producer Charlie Puth gives an intimate performance at Apple Union Square. Leon Bridges gives a soulful “Today at Apple” performance to end the day of sessions at Apple Union Square. Apple Regent Street Dua Lipa performs an acoustic set of tracks from her upcoming album. During a Live Art session with French illustrator mcbess at Apple Regent Street attendees share their own work following his signature style—graphic illustrations without color. iPhone photographers cover two miles in 90 minutes as they seek out fashion-forward portraits with photographer Shingi Rice. Apple Williamsburg iPhone photographers hit the streets of Brooklyn for a portrait-themed Photo Walk with Timothy Mulcare. Music Lab: 18-year-old Steve Lacy earned a Grammy nomination for his work with The Internet — producing it all on his iPhone. Apple Marché Saint-Germain Aspiring coders of all ages can learn how to code in Swift, Apple’s programming language for iOS and Mac apps. Up-and-coming pop sensation, Sigrid, performs tracks off her debut “Don’t Kill My Vibe” EP at Apple Marché Saint-Germain. To find and register for a session visit www.apple.com/today. Photos of “Today at Apple” Worldwide Launch CategoriesUncategorized TagsPhotos Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple awards Corning Advanced Manufacturing Fund investment Next PostNext Apple launches app development curriculum for high school and community college students Search Recent Posts Geospatial Corporation (GSPH: OTCQB) | Company Video Propanc Biopharma, Inc. (PPCH: OTCQB) | Symbol Change Organigram Holdings, Inc. (OGRMF: OTCQB) | Organigram Completes Acquisition of Trauma Healing Centers First Cobalt Corp (FTSSF: OTCQB) | First Cobalt Announces Option Grant Kenergy Scientific Inc. (KNSC: OTC Pink Limited) | Attorney Letter with Respect to Current Information Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Orchard Road opens in Singapore PHOTOS May 27, 2017 The 120-foot glass facade blurs the barrier between inside and out, while 16 interior trees continue the city’s lush greenery throughout the space. Apple Orchard Road opened Saturday to thousands of customers who queued to explore Apple’s first store in Southeast Asia. Braving the equatorial heat as early as Friday night, customers were greeted by Apple’s Angela Ahrendts and the store’s 237 employees when doors opened at 10 a.m. Apple’s first store in Southeast Asia opened to customers on Saturday, May 27. Angela Ahrendts, Apple’s senior vice president of Retail, welcomes customers to Apple’s first store in Southeast Asia. The Forum is home to “Today at Apple,” new in-store programming that includes 60 free, hands-on sessions. Twin curved Castagna stone staircases are the architectural highlight of Apple Orchard Road. A unique 25-foot canopy protects Apple Orchard Road from tropical sunlight and provides shelter from the rain. Apple Stores around the world welcome over 1 million customers a day. Photos of Apple Orchard Road CategoriesUncategorized TagsPhotos Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple launches app development curriculum for high school and community college students Next PostNext Carpool Karaoke: The Series debuts August 8 on Apple Music Search Recent Posts Geospatial Corporation (GSPH: OTCQB) | Company Video Propanc Biopharma, Inc. (PPCH: OTCQB) | Symbol Change Organigram Holdings, Inc. (OGRMF: OTCQB) | Organigram Completes Acquisition of Trauma Healing Centers First Cobalt Corp (FTSSF: OTCQB) | First Cobalt Announces Option Grant Kenergy Scientific Inc. (KNSC: OTC Pink Limited) | Attorney Letter with Respect to Current Information Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Record-Breaking Holiday Season for the App Store CUPERTINO, California — January 6, 2016 — Apple® today announced that customers around the world made this holiday season the biggest ever for the App Store®, setting new records during the weeks of Christmas and New Year’s.  In the two weeks ending January 3, customers spent over $1.1 billion on apps and in-app purchases, setting back-to-back weekly records for traffic and purchases. January 1, 2016 marked the biggest day in App Store history with customers spending over $144 million. It broke the previous single-day record set just a week earlier on Christmas Day. “The App Store had a holiday season for the record books. We are excited that our customers downloaded and enjoyed so many incredible apps for iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV, spending over $20 billion on the App Store last year alone,” said Philip Schiller, Apple’s senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. “We’re grateful to all the developers who have created the most innovative and exciting apps in the world for our customers. We can’t wait for what’s to come in 2016.” Worldwide, the App Store has brought in nearly $40 billion for developers since 2008, with over one-third generated in the last year alone. Largely as a result of the App Store’s success, Apple is now responsible for creating and supporting 1.9 million jobs in the U.S. alone. Nearly three-quarters of those jobs — over 1.4 million — are attributable to the community of app creators, software engineers and entrepreneurs building apps for iOS, as well as non-IT jobs supported directly and indirectly through the app economy.* Apple has previously reported that the iOS app economy has created 1.2 million jobs in Europe and 1.4 million jobs in China. Gaming, Social Networking and Entertainment were among the year’s most popular App Store categories across Apple products, with customers challenging themselves to Minecraft: Pocket Edition, Trivia Crack and Heads Up!, and staying in touch with friends and family using Facebook Messenger, WeChat and Snapchat. Games and subscription apps dominated this year’s top grossing titles including Clash of Clans, Monster Strike, Game of War – Fire Age and Fantasy Westward Journey, as well as Netflix, Hulu and Match. The launch of the all-new Apple TV® and Apple Watch® have paved the way for entirely new app experiences, changing how people consume content through their television and providing useful information at a glance on Apple’s most personal device yet. Since its launch in October, the new Apple TV’s most popular apps include Rayman Adventures, Beat Sports and HBO NOW. Chart-topping apps for Apple Watch owners include fitness apps Nike+ Running and Lifesum, and iTranslate and Citymapper in the Travel category. *Job creation estimate based on research by Dr. Michael Mandel, Progressive Policy Institute. “App Economy Jobs in the United States,” January 6, 2016 Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Press Contacts: Lisa Israel Apple lisrael@apple.com (408) 974-2118 Colin Johnson Apple colin_johnson@apple.com (408) 974-6284   CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Carpool Karaoke: The Series debuts August 8 on Apple Music Next PostNext New Music Apps from Apple Transform iOS Devices into Handheld Studios for Songwriters &amp; Beatmakers Search Recent Posts Geospatial Corporation (GSPH: OTCQB) | Company Video Propanc Biopharma, Inc. (PPCH: OTCQB) | Symbol Change Organigram Holdings, Inc. (OGRMF: OTCQB) | Organigram Completes Acquisition of Trauma Healing Centers First Cobalt Corp (FTSSF: OTCQB) | First Cobalt Announces Option Grant Kenergy Scientific Inc. (KNSC: OTC Pink Limited) | Attorney Letter with Respect to Current Information Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Opening Europe’s First iOS App Development Center in Italy ROME — January 21, 2016 — Apple® today announced the creation of Europe’s first iOS App Development Center in Italy, to give students practical skills and training on developing iOS apps for the world’s most innovative and vibrant app ecosystem. The iOS App Development Center, to be located at a partner institution in Naples, will support teachers and provide a specialized curriculum preparing thousands of future developers to be part of Apple’s thriving developer community. In addition, Apple will work with partners around Italy who deliver developer training to complement this curriculum and create additional opportunities for students. Apple expects to expand this program to other countries around the world. “Europe is home to some of the most creative developers in the world and we’re thrilled to be helping the next generation of entrepreneurs in Italy get the skills they need for success,” said Tim Cook, Apple’s CEO. “The phenomenal success of the App Store is one of the driving forces behind the more than 1.4 million jobs Apple has created in Europe and presents unlimited opportunities for people of all ages and businesses of all sizes across the continent.” Apple is a powerful engine of growth across Europe and the company’s ecosystem now supports more than 1.4 million jobs, including 1.2 million attributable to the community of app creators, software engineers and entrepreneurs building apps for iOS, as well as non-IT jobs supported directly and indirectly through the app economy.* The unprecedented growth of the App Store® has helped developers in Europe earn over €10.2 billion from selling their apps around the world. In Italy, over 75,000 jobs are attributable to the App Store and the developer community is vibrant. IK Multimedia launched its first app in 2009 and since then has had over 25 million downloads. Musement, launched in 2013, is now available in seven languages and 300 cities across 50 countries, making it easy for people to book travel and excursions on the go. Roberto Macina, CEO and founder of Qurami, said: “Apple’s continued innovation inspires us to create the best mobile experiences and make our customers’ lives just a little bit easier. Apple’s app ecosystem is the anchor for our business, and developing across Apple’s operating systems has enabled us to easily and quickly bring the Qurami experience to iPhone, iPad and Apple Watch users.” Thousands of companies are expanding because of their work with Apple, which supports hundreds of thousands of jobs in communities large and small across Europe. Milan-based Laboratorio Elettrofisico makes some of the most sophisticated magnetization equipment in the world and their technology enables some of the industry-leading magnetic features found in Apple products. Apple also works with Europe’s leading manufacturers of Micro-Electro-Mechanical Systems, which create tiny components that power some of the incredible sensor and audio technologies found in iOS devices. *Job creation estimate based on research by Dr. Michael Mandel, Progressive Policy Institute. “App Economy Jobs in Europe,” January 21, 2016. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Press Contacts: Alan Hely Apple alanhely@apple.com +44 207 184 1193 Rob Saunders Apple rob_saunders@apple.com +44 207 184 1414   CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Record-Breaking Holiday Season for the App Store Next PostNext FY 16 First Quarter Results Conference Call Search Recent Posts Geospatial Corporation (GSPH: OTCQB) | Company Video Propanc Biopharma, Inc. (PPCH: OTCQB) | Symbol Change Organigram Holdings, Inc. (OGRMF: OTCQB) | Organigram Completes Acquisition of Trauma Healing Centers First Cobalt Corp (FTSSF: OTCQB) | First Cobalt Announces Option Grant Kenergy Scientific Inc. (KNSC: OTC Pink Limited) | Attorney Letter with Respect to Current Information Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman FY 16 First Quarter Results Conference Call WHAT: Apple® FY 16 First Quarter Results Conference Call WHERE: Via conference call. The dial-in numbers for press are (877) 616-0071 (toll-free) or (816) 581-1577. Please enter confirmation code 482343. WHEN: Tuesday, January 26, 2016 at 2:00 p.m. PST/5:00 p.m. EST REBROADCAST: The conference call will be available as a continuous rebroadcast beginning Tuesday, January 26 at 5:00 p.m. PST/8:00 p.m. EST through Tuesday, February 9 at 5:00 p.m. PST/8:00 p.m. EST. The dial-in numbers for the rebroadcast are (888) 203-1112 (toll-free) or (719) 457-0820. Please enter confirmation code 7349088. WEBCAST: Apple will provide live audio streaming of its FY 16 First Quarter Results Conference Call using Apple’s HTTP Live Streaming (HLS) technology. The live webcast will begin at 2:00 p.m. PST on January 26, 2016 at www.apple.com/investor/earnings-call/ and will also be available for replay for approximately two weeks thereafter. Live audio streaming requires an iPhone®, iPad® or iPod touch® with Safari® on iOS 7.0 or later, a Mac® with Safari 6.0.5 or later on OS X® v10.8.5 or later or a PC with Microsoft Edge on Windows 10. This recording is the property of Apple and protected by US copyright law and international treaties. Any reproduction or distribution is strictly prohibited without prior written approval from Apple. Please contact Apple Public Relations or Investor Relations with any questions. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Press Contact: Kristin Huguet Apple khuguet@apple.com (408) 974-2414   CategoriesUncategorized TagsMEDIA ALERT Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Opening Europe’s First iOS App Development Center in Italy Next PostNext Apple Advances Health Apps with CareKit Search Recent Posts Geospatial Corporation (GSPH: OTCQB) | Company Video Propanc Biopharma, Inc. (PPCH: OTCQB) | Symbol Change Organigram Holdings, Inc. (OGRMF: OTCQB) | Organigram Completes Acquisition of Trauma Healing Centers First Cobalt Corp (FTSSF: OTCQB) | First Cobalt Announces Option Grant Kenergy Scientific Inc. (KNSC: OTC Pink Limited) | Attorney Letter with Respect to Current Information Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Important Notice for Certain AC Wall Plug Adapters &amp; World Travel Adapter Kit Customers CUPERTINO, California — January 28, 2016 — Apple® today announced a voluntary recall of AC wall plug adapters designed for use in Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Continental Europe, New Zealand and South Korea. In very rare cases, affected Apple two-prong wall plug adapters may break and create a risk of electrical shock if touched. These wall plug adapters shipped with Mac® and certain iOS devices between 2003 and 2015 and were also included in the Apple World Travel Adapter Kit. Apple is aware of 12 incidents worldwide. The recall does not affect any other Apple AC wall plug adapters designed for Canada, China, Hong Kong, Japan, United Kingdom, United States or any Apple USB power adapters.   Because customer safety is the company’s top priority, Apple is asking customers to stop using affected plug adapters. Customers should visit www.apple.com/support/ac-wallplug-adapter for details about how to exchange the affected adapters for new, redesigned ones.   An affected two-prong plug adapter has either four or five characters or no characters on the inside slot where it attaches to the main Apple power adapter. Visit the program website for more details on how to identify an affected adapter. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Press Contacts: Colin Smith Apple colins@apple.com (408) 862-1171 Starlayne Meza Apple starlayne@apple.com (408) 974-3391   CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Opening Europe’s First iOS App Development Center in Italy Next PostNext Apple Advances Health Apps with CareKit Search Recent Posts Geospatial Corporation (GSPH: OTCQB) | Company Video Propanc Biopharma, Inc. (PPCH: OTCQB) | Symbol Change Organigram Holdings, Inc. (OGRMF: OTCQB) | Organigram Completes Acquisition of Trauma Healing Centers First Cobalt Corp (FTSSF: OTCQB) | First Cobalt Announces Option Grant Kenergy Scientific Inc. (KNSC: OTC Pink Limited) | Attorney Letter with Respect to Current Information Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Introduces 9.7-inch iPad Pro CUPERTINO, California — March 21, 2016 — Apple® today introduced the all-new 9.7-inch iPad Pro™— at just under one pound it features a new pro Retina® display with greater brightness, wider color gamut, lower reflectivity, Night Shift™ mode and introduces new True Tone® display technology to dynamically adjust white balance. The new iPad Pro delivers incredible performance with the 64-bit A9X chip that rivals most portable PCs, along with a four-speaker audio system that is twice as powerful,¹ new 12-megapixel iSight® camera for shooting Live Photos™ and 4K video, 5-megapixel FaceTime® HD camera, and faster wireless technologies. And iPad Pro includes support for the breakthrough Apple Pencil™ and a new Smart Keyboard™ cover designed to fit the new 9.7-inch iPad Pro. “iPad Pro is a new generation of iPad that is indispensable and immersive, enabling people to be more productive and more creative. It’s incredibly fast, extremely portable, and completely natural to use with your fingers, Apple Pencil and Smart Keyboard. And now it comes in two sizes,” said Philip Schiller, Apple’s senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. “The 9.7-inch iPad Pro has a new Retina display with True Tone technology, four-speaker audio system, blazing fast A9X chip, 12-megapixel iSight camera, 5-megapixel FaceTime HD camera, faster wireless, and support for Apple Pencil and Smart Keyboard. It is the ultimate upgrade for existing iPad users and replacement for PC users.” Designers, illustrators and businesses have quickly adopted iPad Pro and it’s changing the way they work: “People don’t realize how much hand drawing is needed to produce computer animation,” said John Lasseter, Chief Creative Officer, Pixar and Walt Disney Animation Studios. “iPad Pro and Apple Pencil are the closest we’ve ever been able to get in the digital world to actually drawing on paper.” “I’ve done everything including designing the latest cycling collection on iPad Pro,” said Alex Valdman, Head of Design for Rapha. “It goes with me everywhere, and has not only replaced my laptop, but my paper notebook as well. For the Rapha design team, iPad Pro will become standard issue.” “At Citi, iPad Pro is truly transforming how we work,” said Stephen Gates, U.S. Head of Design for Citi Global Consumer Banking. “iPad Pro and Apple Pencil have played a huge part in the new Citi Design team’s work to create new innovative customer experiences. We use iPad Pro for sketching out new design concepts, presenting our work, answering our emails, working with our design files on Adobe Creative Cloud and participating in FaceTime meetings with our other design teams all over the world.” Pro display The 9.7-inch iPad Pro features advanced display technologies, including a True Tone display, which uses new four-channel sensors to dynamically adjust the white balance of the display to match the light around you for a more natural and accurate, paper-white viewing experience. The advanced Retina display is 25 percent brighter and 40 percent less reflective than iPad Air® 2, making content even easier to see indoors and out. It uses the same wider color gamut as the iMac® with Retina 5K display, delivering 25 percent greater color saturation¹ for more vivid colors. A custom timing controller, photo alignment and oxide TFT deliver incredible color, contrast and clarity. Night Shift in iOS 9.3 uses iPad Pro’s clock and geolocation to automatically adjust the colors in the display to the warmer end of the spectrum after dark and may even help you get a better night’s sleep. Pro performance The new iPad Pro is just 6.1mm thin and weighs just under one pound, yet delivers groundbreaking performance, connectivity and versatility so you can tackle the most demanding tasks wherever you go. The powerful A9X chip with third-generation 64-bit architecture provides performance that rivals many laptops and console-class graphics, while also delivering all-day battery life.² Ultrafast wireless connectivity keeps you connected wherever you go with 802.11ac Wi-Fi with MIMO technology, support for even faster LTE Advanced with up to 50 percent faster cellular connectivity³ and the most LTE bands supported by any tablet.⁴ Now with Apple SIM embedded directly in the new iPad Pro, it’s even easier to connect to wireless data plans right from your device when traveling in more than 100 countries and territories.5 iPad Pro has an advanced 12-megapixel iSight camera sensor featuring Focus Pixels for fast focusing, an Apple-designed image signal processor, advanced noise reduction, third-generation local tone mapping and better face detection, all resulting in sharp, detailed images, 63-megapixel panoramas and Live Photos. A True Tone flash improves low light shots and document scanning. The new iSight camera shoots 4K video, making the new iPad Pro the perfect device to shoot, edit and share pro-quality video. The improved 5-megapixel, front-facing FaceTime HD camera makes the new iPad Pro perfect for videoconferencing or connecting with loved ones. Pro audio The four-speaker audio system provides powerful, clear and rich stereo sound for more than twice the audio output.¹ Built-in sensors automatically adjust and optimize the audio no matter which way you’re using it. iOS 9.3 also adds support for playing video encoded with Dolby Digital Plus audio streams with support for multichannel output using the Apple Lightning® Digital AV Adapter. Pro accessories Apple Pencil and Smart Keyboard, available for purchase separately, bring breakthrough levels of precision and utility to iPad Pro. Advanced sensors in Apple Pencil measure both pressure and tilt for a natural drawing, annotating and note-taking experience. A new Smart Keyboard is custom-designed for the 9.7-inch iPad Pro, offering a thin yet durable keyboard that never needs to be charged or paired over Bluetooth and is easily foldable into a protective Smart Cover®. The new Lightning to SD Card Camera Reader and Lightning to USB 3 Camera Adapter make it easy to download photos and videos from a digital camera to iPad Pro, while a new Lightning to USB-C Cable and Apple’s 29W USB-C Power Adapter enable faster charging. Pricing & Availability The 9.7-inch iPad Pro comes in silver, space gray, gold and a new rose gold metallic finish, and starts at $599 (US) for the 32GB with Wi-Fi model and $729 (US) for the 32GB Wi-Fi + Cellular model. Both iPad Pro sizes are available in offerings of 32GB, 128GB and a new 256GB capacity, the highest of any iOS device. For more information, please visit www.apple.com/ipad.  The 9.7-inch iPad Pro will be available to order beginning Thursday, March 24, from Apple.com, and in Apple’s retail stores, through select carriers and Apple Authorized Resellers on Thursday, March 31, in Australia, Canada, China (Wi-Fi models only), France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, New Zealand, Puerto Rico, Singapore, the UK, US Virgin Islands and the US.  The 9.7-inch iPad Pro will be available in early April in Albania, Anguilla, Antigua and Barbuda, Austria, Belgium, Bosnia, Bulgaria, Cayman Islands, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, El Salvador, Estonia, Finland, Greece, Greenland, Guam, Guatemala, Hungary, Iceland, India, Ireland, Isle of Man, Italy, Kosovo, Latvia, Lichtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Macedonia, Macau (Wi-Fi models only), Monaco, Montenegro, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Russia, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Thailand (Wi-Fi models only), Turkey and UAE. Apple Pencil is available for $99 (US) and Smart Keyboard in charcoal gray for $149 (US). The Polyurethane iPad Pro Smart Cover and Silicone Cases for the 9.7-inch iPad Pro are available for $49 (US) and $69 (US), respectively, in a range of new vibrant colors. The Lightning to SD Card Camera Reader is available for $29 (US), Lightning to USB 3 Camera Adapter for $39 (US), Apple 29W USB-C Power Adapter for $49 (US), Lightning to USB-C Cable (1 m.) for $25 (US) and Lightning to USB-C Cable (2 m.) for $35 (US). Every customer who buys an iPad Pro from Apple will be offered free Personal Setup, in-store or online, to help them customize their iPad Pro by setting up email, showing them new apps from the App Store® and more. Anyone who wants to learn more about the new iPad Pro or iOS 9 can register for the free workshops offered at every Apple Store®.  ¹Over iPad Air 2.  ²Battery life depends on device settings, usage and other factors. Actual results may vary. ³Based on theoretical speeds, actual speeds may vary. ⁴Data plan required. LTE is available in select markets and through select carriers. Speeds vary based on site conditions. For details on LTE support, contact your carrier and see www.apple.com/ipad/LTE. 5Embedded Apple SIM in iPad Pro (9.7-inch) may be disabled when purchased from some carriers. See your carrier for details. Apple SIM and embedded Apple SIM not available in China. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Additional Content: Press Contacts: Ryan James Apple ryanj@apple.com (408) 862-5585 Andy Bowman Apple abowman@apple.com (408) 783-0619   CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Advances Health Apps with CareKit Next PostNext Apple Introduces iPhone SE — The Most Powerful Phone with a Four-inch Display Search Recent Posts Geospatial Corporation (GSPH: OTCQB) | Company Video Propanc Biopharma, Inc. (PPCH: OTCQB) | Symbol Change Organigram Holdings, Inc. (OGRMF: OTCQB) | Organigram Completes Acquisition of Trauma Healing Centers First Cobalt Corp (FTSSF: OTCQB) | First Cobalt Announces Option Grant Kenergy Scientific Inc. (KNSC: OTC Pink Limited) | Attorney Letter with Respect to Current Information Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Introduces iPhone SE — The Most Powerful Phone with a Four-inch Display CUPERTINO, California — March 21, 2016 — Apple® today introduced iPhone® SE, the most powerful phone with a four-inch display, in a beloved compact aluminum design that has been updated with matte-chamfered edges, a color-matched stainless steel Apple logo, and four gorgeous metallic finishes, including rose gold. iPhone SE offers exceptional performance with the same 64-bit A9 chip offered in iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus for blazing fast speeds, longer battery life, faster wireless, a 12-megapixel iSight® camera featuring Live Photos™ and 4K video, and Touch ID® with Apple Pay®. “iPhone SE is an exciting new idea — we started with a beloved, iconic design and reinvented it from the inside out. The result is the most beautiful and powerful phone with a four-inch display in the world,” said Philip Schiller, Apple’s senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. “iPhone SE is packed with a stunning four-inch Retina display, advanced 64-bit A9 chip with M9 motion co-processor, longer battery life, 12-megapixel iSight camera with True Tone flash, Live Photos, 4K video, faster LTE and Wi-Fi, and Touch ID with Apple Pay. Everyone who wants a smaller phone is going to love iPhone SE.” The Most Powerful Phone with a Four-inch Display iPhone SE takes a beloved iPhone design and reinvents it from the inside out, giving customers a powerful, full-featured iPhone no matter which model they choose. The 64-bit A9 chip, introduced in iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, offers iPhone SE customers two times faster CPU and three times faster GPU performance compared to iPhone 5s, all with gains in energy efficiency for improved battery life. M9, Apple’s next-generation motion coprocessor, is integrated into A9 allowing more features to run all the time at lower power, including “Hey Siri” without having to pick up your iPhone, and a range of fitness tracking capabilities like measuring your steps and distance. iPhone SE users can browse, download and stream content even faster with Wi-Fi up to three times and LTE up to 50 percent faster than iPhone 5s.* iPhone SE also includes more LTE bands for better worldwide roaming and supports Voice over LTE and Wi-Fi calling for high-quality wideband calls. With an easy-to-use interface, amazing features, and security at its core, iOS 9 is the foundation of iPhone SE and brings powerful built-in apps like Messages, FaceTime®, Photos, Music and Maps to iPhone users. iOS 9 also brings more intelligence to iPhone SE with proactive assistance, powerful search, improved Siri® features, and a new Night Shift™ feature that uses your iPhone SE’s clock and geolocation to automatically adjust the colors in the display to the warmer end of the spectrum after dark and may even help you get a better night’s sleep. All of these innovations are packed into a light and compact phone designed to fit comfortably in your hand, crafted from bead-blasted aluminum for a satin-like finish, refined matte-chamfered edges, a new color-matched stainless steel inset Apple logo and a brilliant four-inch Retina® display. The World’s Most Popular Camera iPhone SE has an advanced 12-megapixel iSight camera featuring Focus Pixel technology for fast focusing, an Apple-designed image signal processor, advanced noise reduction, third-generation local tone mapping and better face detection, all resulting in sharper, more detailed photos like the ones shot on iPhone 6s. With Live Photos on iPhone SE, customers can go beyond snapshots to capture moments in motion and relive unforgettable memories with sound. Live Photos are beautiful 12-megapixel photos that, with just a touch, reveal the moments immediately before and after the shot was taken, so users can enjoy a living memory rather than an instant frozen in time. Additional camera advancements include: The ability to shoot HD video with support for 4K at a resolution of 3840 x 2160. After capturing 4K video, customers can edit on a Mac®, PC or iPad®, and with the latest version of iMovie® on iPhone, can even edit two simultaneous streams of 4K on iPhone SE. Retina Flash, which momentarily makes the display three times brighter with True Tone® lighting technology, for wonderfully bright selfies in low light with the FaceTime HD camera. Features introduced with iPhone 6s, including up to 63-megapixel panorama photos, video capture up to 60fps for 1080p video and 240fps for slo-mo, time-lapse with video stabilization and cinematic video stabilization. Pricing & Availability iPhone SE will be available in space gray, silver, gold and rose gold metallic finishes in 16GB and 64GB models starting at $399 (US) from Apple’s retail stores, Apple.com, Apple Authorized Resellers and select carriers, or for 24 monthly payments starting at $17 (US) exclusively at Apple’s retail stores in the US.** As part of the newly-announced Trade Up with Installments program at Apple stores in the US, customers can also purchase iPhone SE for as low as $10/month for 24 months.*** Customers in Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, New Zealand, Puerto Rico, Singapore, the UK, US Virgin Islands and the US will be able to order iPhone SE beginning Thursday, March 24, with availability beginning Thursday, March 31. iPhone SE will be available in early April in Albania, Andorra, Austria, Bahrain, Belgium, Bosnia, Bulgaria, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, Greece, Guernsey, Jersey, Hungary, Iceland, India, Ireland, Isle of Man, Italy, Kosovo, Kuwait, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Macedonia, Maldives, Malta, Monaco, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan, Turkey and UAE. Apple-designed accessories including leather cases in black and midnight blue will be available for $39 (US), and Lightning® Docks in color-matched metallic finishes are currently available from Apple’s retail stores and Apple.com for $49 (US). Every customer who buys iPhone SE from Apple will be offered free Personal Setup, in-store or online, to help them customize their iPhone by setting up email, showing them new apps from the App Store® and more. Anyone who wants to learn more about iPhone SE or iOS 9 can register for the free workshops offered at every Apple Store®.  * Data plan required. LTE is available in select markets and through select carriers. Speeds vary based on site conditions and carrier. For details on LTE support, contact your carrier and see www.apple.com/iphone/LTE. ** Prices are rounded to nearest dollar and are based on 24 monthly installment payments. Qualified customers only with eligible credit card. Two-year loan required. First installment payment, full taxes and activation fees may be due at sale. Carrier terms and other terms and eligibility may apply. *** Prices are rounded to nearest dollar and are based on 24 monthly installment payments. Requires trade-in of iPhone 5s in full working condition. Trade-in values and monthly pricing for devices will vary based on the condition and model of your smartphone trade-in. Trade Up with Installments is only available to qualified US customers with eligible credit card. Two-year loan required. First installment payment and full taxes due at sale. Full terms apply. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Additional Content: • Images • Video Press Contacts: Alex Kirschner Apple alexkirschner@apple.com (408) 974-2479 Teresa Brewer Apple tbrewer@apple.com (408) 974-6851 CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Introduces 9.7-inch iPad Pro Next PostNext Apple’s Worldwide Developers Conference Kicks Off June 13 in San Francisco Search Recent Posts Geospatial Corporation (GSPH: OTCQB) | Company Video Propanc Biopharma, Inc. (PPCH: OTCQB) | Symbol Change Organigram Holdings, Inc. (OGRMF: OTCQB) | Organigram Completes Acquisition of Trauma Healing Centers First Cobalt Corp (FTSSF: OTCQB) | First Cobalt Announces Option Grant Kenergy Scientific Inc. (KNSC: OTC Pink Limited) | Attorney Letter with Respect to Current Information Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple’s Worldwide Developers Conference Kicks Off June 13 in San Francisco CUPERTINO, California — April 18, 2016 — Apple® today announced that it will hold its 27th annual Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC), hosting the creative talent behind the world’s most innovative apps, from June 13 through 17 in San Francisco. At WWDC, Apple’s developer community comes together from all corners of the globe to learn about the future of Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X®, watchOS® and tvOS™. Monday’s kickoff events, including the keynote address, will be held at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium. The rest of the week’s conference sessions will take place at Moscone West.  “With four innovative operating systems and a new, intuitive programming language powering over 1 billion devices worldwide, there has never been a more exciting time to bring our developer community together,” said Philip Schiller, Apple’s senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. “WWDC 2016 is going to be a landmark event for developers who are coding in Swift, and building apps and products for iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS. We can’t wait for everyone to join us — in San Francisco or through the live stream.” Developers can apply for tickets via the WWDC website (developer.apple.com/wwdc/register/) now through Friday, April 22 at 10:00 a.m. PDT. Tickets will be issued to attendees through a random selection process, and developers will be notified on the status of their application by Monday, April 25 at 5:00 p.m. PDT. For the second consecutive year, there will be up to 350 WWDC Scholarships available, giving students and STEM organization members from around the world an opportunity to earn a ticket to meet and collaborate with some of the most talented developers of Apple’s ever-growing app ecosystem (developer.apple.com/wwdc/scholarships/). Additionally, this year, we will provide travel assistance to up to 125 scholarship recipients to ensure aspiring developers with financial limitations have an opportunity to participate.  WWDC 2016 activities include: over 1,000 Apple engineers supporting more than 150 hands-on labs and events to provide developers with code-level assistance, insight into optimal development techniques and guidance on how they can make the most of iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS technologies in their apps; access to the latest innovations, features and capabilities of iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS, and best practices for enhancing an app’s functionality, performance, quality and design; the opportunity to connect with thousands of fellow iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS developers from around the world — last year, 80 percent of developers attended for their first time, and in total, more than 70 countries were represented;  a series of get-togethers for attendees focused on particular topics with special guest speakers and activities; engaging and inspirational lunchtime sessions with trailblazers and influencers from the worlds of technology, science and entertainment; and the Apple Design Awards which recognize iPhone®, iPad®, Apple Watch®, Apple TV® and Mac® apps that demonstrate technical excellence, innovation and outstanding design. Worldwide Developers Conference sessions will be streamed live throughout the week via the WWDC website (developer.apple.com/wwdc/live/) and through the WWDC app, giving developers around the world access to the week’s news and events. Visit the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference 2016 website (developer.apple.com/wwdc/register/) to apply for a ticket, as well as for updates and more information. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Press Contacts: Lisa Israel  Apple lisrael@apple.com (408) 974-2118 Christine Monaghan  Apple cmonaghan@apple.com (408) 974-8850 CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Introduces iPhone SE — The Most Powerful Phone with a Four-inch Display Next PostNext FY 16 Second Quarter Results Conference Call Search Recent Posts Geospatial Corporation (GSPH: OTCQB) | Company Video Propanc Biopharma, Inc. (PPCH: OTCQB) | Symbol Change Organigram Holdings, Inc. (OGRMF: OTCQB) | Organigram Completes Acquisition of Trauma Healing Centers First Cobalt Corp (FTSSF: OTCQB) | First Cobalt Announces Option Grant Kenergy Scientific Inc. (KNSC: OTC Pink Limited) | Attorney Letter with Respect to Current Information Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman FY 16 Second Quarter Results Conference Call WHAT: Apple® FY 16 Second Quarter Results Conference Call WHERE: Via conference call. The dial-in numbers for press are (877) 616-0071 (toll-free) or (816) 581-1577. Please enter confirmation code 988724. WHEN: Tuesday, April 26, 2016, 2:00 p.m. PDT/5:00 p.m. EDT REBROADCAST: The conference call will be available as a continuous rebroadcast beginning Tuesday, April 26 at 5:00 p.m. PDT/8:00 p.m. EDT through Tuesday, May 10 at 5:00 p.m. PDT/8:00 p.m. EDT. The dial-in numbers for the rebroadcast are (888) 203-1112 (toll-free) or (719) 457-0820. Please enter confirmation code 7495552. WEBCAST: Apple will provide live audio streaming of its FY 16 Second Quarter Results Conference Call using Apple’s HTTP Live Streaming (HLS) technology. The live webcast will begin at 2:00 p.m. PDT on April 26, 2016 at www.apple.com/investor/earnings-call/ and will also be available for replay for approximately two weeks thereafter. Live audio streaming requires an iPhone®, iPad® or iPod touch® with Safari® on iOS 7.0 or later, a Mac® with Safari 6.0.5 or later on OS X® v10.8.5 or later, or a PC with Microsoft Edge on Windows 10. This recording is the property of Apple and protected by US copyright law and international treaties. Any reproduction or distribution is strictly prohibited without prior written approval from Apple. Please contact Apple Public Relations or Investor Relations with any questions. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Press Contact: Kristin Huguet Apple khuguet@apple.com (408) 974-2414 CategoriesUncategorized TagsMEDIA ALERT Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Updates MacBook with Latest Processors, Longer Battery Life &amp; New Rose Gold Finish Next PostNext Apple &amp; SAP Partner to Revolutionize Work on iPhone &amp; iPad Search Recent Posts Geospatial Corporation (GSPH: OTCQB) | Company Video Propanc Biopharma, Inc. (PPCH: OTCQB) | Symbol Change Organigram Holdings, Inc. (OGRMF: OTCQB) | Organigram Completes Acquisition of Trauma Healing Centers First Cobalt Corp (FTSSF: OTCQB) | First Cobalt Announces Option Grant Kenergy Scientific Inc. (KNSC: OTC Pink Limited) | Attorney Letter with Respect to Current Information Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Celebrates Chinese Music with GarageBand Update BEIJING — May 17, 2016 — Apple® today announced an update to GarageBand® that celebrates the rich history of Chinese music with new instruments and extensive Chinese language localization throughout the app. Building on GarageBand’s extensive collection of sounds, this update adds traditional Chinese instruments — the pipa, erhu and Chinese percussion — along with 300 Apple-created Chinese musical loops, giving users the power to tap into their creativity and make beautiful Chinese-inspired music right on their iOS device or Mac®. GarageBand for iOS users also get two new Chinese templates for Live Loops, and new sharing options to popular Chinese social networks, so they can easily share their music creations with friends and followers across QQ and Youku.  “GarageBand is the most popular music creation app in the world and we’re excited to introduce these new features that incorporate the rich history of traditional Chinese music,” said Susan Prescott, Apple’s vice president of Product Marketing. “By adding classic Chinese instruments and new Live Loop templates, the new GarageBand app makes it fun and easy to make Chinese-inspired music right on your iPhone, iPad or Mac.” “As a musician I’m always looking for ways to take my music in new directions and GarageBand has been such a great tool for me to experiment and add new elements to my songs on-the-go,” said award-winning music artist JJ Lin. “I love how the latest update to GarageBand adds traditional Chinese instruments along with brand new loops so I can play around with mixing traditional and modern sounds to create completely new styles.” The pipa, erhu and Chinese percussion instruments in GarageBand can be played on iPhone® or iPad® using Multi-Touch™, and on Mac through the built-in Musical Typing feature or by connecting a third-party USB music keyboard. Each instrument includes different playing articulations, including rapid picking and note bend for pipa, and trill, grace note and glissando for erhu, making it incredibly easy for a novice to create a realistic and expressive performance. iPhone users can also use 3D Touch™ with the erhu and pipa to dynamically control vibrato and intensity, and both the pipa and erhu include Autoplay, letting users tap on any chord and get a complete, rich performance. Users can also play a collection of Chinese percussion instruments including drums, wood blocks, cymbals and gongs. This update adds 300 Apple-created loops from a variety of instruments and styles, including guzheng, dizi, yangqin and Peking Opera, to the library of Chinese musical content in the app. These loops can be mixed and matched with Chinese instruments in GarageBand to create traditional music or entirely new styles. GarageBand for iOS also supports Live Loops, a new and intuitive way to create music by simply tapping cells and columns in a highly visual grid to trigger different looped instruments and samples. And, Live Loops in this update adds two new Chinese Live Loops grid templates, one traditional and one modern, showcasing a variety of Chinese instruments and percussion that are all playable via the Live Loops grid.  Chinese localization is also significantly enhanced across the entire app, with all sounds, loops and instruments now translated to Simplified Chinese or Traditional Chinese. Pricing & Availability  Today’s GarageBand 2.1.1 for iOS and GarageBand 10.1.2 for Mac updates are free for all existing users, and GarageBand is available for free with all new iOS and Mac devices. Customers with older, non-qualifying devices can purchase the app for $4.99 via the App Store® and Mac App Store. Users in Greater China will see these new features by default on iOS and OS X® after updating. Outside of Greater China, these new features are visible by default on OS X and can be enabled on iOS devices in the advanced settings menu. For more information about GarageBand for iOS, visit www.apple.com/ios/garageband and for more information about GarageBand for Mac, visit www.apple.com/mac/garageband. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Press Contacts: Colin Smith Apple colins@apple.com (408) 862-1171 Starlayne Meza Apple starlayne@apple.com (408) 974-3391 CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious FY 16 Second Quarter Results Conference Call Next PostNext Apple Announces New iOS App Design and Development Accelerator in Bengaluru Search Recent Posts Geospatial Corporation (GSPH: OTCQB) | Company Video Propanc Biopharma, Inc. (PPCH: OTCQB) | Symbol Change Organigram Holdings, Inc. (OGRMF: OTCQB) | Organigram Completes Acquisition of Trauma Healing Centers First Cobalt Corp (FTSSF: OTCQB) | First Cobalt Announces Option Grant Kenergy Scientific Inc. (KNSC: OTC Pink Limited) | Attorney Letter with Respect to Current Information Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Announces New iOS App Design and Development Accelerator in Bengaluru MUMBAI, India — May 18, 2016 — Apple® today announced a new initiative to support engineering talent and accelerate growth in India’s iOS developer community. The company will establish a Design and Development Accelerator in Bengaluru, the home of India’s startup scene. Tens of thousands of developers in India make apps for iOS, the world’s most powerful mobile operating system and the foundation for iPhone®, iPad® and iPod touch®. This initiative will provide additional, specialized support for them. Apple’s team will work to inspire and instruct developers on best practices, help them hone their skills and transform the design, quality and performance of their apps on the iOS platform. “India is home to one of the most vibrant and entrepreneurial iOS development communities in the world,” said Tim Cook, Apple’s CEO. “With the opening of this new facility in Bengaluru, we’re giving developers access to tools which will help them create innovative apps for customers around the world.” Each week, Apple experts will lead briefings and provide one-on-one app reviews for developers. The facility will also provide support and guidance on Swift™, Apple’s powerful and intuitive programming language created to build apps for iOS, Mac®, Apple TV® and Apple Watch®. Swift enables developers to write safer, more reliable code, save time and create richer app experiences. A recent report by developer placement firm Toptal shows jobs requesting Swift rose 600 percent in 2015. Bengaluru is now home to more technology startups than any other part of India. Over one million people in the city work in the tech sector, and over 40 percent of graduates from local universities specialize in engineering or information technology. “This is a huge vote of confidence in India’s developer community and a tremendous opportunity to gain world-class design and development expertise,” said Zomato CEO Deepinder Goyal. “Apple’s support will help drive growth and accelerate progress among the country’s vast talent pool.” “We have worked closely with Apple to transform the Snapdeal app and offer our users the best possible experience,” said Snapdeal co-founder and CEO Kunal Bahl. “Apple’s expert guidance on the interface and user experience has helped us build an app that our consumers love. We are thrilled Apple will have a local presence which will amplify our efforts to develop more high-quality apps for our digital commerce ecosystem.” “Apple’s investment in Bengaluru through its iOS Development Accelerator will have far-reaching effects for the area’s rapidly growing and highly talented developer community,” said NASSCOM President R Chandrashekhar. “The skills and training they gain through this effort will significantly improve their app design and help them reach a broader market. Initiatives like these move the country forward in our efforts to advance a growth-led and sustainable technology sector.” The iOS App Design and Development Accelerator is expected to open in early 2017. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Press Contacts: Katrina Tran Apple katrina_tran@apple.com +65 6480 4793 Anand Baskaran Apple abaskaran@apple.com +91 98450 28508   CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Celebrates Chinese Music with GarageBand Update Next PostNext Clinical Information System Market Analysis and In-Depth Analysis on Market Dynamics, Emerging Trends, Growth Factors and Forecast to 2020 Search Recent Posts Geospatial Corporation (GSPH: OTCQB) | Company Video Propanc Biopharma, Inc. (PPCH: OTCQB) | Symbol Change Organigram Holdings, Inc. (OGRMF: OTCQB) | Organigram Completes Acquisition of Trauma Healing Centers First Cobalt Corp (FTSSF: OTCQB) | First Cobalt Announces Option Grant Kenergy Scientific Inc. (KNSC: OTC Pink Limited) | Attorney Letter with Respect to Current Information Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Neowin Login Sign up News Latest Microsoft Google Apple Software Google wants to fix online advertisement with a new Chrome that automatically blocks ads 25 minutes ago Windows 7 user base on Steam continues to rise as Windows 10 falls to 50.01% 41 minutes ago Microsoft explains why it unintentionally released Windows 10 build 16212 today 3 hours ago No new Windows 10 Insider Preview builds this week while Microsoft fixes today's fiasco 4 hours ago View all recent news Windows 7 user base on Steam continues to rise as Windows 10 falls to 50.01% 40 minutes ago Microsoft explains why it unintentionally released Windows 10 build 16212 today 3 hours ago No new Windows 10 Insider Preview builds this week while Microsoft fixes today's fiasco 4 hours ago Round two: More accidental 16212 builds show up on Windows phones 5 hours ago View all Microsoft news Google launches new Gmail security measures to fight spam and phishing 16 hours ago Arrow Launcher gets updated to version 3.5 for beta testers, adding a bunch of new features May 31, 2017 Huawei will be selling the unlocked Honor 6X in Target stores in the US May 31, 2017 Andy Rubin's new Essential Phone has a nearly bezel-less display and modular accessories May 30, 2017 View all Google news Apple has paid out $70 billion to app developers since 2008 launch 6 hours ago Windows 10 market share continues to increase as XP falls below 7% for the first time 17 hours ago A new Outlook for Mac Insider Preview is now available for Fast ring users Jun 1, 2017 Apple may announce a Siri-powered speaker next week, but it won't ship until later this year May 31, 2017 View all Apple news qBittorrent 3.3.13 10 hours ago CPU-Z 1.79.1 12 hours ago OpenShot Video Editor 2.3.4 14 hours ago LameXP 4.15 20 hours ago View all software news Features Reviews Editorials Unboxings Trending Review: The best of both worlds, Samsung's new convertible wireless charger May 24, 2017 Bluboo Edge review: A curved screen gimmick on an entry-level smartphone May 21, 2017 Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Ultrabook review: No touchscreen, but has everything else [UPDATED] May 16, 2017 Samsung Galaxy S8+ (Exynos) review May 9, 2017 View all reviews Looking back: In 2016, Microsoft became one of the most exciting companies in the tech world Dec 31, 2016 Redmond delights: 10 reasons to be excited about Microsoft's future Nov 14, 2016 Editorial - When replacing your Samsung Galaxy Note7, consider these replacement options Oct 16, 2016 Editorial - Horde 3.0 changed my mind about Gears of War 4 Sep 7, 2016 View all editorials HTC U Ultra unboxing and first impressions Apr 16, 2017 End of the road: Microsoft terminates support for Windows Vista today Apr 11, 2017 HP EliteBook x360 G2 unboxing and first impressions Apr 4, 2017 HP Spectre x360 with pen and 4K display unboxing and first impressions Apr 4, 2017 View all unboxings Microsoft reveals "next generation of Skype", launching on Android; iOS and Windows later 15 hours ago Microsoft accidentally releases Windows 10 Mobile build 16212 to Insiders [Update] 9 hours ago Microsoft explains why it unintentionally released Windows 10 build 16212 today 3 hours ago The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion, Fallout 3, and Fallout: NV are now available DRM-free on GOG 14 hours ago View all trending news Forums Deals Recent Highlights Interests On a Budget Get this Complete Python Programming Bundle at 93% off via Neowin Deals - now just $79 18 hours ago Get this Unity System Samsung S8 Mount & Case Bundle for just $21.99 May 31, 2017 Get the Cisco CCNA Training Suite for just $39 via Neowin Deals May 30, 2017 Get this Sinji Panoramic Smart WiFi Camera for just $59.99 via Neowin Deals May 29, 2017 View all recent deals Best Sellers Pay What You Want Gear + Gadgets Software Bundles View all Neowin Deals For Developers Productivity Accessories E-Learning View all Neowin Deals Under $20 Freebies Giveaways View all Neowin Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ Apple has paid out $70 billion to app developers since 2008 launch By Paul Hill Neowin LLC @_paulh93 · 6 hours ago with 4 comments Apple has announced that it has paid out a whopping $70 billion USD to its global developer community since the App Store launched in 2008. Apple also stated that in the past 12 months, downloads have grown over 70 percent. Philip Schiller, Apple’s senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing, said: “People everywhere love apps and our customers are downloading them in record numbers. Seventy billion dollars earned by developers is simply mind-blowing. We are amazed at all of the great new apps our developers create and can’t wait to see them again next week at our Worldwide Developers Conference.” Upon hearing that Apple has paid out $70 billion, our minds may initially turn to the initial costs of an app. One important source that contributed to the total figure was app subscriptions. Subscriptions are available to developers making apps for all 25 available categories. Apple reports that the active paid subscriptions are up 58 percent year over year. Apple said that apps in the Gaming and Entertainment categories bring in the most revenue, with hit games helping with the revenue figure. Most games are free to download but then make money from in-game perks which help the player progress through the game. Source: Apple Tags Apple Ios Iphone Ipad Developers Wwdc Apps Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Follow @TwitterDev Previous Story Qualcomm's Quick Charge 4.0+ is safer and more efficient than its predecessors Next Story FTC says refunds now available from Amazon for unauthorised in-app purchases Community Activity Refresh Qualcomm's Quick Charge 4.0+ is safer and more efficient than its predecessors in Front Page News Windows 7 user base on Steam continues to rise as Windows 10 falls to 50.01% in Front Page News Google wants to fix online advertisement with a new Chrome that automatically blocks ads in Front Page News Logitech MX Master 2S and MX Anywhere 2S mice announced in Front Page News FTC says refunds now available from Amazon for unauthorised in-app purchases in Front Page News The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion, Fallout 3, and Fallout: NV are now available DRM-free on GOG in Front Page News CSS in Programming (C#, C++, JAVA, VB, .NET etc.) Microsoft explains why it unintentionally released Windows 10 build 16212 today in Front Page News Advertisement Trending Stories Microsoft reveals "next generation of Skype", launching on Android; iOS and Windows later 15 hours ago with 46 comments Microsoft accidentally releases Windows 10 Mobile build 16212 to Insiders [Update] 9 hours ago with 14 comments Microsoft explains why it unintentionally released Windows 10 build 16212 today 3 hours ago with 5 comments The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion, Fallout 3, and Fallout: NV are now available DRM-free on GOG 15 hours ago with 11 comments Related Stories Five months after its release, iOS 10 is now on 79% of active iOS devices Feb 22, 2017 Almost four months after its release, iOS 10 is now on 76% of active iOS devices Jan 6, 2017 In just a few hours since launch Super Mario Run has topped Apple's iTunes charts Dec 16, 2016 · Hot! iOS 10 is now on 54% of Apple's active mobile devices Oct 11, 2016 Show Comments 4 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first (thread view) Sort by newest first (thread view) Sort by oldest first (linear view) Sort by newest first (linear view) Advertisement Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] deals UltraBright 500-Lumen Tactical Military Flashlight: 2-Pack $100.00 $17.99 82% off Ivacy VPN: Lifetime Subscription $1,434.00 $29.95 98% off PureVPN: Lifetime Subscription $597.00 $89.00 85% off Cybersecurity Certification Mega Bundle $999.00 $69.00 93% off Private Internet Access VPN: 2-Yr Subscription $166.00 $59.95 64% off review The best of both worlds: Samsung's new convertible wireless charger convertible review Bluboo Edge: A curved screen gimmick on an entry-level smartphone bluboo edge review cshell, feature2 and the future Microsoft's Windows 10 mobile plans are becoming clearer windows 10 mobile always connected Microsoft and Qualcomm announce Windows 10 'Mobile PCs' with Snapdragon 835 snapdragon 835 codename 'northstar' Images emerge of Microsoft's cancelled 'Lumia 960' flagship lumia 960 Microsoft reveals the "next generation of Skype" across all major platforms skype First Xbox Insider build for Version 1706 rolls out to Alpha ring alpha ring VIDEO Hands on with the MateBook D, E and X, Huawei's new Windows 10 devices huawei INTERVIEW Talking AI-powered, human-refined translation with Unbabel's CEO unbabel Microsoft shows off new Windows Mixed Reality headsets from ASUS, Dell and Lenovo windows mixed reality Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
Skip to main content Windows Central Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions Windows Tablets & Laptops Surface Laptop Surface Pro 4 Surface Book Windows 10 Windows 10 S Windows 10 Mobile Windows Phones Lumia 950 XL Lumia 950 HP Elite x3 The Xbox Lounge Shop HOT DEAL$ Digital Deals All Accessories Cases & Covers Chargers & Cables Docks & Cradles Batteries Screen Protectors Laptop Buyers Guide Windows 10 Help & How To Best Windows Store Apps Best Windows Store Games Apps Microsoft Insider Program Surface Surface Tips Surface Laptop Surface Book Surface Pro Surface Pro 4 Surface Pro 3 Xbox Game Reviews Xbox LIVE Project Scorpio The Best Laptop Reviews Deals Today's Trending Tech Deals Digital Offers Dell Laptop Deals Live Help Podcast Log in or Sign up Fewer ads and it's free! Windows Central Forums All News Stories Phone News Surface News Windows News Xbox News MSFT News Apps Games Reviews Virtual Reality Help & How To Question & Answer Contests Shop Accessories Podcasts Videos Newsletter Contact us Tip Us On News Download our app! Android Central CrackBerry iMore Windows Central Tesla Central VR Heads MrMobile Modern Dad Take a break How to pause Windows Insider Updates for PC and Mobile Trick Canceling Updates Prevent accidental installation of Windows 10 Insider builds Windows Microsoft's Insider Program is offering broken builds right now Join us! Mobile Nations is looking for data analysts, growth hackers and more! Xbox Insider updates! Mixer co-streaming is now available to Xbox Insiders in the Beta Ring < > Surface Laptop Surface Pro Windows 10 Creators Update Best Laptops Best VPN Services Best Antivirus Surface Book Surface Pro 4 Lumia 950 XL Lumia 950 Windows 10 Pre-order: Surface Laptop | NEW Surface Pro I see you Mixer Create beta hands-on: Basic, for now, but nicely done By Richard Devine Thursday, Jun 1, 2017 at 3:00 pm EDT 53 Comments Right now it's more Periscope than anything, but it's a start. Alongside the big Mixer re-brand unveiled by Microsoft last week was news of its intention to allow folks to broadcast from their smartphones. Rather, their Apple or Android smartphones, anyway. Mixer Create beta is available right now on Android, still MIA on iPhone (likely because it's a beta and Apple doesn't do things the same as everyone else), and we've fired it up to take a look at what it's all about. Mixer, but barebones To view Mixer content you'll still need the regular application, Create is purely for broadcasting. While this means you have two Mixer apps on your phone, it also means that the addition of broadcasting support hasn't overcomplicated the existing Mixer app. Eventually, Mixer Create will allow you to stream your iOS and Android games to Mixer directly from your phone or tablet, which is pretty neat. There are some superb mobile games out there nowadays, and why wouldn't you want to stream something like VainGlory to your followers? Right now though, you can't do that. The initial launch of Mixer Create is very much a case of baby-steps. It's basically a Periscope-a-like, allowing you to broadcast yourself using the cameras on your phone. And that's about it. Basic, but works well So initially it's a very basic offering, but it works very well. Presumably, when game streaming comes into play there will be more options to change your resolution and frame rate, but for now those seem MIA. Once you're logged in you see a very basic representation of your dashboard with fields to change your stream title, the title of the game (or web show) you're streaming and the rating (because kids don't need to be seeing you swear into your phone). There's a handy little toolbar with some key shortcuts on there, like muting your microphone and accessing your chat, but otherwise, it's just you front and center. Or whatever the rear camera can see, because a single tap flips between both. One thing you must do is turn off the option in settings for having chat shown while broadcasting. Otherwise what you see above happens. But quality seems good, though while you can save a copy of your broadcast for on-demand viewing after, it hasn't happened to me yet. Maybe it takes longer or you have to do more than a very short test stream! But I'll keep playing with that. Create uses Faster Than Light (FTL), Mixer's super low-latency technology, which is particularly useful for broadcasting yourself and actually interacting with an audience. The future seems promising Despite its basic abilities right now, Mixer Create is actually really nicely done and extremely easy to use. For broadcasters on the go this could soon become an important part of their content creation, and we can't wait to revisit it when game streaming gets added in. Download Mixer Create beta from the Google Play Store Reader comments Mixer Create beta hands-on: Basic, for now, but nicely done 53 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Sort by Date Sort by Rating BKsInBarre But not available on Windows Mobile..Thanks Microsoft 27 11 hours ago Reply theefman Don't worry, as the article says, "the future seems promising"....... 4 11 hours ago Reply neo158 ...for this app... on Android!!!! 13 10 hours ago Reply cwilfried W10M in a month. 0 1 hour ago Reply bardo77n Token angry comment about lack of Windows support. 5 11 hours ago Reply coip Seems justified to me. Microsoft spent the past two BUILD conferences bragging to developers about how easy it is to port apps from iOS and Android to Windows 10, and how easy it is to make UWP apps run across all Windows 10 devices. As this is a Microsoft product and Windows 10 has 500 million+ active devices out there and it's supposedly so easy to port apps, then why is it so difficult for them to bring this app to Windows 10 devices, including phones? 8 8 hours ago Reply rodneyej MS obviously isn't done with mobile, so you would think these apps would also come to mobile regardless of makes share.... I'm sure Mixer will come to mobile, but there's no rush, well, because of market share... But, MS will bring it to It's own platform when they are ready...... Still super frustrating for fans, though. 0 5 hours ago Reply NarcoSleepy [Insert obligatory post about why apps always come to everything EXCEPT windows platforms] 7 11 hours ago Reply rodneyej What, do you think it's funny? -1 5 hours ago Reply NarcoSleepy Ummmmm.  Yes. Yes I do. 0 4 hours ago Reply sholokov Why is this article here? I'm trying to find a logical reason. Seriously, this is not sarcasm. 5 11 hours ago Reply Matt Brown Because it's a brand feature for one of Microsoft's big new gaming services. We're gonna be seeing a lot more of the service in the coming weeks on Xbox and Windows. 9 10 hours ago Reply TheRealBatman Hope to see it on mobile. Wp might be dead but we keep getting new apps. 3 10 hours ago Reply rodneyej How is it dead?.... Explain. -1 5 hours ago Reply Daniel Rubino Microsoft owns Mixer. Mixer is on Xbox and streams games. Mixer Create is a new app for that. I don't see how that is hard to follow. Seriously, this is not sarcasm. 2 8 hours ago Reply jemaho Oh, that's why the picture of the article is an android phone, insert sarcasm!!!!! 1 8 hours ago Reply Sin Ogaris So I guess the site also shouldn't discuss new products from Razer, Dell, Lenovo, etc then? 0 34 sec ago Reply kenzibit Not on our platform so why should I care or use? 9 11 hours ago Reply Basi Abodes Yes.. True -1 10 hours ago Reply rodneyej We need two MS related sites.... One general site, and one MS site. -1 5 hours ago Reply monedetoune i could have just went to android central for this. wtf guys? 3 11 hours ago Reply Daniel Rubino Go here or there, it's fine. 0 8 hours ago Reply andresalviar I think we should all chill out about windows Phone and stop thinking there's a future for it. We should all accept it already and move to iOS or Android. Moreover we should be telling Microsoft to port all the good things about Windows Phone and it's apps to these ecosystems. 0 7 hours ago Reply rodneyej Serious question, Daniel.... Since this is also Android news that's helpful to Android fans, did it also run on Android Central? Is that what you meant by your comment? 0 5 hours ago Reply sanjeet_deshwal Lol they both are under mobile nation.So, they don't have any whether you use this or ac 0 3 hours ago Reply theefman Is this service actually seeing any significant usage? Apart from the rah-rah WinCentral articles there doesnt seem to be much mention of this streaming service anywhere else, and its not exactly brimming with content when i searched for a few games. -2 10 hours ago Reply Herbert Ackermans Begins to be more and more just Microsoft Central.... 3 10 hours ago Reply maktaba WPCentral --> Windows Central --> Microsoft Central 1 10 hours ago Reply Sin Ogaris Eventually it'll just be Central. 0 0 sec ago Reply rodneyej Well, I think it is??? 0 5 hours ago Reply missionsparta Hahaha...Android and iOS...and you wonder why they keep making articles on hoe to get off this ship that Nutella rammed intentionally straight into an iceberg? Until you guys get on board with them having to dump this greedy lame duck CEO, it's only going to get worse. "Hey, Microsoft is only a software company! You need to realize that!"....Says the guy who owns an Xbox, Surface Tablet, etc. Get real. There is one major problem here and he is all about him making a buck at the expense of the long term health of this company. Get on board or you are part of the problem. 0 10 hours ago Reply pessimistic observer Longterm health of microsoft would have them leave consumer space all together you people are to fickle. 1 9 hours ago Reply missionsparta I'm realistic. You people are appologists -1 9 hours ago Reply maktaba Actually, saying that Microsoft is just a software company cannot be an excuse in the first place, because Windows on phones is a software, not hardware. We're not asking them to manufacture Windows phones, all we're asking that they keep Windows 10 Mobile alive - whether they make Windows phones themselves or let the OEMs do it. 0 9 hours ago Reply Ruben Tavares Teixeira Wont happen. A stand alone surface phone wont save anyone. Will be too expensive for us. Wont get market share. A way out as been sorely pointed out to iphone or android in the one windows forum that is windows central. The "how to change" mantra... Read the signs friends.. We are in denial a long time now... -1 8 hours ago Reply missionsparta We? I'm not in denial. Everything i have said is dead accurate. 0 8 hours ago Reply fdruid Yeah, I don't care a lot for this article if it's not out for Windows, sorry. Everyone else's mileage may vary. 3 9 hours ago Reply rodneyej Yep.. It's still called "Windows Central""... This isn't even on Windows, is it? 0 5 hours ago Reply Montpbm At this point I'm just waiting to see what the Note 8 has to offer. I'm really tired of Microsoft. 0 9 hours ago Reply crise Who the **** cares. Fk Android and iOS 3 9 hours ago Reply SirPwn4g3 It's part of the Windows ecosystem.  Don't be petty. -4 8 hours ago Reply crise I would go to another website if I wanted that news 2 8 hours ago Reply Ruben Tavares Teixeira Here... We do not care about nothing MS does that is not for in house use. So... No, not the place, offending fans all over day by day. If you want us to get out no need to push, we know the way to the door thank you. Waiting on nokias arrival to Portugal. Thats it. 0 8 hours ago Reply SirPwn4g3 Your Vainglory link just takes you right back to this article, fix? 0 8 hours ago Reply coip Making Mixer a competitor to both Twitch and Periscope (and, really, Facebook Live too) seems like a good idea as it probalby shouldn't be too hard to incorporate broadcasting features into a streaming service. However, I really loathe the fact that it requires a separate app. I hate that trend. Put it all in one app. It's far less confusing and far more convenient. 0 8 hours ago Reply Ruben Tavares Teixeira Good to see it on a Microsoft mobile terminal.... MS, you are doing the right thing... For us to let you go. Forever. 0 8 hours ago Reply Ruben Tavares Teixeira Oh and by the way... This was sent from my dying and lagging every day more lumia 950 xl.. Sad the way you dealt my money MS... Not one peny more. FY. 0 8 hours ago Reply Kadcidxa Damn this is getting confusing. Mixer, Mixer Create, Remix 3D, Story Remix, Paint 3D... 0 8 hours ago Reply vEEP pEEP Moderator - pleave move this to Android Central... 3 5 hours ago Reply rodneyej Lol... They aren't 0 5 hours ago Reply rodneyej Ssssssssiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiigggggggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.......🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄 0 5 hours ago Reply TheFryerD I think MS doesn't know what to do with their products. mixer is PC/Xbox... But yet twitch is on PS4,Xbox, and PC. If they want to have a chance they need to be on everything! Something goes For MS Edge, it needs to be able to be downloaded from any device, Phones, Macs, and maybe even the PS4 (if that's possible). 0 3 hours ago Reply tha playday There they go with that bullshit again. Do they have any shame. Once again stop trying to manipulate people to going over to the other phones. There is no reason to mention any other system but windows. So now we must make this a big deal. Expose Microsoft for what they are doing. Gonna make a offer to pay peoples cell phone for 2 years to switch to windows phones. Starting there and spreading the word that Microsoft and Windows central are trying to pull some ****. Once again **** you ndroid and **** you pple we don't want them and never will try another way to con and try rule if they are not then why not only have windows phone and only Windows thing on here? Evil ******* -1 1 hour ago Reply 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2016 Mobile Nations • Terms and Conditions • Privacy Policy • Careers: Writer | Dev • Licensing • External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
Skip to main content Windows Central Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions Windows Tablets & Laptops Surface Laptop Surface Pro 4 Surface Book Windows 10 Windows 10 S Windows 10 Mobile Windows Phones Lumia 950 XL Lumia 950 HP Elite x3 The Xbox Lounge Shop HOT DEAL$ Digital Deals All Accessories Cases & Covers Chargers & Cables Docks & Cradles Batteries Screen Protectors Laptop Buyers Guide Windows 10 Help & How To Best Windows Store Apps Best Windows Store Games Apps Microsoft Insider Program Surface Surface Tips Surface Laptop Surface Book Surface Pro Surface Pro 4 Surface Pro 3 Xbox Game Reviews Xbox LIVE Project Scorpio The Best Laptop Reviews Deals Today's Trending Tech Deals Digital Offers Dell Laptop Deals Live Help Podcast Log in or Sign up Fewer ads and it's free! Windows Central Forums All News Stories Phone News Surface News Windows News Xbox News MSFT News Apps Games Reviews Virtual Reality Help & How To Question & Answer Contests Shop Accessories Podcasts Videos Newsletter Contact us Tip Us On News Download our app! Android Central CrackBerry iMore Windows Central Tesla Central VR Heads MrMobile Modern Dad Take a break How to pause Windows Insider Updates for PC and Mobile Trick Canceling Updates Prevent accidental installation of Windows 10 Insider builds Windows Microsoft's Insider Program is offering broken builds right now Join us! Mobile Nations is looking for data analysts, growth hackers and more! Xbox Insider updates! Mixer co-streaming is now available to Xbox Insiders in the Beta Ring < > Surface Laptop Surface Pro Windows 10 Creators Update Best Laptops Best VPN Services Best Antivirus Surface Book Surface Pro 4 Lumia 950 XL Lumia 950 Windows 10 Pre-order: Surface Laptop | NEW Surface Pro Plus. SE. Regular. Older? Best iPhones for Windows Mobile converts By Dennis Bednarz Thursday, Jun 1, 2017 at 12:00 pm EDT 130 Comments Dennis Bednarz is a writer for Windows Central and the guy behind ModMyi. He has been a recognised member of the Microsoft community for years and owns everything from Lumia phones to Surface PCs. He occasionally likes to rant about Windows Phone and drink tea. You can go ahead and follow him on Twitter at @DennisBednarz If you're the victim of the collapsing platform that is Windows 10 Mobile, you might be looking at a new iPhone and not be sure which one to choose. We've got you covered. There are a few different iPhones to choose from — depending on your needs and what you're coming from, there's an iPhone to meet your demands. Choosing the right phone might be a tough thing but we will help you along the way. So let's approach this from the Windows Phone you're using today. Big phones: Microsoft Lumia 950 XL and HP Elite x3 Some people need big phones as they have big hands or simply prefer to see more content on the screen. Apple does offer a big phone which is the iPhone 7 Plus. While the screen-to-body ratio is garbage in comparison to the Elite x3 or the Lumia 950 XL, it still has a big 5.5-inch screen. This is a tad smaller than the 6-inch HP Elite x3 and the 5.7-inch Microsoft Lumia 950 XL, though the difference shouldn't be too noticeable and you should still have plenty of room on the screen. Another benefit that bigger phones bring is bigger batteries. While Apple doesn't offer a single device which could beat the HP Elite x3 battery life, beating the Microsoft Lumia 950 XL is an easier nut to crack. If you don't care about the screen size, and only about the battery, surprisingly, the smallest phone Apple has available does an outstanding job in lasting a whole day with heavy usage. The iPhone SE is definitely a longevity beast, but the little 4-inch screen may be a deal breaker. If you're on a budget and don't mind a slightly less-attractive design around back, the last generation iPhone 6s Plus should be more than enough for you. See iPhone 7 Plus at Apple In the middle: Microsoft Lumia 950 and Nokia Lumia 930 If you're looking for a smaller iPhone, but not a too small one, then the regular iPhone 7 may be what you're looking for. If you happen to own a regular Microsoft Lumia 950 or the older Lumia 930, then you'll feel right at home with the regular variants of the iPhone. While the screen size is smaller than both of the Windows competitors, sitting at 4.7 inches, it doesn't feel small while going from a slightly bigger display. The biggest disadvantage of the iPhone 7 is the lack of the headphone jack (an adapter is included), and if that's a very important feature for you, buying the last-generation iPhone 6s may be a better option. The iPhone 7 is a very fast phone which still performs wonderfully on latest versions of iOS, and the difference between it and the iPhone 7 is unnoticeable which leaves it with only one con of going with it over the iPhone 7: the support. The iPhone 6s will be discontinued a year earlier than the iPhone 7 if Apple keeps their current strategy — though Apple has historically supported older iPhones with new software updates on launch for at least a few years, the iPhone 6s will still stop getting updates before the iPhone 7 does. See iPhone 7 at Apple Fun-sized: Microsoft Lumia 640 and Microsoft Lumia 650 The Microsoft Lumia 640 and the 650 are both low-to-mid-end phones that amazed with their value. While Apple may not be the most affordable alternative out there, and maybe not the best bang for you buck, there is a budget iPhone with some good specifications and quality. The iPhone SE is Apple's answer to everyone asking for a compact and affordable iPhone, packing the powerful specifications found in the iPhone 6s. The iPhone SE is definitely the most inexpensive iPhone to date, and if you're on a budget then the iPhone SE is your best iPhone option. The biggest drawback of this iPhone SE is its screen size, at a mere 4 inches. If you happen to like small screens, then it's great for you, but it might feel claustrophobic compared to the 5-inch displays of the Microsoft Lumia 640 or 650. See iPhone SE at Apple Bonus If none of the options Apple offers at the moment seems appealing, then waiting can be your best option. Apple is expected to release a new iPhone in the fall, and the iPhone 8 is expected to bring huge design changes to the long-stable iPhone line. Of course, you should take those rumors with a grain of salt — nothing is official until it's announced — but they're all looking quite promising. Conclusion The iPhone is a great alternative for Windows phone users who feel left out and abandoned. It's getting constant support and attention from Apple, it supports a multitude of apps and is easy to navigate. Different models fit different people and hopefully, you should now b able to make a choice which model of the iPhone is the best for you. Related iMore's ultimate iPhone guide Reader comments Best iPhones for Windows Mobile converts 130 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Sort by Date Sort by Rating netmann Here we go again! 30 14 hours ago Reply Pallav Chakraborty There should be a way to filter all android and ios news in the app. I don't like to open the app and see apple bs greeting me. 18 13 hours ago Reply AndyCalling Yep, I would love a news section appropriate to this stuff so we could keep it from making me spit out my tea each morning at work. The works monitor can't take the punishment any more. Or, you know, you could put it on the sister sites dedicated to Apple and Google. Windows users looking to migrate will naturally take a look at those sites to make their decisions of course, it's a shame the articles relevant to them get misfiled so consistently. 10 13 hours ago Reply procen LOL! Windowscentral don't have any file system, they just dump everything in one place. :-P 1 10 hours ago Reply TheEvil1 Tired of this s*. Want Spyware OS? Want 1890s OS? That's fine! Just stop the f* evangelisms'! I don't care! I'm very happy with my Lumia. 5 11 hours ago Reply bleached If you like the walled garden experience and limited customization options of Windows phone then iPhone will probably be a great fit. You might also want to try a Mac. They also give the locked down experience that some people prefer. What Macs would Windows Central suggest? 6 14 hours ago Reply AndyCalling I don't know about Windows Central, but I recommend a Mac with pockets big enough to keep your Lumia 950XL or HP Elite handset safe and dry. 2 13 hours ago Reply DJCBS The Surface Laptop. Oh wait. That's not a Mac? My bad. 1 12 hours ago Reply bleached I was disappointed a bit by the build quality of the Surface Laptop. The Alcantara is cool, just the seam around the edges is rough. Hopefully they will clean that up for shipping devices. The Surface Pro looks really good. I am not inspired to replace my Pro 3 yet. It still performs fine and is in great shape after a couple years. 0 11 hours ago Reply DJCBS My SP3 is also fine. My only complaint is the fans that kick off a lot and it becomes way too noisy... But I'm also not only skeptical about a fanless i5 processor... I sure as Hell won't pay more for a tablet that no longer even brings the pen than I paid for the SP3. Prices up and features down is the right recipe for me to not buy it. 0 6 hours ago Reply n8ter#AC Macs can run Windows, so getting a Mac is actually a great idea, IMO. You can run Windows 10 on it with full support, while still keeping the benefits of macOS - and it has many benefits, particularly when used in tandem with an iPhone (no other device combination comes close). Secondly, I don't see an issue with the Walled Garden Approach. As long as their platforms continue to be ground zero for start-ups (and this includes macOS, which seems to be getting more support from entrant developers than Windows 10 at this point), it doesn't need to change. It does make support considerably easier, and their manner of vetting apps does have positive security implications - even if it may tick off some developers (i.e. lag times in getting updates to show up on the App Stores). A lot of the malware on mobile devices come from infected apps installed from outside of the Official App Stores for those respective ecosystems (Apple App Store, Google Play, Microsoft Store, Amazon Appstore, etc.). Windows Central doesn't need to suggest Macs. Apple has partitioned off their PCs into fairly self-evident categories of the market. The PCs suggest themselves, as long as you have a clue what you need a PC for... No one who needs a workstation will buy an iMac, they will buy a Mac Pro. No one who needs a desktop-class Laptop will buy a MacBook or MacBook Air. They will buy a MacBook Pro. People on strict budgets would buy a Mac Mini, etc. "Suggestions" apply only to the Windows and Android markets, where you have an overflow of devices coming from disparate vendors. This plethora of choice confuses consumers, so they scrounge the internet for reviews and "suggestions." In any case, suggesting Macs isn't a bad thing. They can run Windows, and the OS is fully supported on those machines. Any arguments beyond that are predominantly straw mans, trolling, and posturing. A Mac isn't just a Mac. It's literally a Windows PC, as well. You just have to supply your own copy of Windows for it. -2 9 hours ago Reply Basi Abodes No, never look a iPhone as my future Phone. 12 14 hours ago Reply Dragonboypr I think apple and Microsoft have some kind of arrangement in the mobile business maybe a store share program in both ecosystem -1 14 hours ago Reply MrElectrifyer Meh, unless you really want to keep the pointlessly restricted, planned obsolescence ( http://www.phonearena.com/news/Lawsuit-filed-against-Apple-over-iPhone-4... | http://bfy.tw/C2M4 ) haven experience of Windows phones, especially on an outdated, feature-lacking, wall hugger hardware ( https://youtu.be/h288yfeaivw ) selling at a premium, Android is the way out of the Windows Mobile platform.... -4 14 hours ago Reply MCcloud88 ffs 5 14 hours ago Reply lucktr Spineless twats... That's the problem with people today. Many don't stand for anything. ~ if you live for people's acceptance, you'll die from their rejection.... 1 14 hours ago Reply Steve Adams whiney ***** lucktr....windows 10 moible is done....they are not making phones.  ******* FANBOYS.    -19 13 hours ago Reply anthonyjdedrick WTF? 4 13 hours ago Reply sholokov I agree. One of these days, we'll all get fed up and quit WC together as a crowd. I'm certain a good percentage of users will fall off the radar if this continues. 0 12 hours ago Reply theefman Not sure I'd call those iphones "different", very little variation apart from screen size. 4 14 hours ago Reply SvenJ There's also storage capacity (which you can't augment) and price. Oh yea, and color. ;) 1 13 hours ago Reply libra89 I would agree with this guide. The iPhone SE is solid though, it would be nice if Microsoft had something similar, along with similar specs. 0 14 hours ago Reply maktaba No doubt iPhone SE is a good phone, but you'll be sorry for buying a device with such a small screen! Not only will you be constantly tapping on the wrong letter when using the keyboard, you will be forced to rotate the phone for landscape orientation to see the rest of the text result when searching in Safari! 0 13 hours ago Reply Steve Adams yeah.  i find the se screen too small...the iphone 6s is the sweet spot.  small enough,  but not to small....big enough but not too big,  plus it has headphone jack, and all the cool features like touch id, touch sense etc....all very cool! -3 13 hours ago Reply maktaba SE has headphone jack and touch ID, but no 3D touch. But the touch ID is much faster in 6s than in SE. 0 13 hours ago Reply Steve Adams Oh i know....I was just commenting on size,  and how much I like the features in my 6s.  I would get an se for on  motorcycle using it in a lifeproof case for GPS/topo, music etc through my helmet,  kayaking etc where I want to keep my 6s at home. -1 12 hours ago Reply camaroz1985 I don't have either of those issues.  Works well for me.  After a week it just seems normal. 1 13 hours ago Reply libra89 I have had my SE for slightly more than a year and I can't say that I have ever felt that way. 0 13 hours ago Reply camaroz1985 You know I agree, and it is a suitable replacement device even as long as you don't need the screen size of a 950XL or X3. 1 13 hours ago Reply Lepoete There are two things which make sure I'll never have an iPhone: -No MicroSD card slot and no back button (and also on iPhone 7 no headphone jack). I'll never get a phone without storage expansion possiblity.  MicroSD is essential to me.  And the back button, I'm always lost when gets time to go back on iPhone, you can in an app if they put themselves a back button, but that won't take you back from one app to the other like it can on Windows and Android. I know all about iPhones because I'm stuck with that as business phone, that's what they give at the office.  But I've got my lovely 950xl as my personal phone, so the iPhone gets used only for business matter. 6 14 hours ago Reply D3V011 After about a dozen Windows Phones over the past decade, I finally switched to an iPhone 7 late last year, due to lack of apps on WP. I totally agree on the lack of a back button.  At least a few times a day, I find myself staring at an app, wondering where (if) there's a software back button somewhere. As to the lack of a headphone jack, this too has become a problem for me.  I bought an adaptor so I could charge the phone while listening to music in my car (via my car's AUX port.)  Then, a couple of months ago, Apple pushed an update to the iPhone that KILLED the adaptor because it wasn't made by Apple.  That's a dick move, even for pathologically paternalistic Apple. 7 13 hours ago Reply MrElectrifyer "Then, a couple of months ago, Apple pushed an update to the iPhone that KILLED the adaptor because it wasn't made by Apple" Hahahaha, such "courage". Yet another prime example of why I say iPhones are a pointlessly restricted and planned obsolescence haven (on top of my over half a decade of using them jailbroken). Also further proves that JerryRigEverthing was right about their stupid removal of the headphone jack: https://youtu.be/PmTSN4zWeQ0 Eitherway, what accessory was it? Mind posting a link to it? 1 13 hours ago Reply D3V011 Here's the adaptor I was using, which worked perfectly until Apple killed it: https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B01M712WZT/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o07_s...   1 13 hours ago Reply L0n3N1nja They put out an update a few years ago that stopped many lightning cords from working so you had to buy an Apple certified charger and cable. 1 9 hours ago Reply SvenJ Stop wondering. If at the top left there isn't an option to go 'back to [whatever app you came from]' there isn't a way beyond double tap into task manager/switcher. 0 13 hours ago Reply Steve Adams you can just swype from the left....instant back "button"...much better actually.    0 12 hours ago Reply D3V011 It's a press & swipe, actually, and that isn't the same as a back button. 3 12 hours ago Reply TRay D Yeah, I totally agree. Swype right is the back button. Press on left side of screen and switch or close apps. 0 5 hours ago Reply D3V011 It isn't the same as the WP back button.  Swipe right just switches apps.  The WP back button also backs up within apps. 1 5 hours ago Reply RaRa85 Just pay Apple the extra arm and leg to get the higher storage model.lol I'm with you on that. 0 10 hours ago Reply rromerof I can say that back button is absolutely no issue for me, in iOS there exists this awesome gesture that makes the back action for you, just by swiping right from the left border of the screen, although there are developers that don't implement this gesture. 0 8 hours ago Reply Cryio Fun fact: The iPhone SE is faster than Lumia 950 XL, HP X3 or Idol 4S. 0 14 hours ago Reply Shaheed Malik More Win Central bs. 2 14 hours ago Reply revsev205 Blasphemy 2 13 hours ago Reply Physman369 I don't understand the persistence with these articles. If people want to convert shouldn't they be converting to your other blogs where they can learn about converting to that platform there. Clearly this is nothing more than flame driven disdain for the W10 Phone platform. If you actually have a heads up that MS is dumping mobile outright, then just put out the goods. If you want to speculate that's good too, but these types of articles are simply categorically misplaced, and only serve to flame, and bait silly controversy. Moderate comments appropriately, and drive the interested to the blogs that handle the platforms folks are interested in. That's my $.02. 15 13 hours ago Reply Dennis Bednarz We are no longer the Windows Phone Central. We are Windows Central. The "general Microsoft hub for everything Microsoft". As Microsoft is pushing out a lot of work on iOS and Android, it's natural that we cover these platforms here. People need to understand that we would even write about a Chromebook if it ran full Office 365, and Android Central would, without a doubt, write about Chrome appearing in the Windows Store if that was the case. We are not bout to platforms. We cover everything Microsoft. We are not going to start writing about updates for Apple Music or how to change your wallpaper on a Mac. Where is Microsoft in that? However, if Microsoft suddenly decided to release the Edge browser for Mac, what is the reason we shouldn't cover it? I've noticed that Windows 10 Mobile users are literally avoiding information about iOS and Android. I've done that myself back when I used Windows Phone 7.0-Windows 10 Mobile. By not looking at how well these platforms are doing, we are reducing the pain that Microsoft gave us by destroying something such beautiful as Windows Phone. This is obviously just speculation, but that is how I see it. People here don't want any coverage about other platforms as it feels like a punch, where Android fans had zero problems with Android Central covering Apple Music for Android. I am not expecting this situation to change. But these are my two cents. I expect to get really downvoted but I feel like everyone should have the right to express their mind. Even people telling me to "go kill myself" through Twitter DMs. -3 8 hours ago Reply kevinh8053 Very well said.👍 -1 6 hours ago Reply RohanRonQM I downvoted you because you asked to. :) 0 3 hours ago Reply unmorphed I think people don't want ios out android information here because you can get it any and everywhere else... but Windows news, not so much. IOS is crammed down people's throat everywhere, if we wanted it, we would not be here. 0 46 min ago Reply erzhik iOS is just too locked and never changes, which is annoying. I'm going with Android. 4 13 hours ago Reply FerdiFerdi Jeez... what an indictment of MS! -2 13 hours ago Reply Steve Adams NO it's not.   Its reality.  windows mobile is DONE.  god knows when or if there is another windows based phone ever coming out...apple is more stable, has better quality apps, OS etc....it's a great fit for a device to go along with your windows 10 computer! -3 13 hours ago Reply sholokov Look up Mobile PC in yesterday's news. Microsoft working on to get the next Snapdragon 835 on their ultra small pocket mobile PC that will run Windows 10 on the ARM processor. Yes, it's news but it's progress. They haven't stopped. 2 12 hours ago Reply bleached That wasn't the news. The rumor is Microsoft is working on a new mobile platform with a new UI to replace W10M. It isn't connected to WoA according to Paul Thurrott. 0 11 hours ago Reply Shaheed Malik ^ And they knew this months ago with CShell. When WP8.1 died and getting replaced with W10m, they didn't do articles like this. These dumb "the sky is falling articles". All because W10m is dead because it is going to be replaced with W10, doesn't mean the whole ecosystem is dead and abandon ship. 0 10 hours ago Reply bleached No, again, the recent rumor isn't CShell. It is a new platform to replace W10M. These are just projects at this point though. It will be at least a year before any of this stuff is announced or released. For the moment, the ecosystem is dead for mobile. When even Windows Central is telling you to buy a different platform, you know the future isn't looking bright. 1 10 hours ago Reply Grungni Apple Central... 6 13 hours ago Reply Steve Adams NO it's windows central...they have PLENTY of windows based articles about windows products STILL IN PRODUCTION.   Too bad fanboys have such clouded vision and cannot see that. -4 12 hours ago Reply sholokov Find me Android or Windows news on imore website, owned by Mobile Nation. 3 12 hours ago Reply Grungni Clue's in the name... WINDOWS central... 0 10 hours ago Reply Dheeraj Sukumaran i bought a 6s :) and really happy. still have my Lumia 640xl with me using it as my work phone -1 13 hours ago Reply ISO_117 best iPhone for converts is no iPhone, if i had too (which will most likely never happen) it'll be android for me. 3 13 hours ago Reply RohanRonQM I would go back to Blackberry! 0 3 hours ago Reply JeremyMN Which news site is best for Windows central converts... I'm tired of these articles and Cortana seems to be doing a better job at getting me info than this. 3 13 hours ago Reply Texas8412 No 0 13 hours ago Reply Khaaannn I am REQUIRED to use an iPhone 5 SE for my work and I can say without reservation that I HATE IT! I have a 950 for my personal use and I cannot WAIT until my work day is done and I can drop this little **** and start using my 950 again (I cannot use my 950 for work because our Enterprise Control system does not support Windows 10 Phones.) The iPhone 5 SE is slow, inconsistent, and Safari has to be the absolute WORST BROWSER in history. Sure I have access to 30 million (slightly different) versions of IM apps, anything a 13-year-old-Girl would crave, and 2 million versions of Candy Crush Saga, and yes, all the Microsoft Apps are available: Word, Excel, Powerpoint, Outlook, Skype for Business, etc. It's just that I HATE the dinky little screen and fiddly touch response that randomly swerves from Poor to Awful at will. Safari SUCKS and the built-in Mail app is a PITA to use. The only GOOD thing about it is the wonderful battery life. Compared to the 950 it runs a good 2x the battery of the 950. There are also TONS of accessories available in every shape and size. If you just want to use the latest and greatest Snapchat and Pintrist apps and don't want to think about using your phone, then the iPhone is for you (and I really would recommend it for your kids.) If you really want to control things, go with a GOOD Android phone, not the low cost junk, they are just terrible. Again, just my opinion, but I have to use this 5 SE daily.......sigh. 6 13 hours ago Reply sholokov Thanks. I'll make sure my kids never get iPhone so they can stay away from those chat apps as much as possible. 2 12 hours ago Reply ivakara33 The problem is: there is no dual SIM iPhone! 0 13 hours ago Reply Numa Lapeyre Crap!!!!!!!!!!!!  If MS can't do decent fix for mobile or dithers around with its software issues that just shows that or when it comes out with its next greatest fiasco the surface phone there will be no takers. It's like pulling the plug on XP when OEM did not provide drivers for win 10 OS upgrade and you were forced to go back. The hardware is fine  spec wise but MS can't get its act together ie.  on Win 10 mobile. Thank god  8.1 mobile works great still on lumias 1020 and 1520s but wait MS will surely pull the rug out one of these days.  0 13 hours ago Reply thevisualhero why Iphones? I made the jump from my lumia 720 to a galaxy grand prime, then a S7 edge, best decision ever 2 13 hours ago Reply TheTruQ Is this article for real? I guess I figured that choosing a device size is just a matter of preference. All iPhones still run iOS. Are there skins now, like Android? If you want an iPhone, you just want one. I don't see the need for all the breakdown. 1 13 hours ago Reply taturo Excellent info supporting WC loyal fans... way to go!! Today I'll buy an iphone 7 after many many nokia phones and windows phones, my last one RIP was a L950 (I bought it nov-2015) which was a crap phone with a crap OS, it stopped working and several times tried to returnt it but it had a crack on the screen and they wouldn't exchange it. TODAY I'LL SAY BYE BYE TO many years of a being a loyal customer to MSFT, I already switched to google chrome (I even was loyal to explorer and edge). NO more MSFT, no more Edge, no more groove suscription, etc, etc. MSFT has turned its back to their customer and now I contribute to their policy of turning your back to someone to support you.      0 13 hours ago Reply Leo Moshi Funny to go from Lumia 950 xl to iPhone 6 mmmh Samsung galaxy s7 and 8 rocks.. I have s7 and I don't use it much as I use my Lumia 0 13 hours ago Reply FinnBogg Is this fool being paid by apple? Once again this is a Microsoft forum. Go away with your Apple crap. We are not interested. If we wanted to know about iphones we would read the apple forum. 5 13 hours ago Reply tawhite66 Agree, this is getting old! 3 13 hours ago Reply 89caps Not that hard to pick from the latest two iPhones to be released. 0 13 hours ago Reply unmorphed These articles are starting to get stupid. Like there's a multitude of iphones to choose from. 4 12 hours ago Reply Steve Adams There are,  you can buy the SE, 6s 6s plus, 7 and 7 plus.....There are more IPHONE variants available right now than windows 10 moible devices....so agian please..... -2 12 hours ago Reply taturo LOL you're right!! 0 12 hours ago Reply mythos13 You missed an option--I'm waiting for the iPhone 8. I normally would have preferred the openess of Android but Googlle has allowed it to become a morass of malware, mostly spyware, as are Google services so not that is not an option. I'll grudingly decide on which iPhone once I see the iPhone8 options -1 12 hours ago Reply Brett McMicken If/when the day comes to leave my 640 XL, it will be for Android. 1 12 hours ago Reply Avni Maheshwari1 Hello Mr. editor. This comment is for you. You cannot say to a girl to abandon her father with whom she shares an unbreakable bond just for the reason that her father is ill and she just let him die in peace likewise you cannot tell windows users to switch to iPhone just because there are very less possibilities of hope. If you have developed a disease then you will also be having its cure. Instead of suggesting people the right iPhone you better take out the flaws and elimimate the obstacles that are stopping Microsoft to succeed. I am a die heart fan of Windows and I am literally waiting for the Surface Phone by Microsoft. I use Lumia 640 and you can never influence me to switch to any other device. Andriods were **** and will always be **** whether they come up with 4gigs of ram or 8gigs of ram, the consumer ultimately gets to use only 10% of ram rest is already used by the system. But here with Windows i am so happy. Lumia 640 has only 1GB of ram but it still works the best, no lags no hang ups nothing. Iphone is a different thing. Its is more like a status symbol and also not affordable by everyone. I say to you guyz who all love windows should stay with it no matter how much time it takes to introduce a new piece and rest who feel like switching can surely go for iPhone or whatever. But I am gonna be waiting because I know that this company has potential and it would surely come up with a very advance device and which everyone would love. Thats all. 2 12 hours ago Reply webnoi Please, stop pushing us to other platforms! 1 12 hours ago Reply Darpan A Patel I joined this WindowsCentral to support Windows community. This bribed crooked is writing things what I don't think suitable for enthusiasm and love for Windows & Microsoft. So I am leaving such a harsh comment for you pal. I was thinking to leave this WS but then I thought of keep reading your Anti Microsoft comments until we have Surface Phone. I like my freedom and I cant leave Windows even by the Dooms Day. And I would rather choose Sillindroids then ShyPhones. I just have brand new MacBook Pro with Touch bar. And in my opinion, I neither liked hardware or software. Reasons I don't like, 1. There are many applications not compatible with this MacBook and their OS. 2. I found many features missing in Macbook version of Applications compare to Applications made for Windows. 3. Where is my Touch screen? 4. If there is no touch screen then how do I do all cool and productive tasks I do with Windows? I can write more but I gotta go. 0 12 hours ago Reply Dennis Bednarz This is an article about iOS, not macOS or MacBooks. 0 8 hours ago Reply DJCBS The only iPhone worth having is the iPhone SE... And even that one doesn't make an iPhone worth having. 0 12 hours ago Reply the_craze These articles consistently get 100 or more comments each time they pop up. As long as people keep taking the bait every time, I'm sure they will continue 0 12 hours ago Reply blackprince Conclusion: Im not buying an iPhone. 3 12 hours ago Reply Serpentbane This is WINDOWScentral.com, if people need to change to some iRobot device, let them go to ineedicrapdevices.com or wearetherobots.net instead. Yes, I'm a fanboy. If you people want me continue reading this site, stop the iRobot (fake) news. If I wanted that I'd just read EVERY SINGLE MOBILE website there is. But I don't. I'm here for the Microsoft and Windows news. Did you ever see iCrapCentral.*** write how to move from iCrap to Windows phones? NO! I'll keep using Windows phones, even if I have to scavage the last used phone on earth, and when I do I still want to read the latest news about that phone... 4 12 hours ago Reply Racioli What!? I spend a few days off reading Windows Central and when I came back Windows Phone is  not only dead but WC is doing advertising for Apple!?!? Really????  This time I'm actually surprised....  2 12 hours ago Reply Francisco_dAn The entire concept is an oxymoron. 0 11 hours ago Reply Rajat Dixit Very good article. I was thinking of replacing my Lumia 1520 with the upcoming iPhone anniversary edition. My top priority is camera and I think the latest of what apple has to offer will definitely do justice to my aging Lumia 1520. 1 11 hours ago Reply Dennis Bednarz Finally, someone the article is targeted towards and not someone who just comes here to hate on the reality that a lot of people are indeed looking for new phones. 0 8 hours ago Reply unmorphed You have to expect it, I mean it was a pretty crappy, nearly useless article. 0 50 min ago Reply howardx72 arghhhh! I am a windows phone convert but I ain't buying no iPhone. I would rather read headlines like great windows phones for windows converts...What's up with you?!! 😡  1 11 hours ago Reply Dennis Bednarz I don't believe that you know what a "convert" means 0 8 hours ago Reply overboard08 Lot of people hating on another article with recommendations of different phones. Seriously, butt hurt folks need to chill. Just because they post an article about iPhones, because let's face it, W10M isn't exactly a shining star right now. My 735 is not going to hold out and will no longer be supported. I have no reason to stick with W10M for the next year and a half. I'll get an iPhone and still get my Microsoft services like office, Xbox, groove, etc. People need to chill with the torches and pitchforks every time Windows Central pushes a non-Microsoft article. And I don't feel like holding onto my 735 for the next 18 months so I'll go to a pasture with better hardware than what W10M can offer right now. 1 11 hours ago Reply Wan Firas Even so, does that make any relevance to make original posts like this on WC? I think it's better to make such posts obviously branded by iMore and share it here like they have done before. Or better make a review of that iMore posts. Just to be 'politically' safe. These articles hurt the WC brand in my opinion. 0 8 hours ago Reply kevinh8053 Maybe you could share your email address with the writers and editors here at Windows Central. That way they could run all their articles by you first and you could tell them how and where they should post it. 0 6 hours ago Reply overboard08 This comment makes no sense whatsoever. Everybody is now dumber for having taken the time to read what you just wrote. 0 6 hours ago Reply TheEvil1 WTF?! Seriously?! If I wanted a phone with Spyware OS or 1890s OS, I would get one. I love my Lumia and I'm here to stay. Sick of this crappy "articles". 2 11 hours ago Reply ThatRecluse Aww. If only MS and developers felt the same way.  0 10 hours ago Reply Shaheed Malik If this stuff can't be grouped into an existing section, it shouldn't be on the site. 0 11 hours ago Reply Perez5k First of all, Windows 10 mobile is not a collapsing platform, it is exactly where it is now. It get its OS update, apps also get their update too. 2 10 hours ago Reply Darren Deighton Android & IPhone articles are gonna go down about as well as a fart in a broom cupboard! Whatever platform they should be posted in the right forum, like you say Android Central & Imore. It's a bit like telling people to jump ship on purpose. 1 10 hours ago Reply microsoft111 Beware of crapple is having a lot of quaily issues because of using poor quailty components in their phones.  The touching disease was issue with screen components now they are having charging port issues (some folks I talk to have said has been an issues effecting cipods as well). I would consider iOS on a Nokia or Samsung phone but, not ciphone. -1 10 hours ago Reply EMitchell I just made this switch last week, my Lumia 950 conked out, none of the MS stores had another one in stock, ATT doesn't stock them, and the online MS store was sold out. I needed a phone, so I jumped to the iPHone 7. There was an article here on Windows Central a while ago, making an iPhone work in a Windows ecosystem. I've migrated as much as possible all functions to the MS apps written for iOS, there's been a little pain, but over all, not too bad. 1 10 hours ago Reply Perez5k I am lucky to have my Lumia 950xl up and running, if it ever breaks down, I'll buy another one from eBay. Or I will the HP Elite X3 or Alcatel idol 4s 0 4 hours ago Reply Tschumi81 Please stop to get money from apple, so you can break with this art of news. Thx -1 10 hours ago Reply Julian Williams2 One more article like this and I'll unsubscribe. 0 9 hours ago Reply L0n3N1nja I don't get why so many people are butt hurt about them writing an article about phones to upgrade to. When you have a 2 year old windows phone and you can't upgrade without leaving windows what are you supposed to do? Should they write articles about why it's better to buy a used or low end windows phone instead of a flagship device? Should they write about windows phone only and have a compete lack of articles? Blame Microsoft for dropping the ball and failing, don't blame the authors for writing helpful content. 2 9 hours ago Reply Dennis Bednarz Thank you. -2 8 hours ago Reply overboard08 Great article man, very helpful for somebody like me who needs to jump ship to a more seaworthy mobile device until Microsoft can get their stuff together 0 6 hours ago Reply overboard08 Preach!!! I don't normally comment on articles here but the hating here is getting out of control 0 6 hours ago Reply unmorphed There are flagships out that aren't really any older than the latest iPhone, HP's phone for instance. 0 52 min ago Reply bebochek It's June 1st not April 1st! This ain't funny. -1 9 hours ago Reply n8ter#AC Agree with L0n3N1nja... Only the worst of the Windows Phone community is left here, for the most part. Spoiled, bratty, immature people who think they should have the right to dictate how everyone else does their job. They're completely unhinged from reality. Answer the question: What flagship Windows Phone device should they be pushing right now? Should they seriously tell people to hold on to 2 year old devices, because I sure as hell can't find a carrier selling a Windows Phone worth replacing an iPhone 6 (or later, includes 5S) model with? Also, some of the "issues" people are talking about with these iPhones are either completely fabrications, FUD, or things blown completely out of proportion. It takes 5 seconds for someone to go into a carrier store and realize an SE is too small for their liking. No one here wants to hear about how awful you think the tiny screen is. I got an iPhone 5S, and you know what I did when I didn't like how small the screen was? I returned it the next day, got a Note 3, and waited until the next update cycle to get the 6 Plus. Use some common sense. Also, Safari is the greatest browser on the face of the planet when you can install a content blocker and surf the web in relative peace. It's impossible to go back to another phone or use a different browser after you've used a "set it and forget it" content blocker for months. The internet is pretty much unusable for me without it. Love how Mobile Nations have intentionally crippled their sites for people with AdBlock or Content Blockers, BTW! (No, I'm not turning mine off, but thanks for asking...) 0 9 hours ago Reply kostas douroumis Just go android, and preferably not Samsung (because of the one million apps blotware). IPhone has so many first party crapware and you can't integrate the Microsoft account in the system. Also, it hasn't a back button (seriously no back button). So maybe the best choice is a midrange Sony or Nokia or the vfm one plus 3t with the minimum blotware, if you want to come back when the new phones arrive. Maybe Samsung Note 5 is also a good choice (because of the pen, a must for many windows fans). If you want to fully migrate then you have to think samsung and iPhone, and use many of their services instead of Microsoft Imo. 1 9 hours ago Reply andrewb65 Thanks for the advice, but I think I'd rather shove a red hot poker up my anus instead. 1 9 hours ago Reply osokin13 These articles need to stop so annoyed with them about to delete this app!!!! 2 8 hours ago Reply Alan MD No thanks 0 8 hours ago Reply Paul Gorski No such thing as a best iphone.... 1 8 hours ago Reply Sin Ogaris This is a really odd article as there isn't exactly a vast range of different iPhones and ultimately they are all running the same thing it's just a difference in screen size and a few minor hardware features. So it doesn't matter which iPhone. Also why does everyone think the iPhone 8 is coming out this year, do people just assume that after over a decade of devices Apple are going to up and change the structure of their naming system? This seems to happen ever year after a new number pops up. Obviously the next phone will be a 7S. 2 8 hours ago Reply Kadcidxa Android only 0 7 hours ago Reply vEEP pEEP Wow!  On WP forum we are discussing what other brand to go to? Why not just recomment to going to an Apple forum over reading this one.... 1 5 hours ago Reply Htung57 Look like time to uninstall Windows Central from my phone & my tablet. I will use Bing for any news to MS Platform. 0 5 hours ago Reply boarder2 Alrighty, I'm out.  I get all the good Microsoft news from other sites these days and I don't have to wade through clickbait crap.  Peace out! 0 3 hours ago Reply Nelle Douville I don't use a phone one-handed, so 7+ works for me. I'm quite comfortable with that size. It might be a boring phone, but it is a superb machine. I just wished it had W10M.  I know some object to these stories, but... I remain a Windows fan. Owning an iPhone does not change this, and besides, I still have a 950.  0 3 hours ago Reply tha playday These ******* seemed to not be listening the majority of us dont give two ***** for the other systems. So full of bullshit Windows central. This will blow up in the face ******** stop stop stop stop putting **** on here about other phones 0 1 hour ago Reply Ludy John Dont buy the 950's..... restarts all the time. Becames unsuable 0 1 sec ago Reply 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2016 Mobile Nations • Terms and Conditions • Privacy Policy • Careers: Writer | Dev • Licensing • External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
Friday, June, 02, 2017 serach × Toggle navigation Nation World States Cities Business Sport ICC Champions Trophy Entertainment Galleries Videos Life Style Specials Opinions All Sections   States Tamil Nadu Kerala Karnataka Andhra Pradesh Telangana Odisha Cities Chennai DelhiBengaluru Hyderabad Kochi Thiruvananthapuram Nation World Business Sport Cricket Football Tennis Other Education Social News Entertainment English Hindi Kannada Malayalam Tamil Telugu Review Galleries Videos Auto Life style Tech Health Travel Food Books Spirituality Opinions Editorials Ask Prabhu Columns Prabhu Chawla T J S George S Gurumurthy Ravi Shankar Shankkar Aiyar Shampa Dhar-Kamath Karamatullah K Ghori Edex Indulge Magazine The Sunday Standard E-paper Home Business Apple sees 70 percent increase in downloads in one year By Express News Service  |   Published: 02nd June 2017 05:06 AM  |   Last Updated: 02nd June 2017 05:06 AM  |   A+A A-   |   0 Share Via Email Image used for representational purpose only. (File photo |Reuters) BENGALURU: Apple has earned over $70 billion since it launched its App Store in 2008, the company announced on Thursday. With an ever increasing number of people downloading different kinds of apps, the downloads itself have grown over 70 percent over the last one year, it said. That suggests, given that Apple generally takes 30 per cent of sales through its App Store, Apple’s App Store has sold $100 billion of software in its history. The App Store’s active paid subscriptions are also up by 58 per cent year over year.  Users are subscribing in huge numbers to various services such as Netflix and Hulu and photo editing apps like Over and Enlight, among other services.   Philip Schiller, Apple’s senior vice-president of Worldwide Marketing said, “Seventy billion dollars earned by developers is simply mind-blowing. We are amazed at all of the new apps our developers create and can’t wait to see them again next week at our Worldwide Developers Conference.” Apple, which has set out to increase its footprint in India, will soon begin the initial production of the iPhone SE in Peenya in Bengaluru, with the help of Taiwanese manufacturing company Wistron Corp. O P E N Professional Courses Sponsored link Technology Courses Sponsored link Gallery Afghanistan's worst terror attack in three years leaves 90 killed and over 400 injured Protests across Tamil Nadu over Centre's ban on cattle sale for slaughter intensify arrow Videos Kabul residents fear for their safety after deadly blast Batsmen need time to settle in England: Hardik Pandya on ICC Champions Trophy arrow FOLLOW US Copyrights New Indian Express.2017 Dinamani | Kannada Prabha | Samakalika Malayalam | Malayalam Vaarika | Indulgexpress | Edex Live Contact Us | About Us | Careers | Privacy Policy | Search | Terms of Use | Advertise With Us Home | Nation | World | Cities | Business | Columns | Entertainment | Sport | Magazine | The Sunday Standard
null
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Apple Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Napco Security Technologies (NSSC) Receives Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.25 Newpark Resources (NR) Earns Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.30 Oppenheimer Holdings (OPY) Earning Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Unlikely to Affect Nuveen Premiumome Municipal Fund (NPI) Share Price Nike (NKE) Receives Media Sentiment Score of 0.15 National Grid plc (NGG) Receives Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.09 Brokerages Set Jack in the Box Inc. (JACK) PT at $112.60 NRG Yield, Inc. Class C (NYLD) Receives $20.00 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Signature Bank (SBNY) Receives $171.70 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Analysts Set Bloomin' Brands Inc (BLMN) PT at $20.25 BerganKDV Wealth Management LLC Has $456,000 Stake in Yum! Brands, Inc. (YUM) Greenwoods Asset Management Ltd Invests $4.06 Million in ZTO Express (Cayman) Inc (ZTO) Yanzhou Coal Mining Co Ltd (YZC) Position Maintained by Segantii Capital Management Ltd Zimmer Biomet Holdings Inc (ZBH) Shares Bought by Symphony Asset Management LLC Virginia Retirement Systems ET AL Sells 17,728 Shares of Imperial Oil Ltd (IMO) CRH Medical Corp (CRHM) Stake Held by Wilbanks Smith & Thomas Asset Management LLC Dai Ichi Life Insurance Company Ltd Has $204,000 Position in Xylem Inc (XYL) Dixon Hubard Feinour & Brown Inc. VA Boosts Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Alleghany Co. (Y) Stake Boosted by State of Wisconsin Investment Board Horizon Technology Finance Corp (HRZN) Given Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.20 Apple’s (AAPL) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Longbow Research June 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL)‘s stock had its “buy” rating restated by analysts at Longbow Research in a note issued to investors on Thursday. Several other brokerages also recently commented on AAPL. Argus reissued an “outperform” rating and issued a $160.00 price objective on shares of Apple in a research note on Monday, May 15th. Hilliard Lyons increased their price objective on Apple from $147.00 to $170.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, May 15th. Canaccord Genuity reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $180.00 price objective (up from $165.00) on shares of Apple in a research note on Tuesday, May 16th. BMO Capital Markets reissued an “outperform” rating and issued a $170.00 price objective (up from $160.00) on shares of Apple in a research note on Wednesday, May 17th. Finally, Morgan Stanley reissued an “overweight” rating and issued a $177.00 price objective (up from $161.00) on shares of Apple in a research note on Wednesday, May 17th. Eight analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, forty-one have given a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $159.65. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) traded up 0.27% on Thursday, hitting $153.18. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 16,400,358 shares. The stock has a market cap of $798.66 billion, a PE ratio of 17.97 and a beta of 1.26. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $148.81 and a 200-day moving average of $132.01. Apple has a 12 month low of $91.50 and a 12 month high of $156.65. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 2nd. The iPhone maker reported $2.10 EPS for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $2.02 by $0.08. The firm had revenue of $52.90 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $52.61 billion. Apple had a return on equity of 34.94% and a net margin of 20.73%. On average, analysts expect that Apple will post $8.95 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Thursday, May 18th. Investors of record on Monday, May 15th were given a $0.63 dividend. This is a positive change from Apple’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.57. This represents a $2.52 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.65%. The ex-dividend date was Thursday, May 11th. Apple’s dividend payout ratio is 27.31%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Apple’s (AAPL) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Longbow Research” was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this news story can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/01/apples-aapl-buy-rating-reiterated-at-longbow-research.html. In related news, insider Angela J. Ahrendts sold 75,000 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Monday, May 8th. The shares were sold at an average price of $147.98, for a total value of $11,098,500.00. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 154,116 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $22,806,085.68. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, SVP D Bruce Sewell sold 67,500 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Friday, May 5th. The stock was sold at an average price of $148.76, for a total transaction of $10,041,300.00. Following the completion of the sale, the senior vice president now directly owns 141,325 shares in the company, valued at $21,023,507. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 430,705 shares of company stock worth $64,608,919 over the last three months. 0.08% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. A number of hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of AAPL. American Beacon Advisors Inc. purchased a new stake in Apple during the first quarter worth $117,000. Glacier Peak Capital LLC purchased a new stake in Apple during the fourth quarter worth $127,000. TrimTabs Asset Management LLC raised its stake in Apple by 88.3% in the first quarter. TrimTabs Asset Management LLC now owns 921 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $132,000 after buying an additional 432 shares during the period. Welch Investments LLC purchased a new stake in Apple during the fourth quarter worth $146,000. Finally, Odey Holdings AG raised its stake in Apple by 27.3% in the fourth quarter. Odey Holdings AG now owns 1,273 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $147,000 after buying an additional 273 shares during the period. 58.76% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. About Apple Apple Inc (Apple) designs, manufactures and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, and portable digital music players, and a variety of related software, services, peripherals, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. The Company’s products and services include iPhone, iPad, Mac, iPod, Apple TV, a portfolio of consumer and professional software applications, the iOS and OS X operating systems, iCloud, and a variety of accessory, service and support offerings. Receive News & Ratings for Apple Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Business Home LBoard COMMENT Religious dept ought to be more discerning in its duties Read More FMT BAHASA FMT BORNEO+ FMT VIDEO CONTRIBUTE NEWS HOME NATION OPINION WORLD LEISURE SPORTS BUSINESS ADVERTISE WITH US Apple says payouts from App Store total US$70 billion AFP | June 2, 2017 Apple said downloads have grown over 70% over the past 12 months, fueled by hit games like Pokemon Go and Super Mario Run. SAN FRANCISCO: Apple said Thursday it has paid out more than $70 billion to app developers since opening its App Store in 2008, and that the ecosystem is still growing. “People everywhere love apps and our customers are downloading them in record numbers,” said Philip Schiller, Apple’s senior vice president of marketing, in a statement ahead of next week’s annual developer conference by the iPhone maker. “Seventy billion dollars earned by developers is simply mind-blowing. We are amazed at all of the great new apps our developers create and can’t wait to see them again next week at our Worldwide Developers Conference.” Apple said downloads have grown over 70% over the past 12 months, fueled by hit games like Pokemon Go and Super Mario Run. Apple, which faces a growing challenge in the mobile space from the dominant Google Android system, has been tweaking its business model as part of an effort to keep developers in its ecosystem. In addition to payment for downloads, Apple allows developers to use a subscription model across all 25 app categories. The company said active paid subscriptions are up 58 percent year over year. “Customers are enjoying subscriptions across a wide variety of services including longtime favorites such as Netflix and Hulu, as well as newcomers like Tastemade, the modern, mobile-first cooking network, and photo editing apps like Over and Enlight,” an Apple statement said. Apple has more than two million paid and free apps for the iPhone, iPad and other devices. Comments Readers are required to have a valid Facebook account to comment on this story. We welcome your opinions to allow a healthy debate. We want our readers to be responsible while commenting and to consider how their views could be received by others. Please be polite and do not use swear words or crude or sexual language or defamatory words. FMT also holds the right to remove comments that violate the letter or spirit of the general commenting rules. The views expressed in the contents are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of FMT. Comments Share this story Previous Story Next Story MH128 passengers talk about mid-air drama Swedish entrepreneur trademarks Trump’s cryptic ‘covfefe’ ROS Med.Rect 1 Taboola ROS 1 ROS Med.Rect 2 Most Read News ‘Babi kau orang Malaysia’, jerit penumpang mabuk Drunk tied up after calling crew ‘a Malaysian… Report: MBI founder, son had previous conviction for fraud I didn’t start fight with Hannah Yeoh, says UUM… Pre-war shophouses collapsed due to neglect, say activists Astro ordered to censor drama The Magnificent Century Family ‘disgusted’ with stained bandage found in Airline crew praised for expert handling of mid-air scare Is Chinese support for DAP shifting to Warisan? MAS denies reducing cabin crew on flights to save cost ROS Med.Rect 3 Opinion SB Religious dept ought to be more discerning in its duties Smoking prohibited on flights, so why not alcohol? Alarming rise in food wastage during Ramadan Public sector graft: Of revolving doors and unspoken rules Mangsa buli kerana identiti anda tidak disenangi Recall RM1.5 billion loan to Proton unless Geely guarantees it More... FMT Bahasa Ku Nan sendiri tahu dia berbohong, kata Sivarasa Perlukah pengawal udara terbang bersama penumpang Malaysia Airlines? PPBM dakwa pihak atasan arah larangan majlis buka puasa Muhyiddin di masjid Van terbabas, 6 murid tahfiz maut, 9 cedera Kastam rampas 8 kontena berisi komponen mesin judi ‘Babi kau orang Malaysia’, jerit penumpang mabuk atas pesawat More... Misc Ads – Movie Content Facebook Page Home | About Us | Disclaimers / Copyright | Advertise | Contact Us | Copyright (C) 2009-2016 MToday News Sdn. Bhd. All Rights Reserved.
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Business Image Source: Jose Sanchez/AP/REX/Shutterstock Apple’s fight with Qualcomm could hurt the iPhone 8 Chris Mills @chrisfmills June 1st, 2017 at 5:42 PM Share Tweet Apple has been locked in a bitter dispute with Qualcomm, a major chip manufacturer that has historically supplied the wireless modems for the iPhone. According to a new report, Apple’s legal dispute with Qualcomm is going to have an effect on iPhone 8 components, and Apple might have to substitute some Qualcomm chips with Intel components. Given the inferior quality of the Intel chips in last year’s iPhone 7, that’s not good news. Don't Miss: 10 best new movies and shows coming to Netflix in June According to a Digitimes report, Apple will shift supply of iPhone baseband modems away from Qualcomm and towards Intel, starting this year. The report says that 50% of the iPhone 8 modems could be supplied by Intel, with that number rising to 70% for the 2018 iPhone lineup. Intel’s modems have historically been cheaper but worse-performing than Qualcomm’s solution. A worse modem means less power efficiency but also a worse cell signal with lower speeds — all important things for Apple, especially considering new LTE technologies are being deployed this year, and wireless speed is set to take on a new level of importance. Qualcomm generally supplies the modem for every Android flagship worth talking about, and the iPhone’s reputation is all about reliability and speed. Apple could be forced to make a bad choice here: make an unpleasant legal settlement with Qualcomm, which would likely eat into Apple’s profit margins; or accept an inferior component in nearly half of its brand-new iPhone range. Apple’s dispute with Qualcomm is related to the licensing fees Qualcomm charges for its patents. Qualcomm’s intellectual property is used inside every single iPhone — which Apple acknowledges — but Apple contends that Qualcomm charges unreasonably high patent fees. Apple has sued Qualcomm over the issue in the past, and even instructed its manufacturing partners like Foxconn to stop royalty payments to Qualcomm. The chip manufacturer has countersued in the Southern District of California; if the case there fails, Qualcomm could even take the issue to the US International Trade Commission, and seek a ruling banning the import of iPhones into the US. Nothing’s yet indicated that Qualcomm is prepared to go that far. But the rumors about Apple shifting as much of supply as possible away from Qualcomm is telling. Apple’s bunkering down and preparing for a war with a vitally important component supplier; let’s just hope iPhone customers don’t get caught in the crossfire. Tags: Apple, lawsuit, qualcomm View Comments Trending 1 Tech Samsung’s about to launch a new version of the Galaxy S8 2 Tech How the iPhone 8 will look next to the iPhone 7, the Google Pixel and other top phones 3 Science Aerospace exec says aliens not only exist, they’re living on Earth right now 4 Science Scientists just destroyed our dreams of a real Jurassic Park 5 Deals Amazon’s 15 best deals: Four different Bose wireless speakers, best-selling drone, Beats Solo3, more Picked For You Amazon’s 15 best deals: Four different Bose wireless speakers, best-selling drone, Beats Solo3, more By Maren Estrada 17 hours ago The best new iPhone 8 feature hasn’t even leaked yet By Chris Smith 16 hours ago Aerospace exec says aliens not only exist, they’re living on Earth right now By Mike Wehner 2 days ago Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
Liliputing LPX Show Mini PCs Reviews Deals Shop About Contact us Advertise on Liliputing About Liliputing Privacy Statement Apple’s Siri-powered Echo competitor’s key selling point: It’s an Apple product 05/31/2017 at 4:38 PM by Brad Linder 5 Comments Amazon may have launched the smart speaker market with the introduction of its first Echo device a few years ago. But these days you can also opt for a Google Home with similar functionality, and soon you’ll start to find speakers that use Microsoft’s Cortana voice assistant. Apple wants in on the action too. There’ve been rumors for a while that the company was working on a smart home/speaker solution that uses Apple’s Siri virtual assistant software. Now Bloomberg reports that Apple could unveil the speaker as soon as next week, although it isn’t expected to ship until later this year. So what would a Siri-powered speaker have that devices powered by Amazon’s Alexa, Google’s Assistant, or Microsoft’s Cortana don’t? According to Bloomberg, two things: A virtual surround sound feature Integration with Apple’s ecosystem That first one sounds like a gimmick, but I’d be happy to be proven wrong. The second one? That’s pretty important. Amazon did just announce that its Alexa-powered devices would be able to sync with iCloud calendars. But Apple’s system will probably go much further by integrating with iTunes, Apple Music, iCloud, and HomeKit, just to name a few services that iPhone, iPad, Apple TV, and Mac owners may already be using. Essentially, Apple already has an ecosystem of products that work well together. While you could certainly buy a Roku and use it in an Apple-centric home, an Apple TV might be a better solution if you’ve already invested in a bunch of Apple apps and services. Likewise, you’d get limited cross-device functionality if you purchased an Amazon Echo. But if you buy a Siri speaker? It’d just work… with all of your other stuff. In that way, Apple’s first smart speaker doesn’t actually have to be better than the competition. It just has to sync with your other stuff better… assuming your other stuff comes from Apple. But Apple does probably need to offer something in this space. If demand for smart home speakers continues to rise and Apple doesn’t provide its own solution, then iPhone and Mac users might opt for a competing product… and decide that when it comes time to sign up for a streaming music service, for instance, to spend their money on a Spotify, Google, or Amazon Music subscription rather than an Apple Music subscription. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Email Leave a Reply 5 Comments on "Apple’s Siri-powered Echo competitor’s key selling point: It’s an Apple product" Login with Notify of new follow-up comments new replies to my comments Notify of new replies to this comment Notify of new replies to this comment Sort by:   newest | oldest | most voted Member YCAU Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. This meme that Apple “just works” needs to go away. I hate my Macbook Pro, and it finds new ways to fight with me every day, it seems. My latest battle is out of order keystroke interpretation; I hit cmd-space to open Spotlight and type “term” to open the terminal, but instead, the text goes into the chat program I had open and then the Spotlight window appears. This is on top of all the hacks I had to do to get certain folders to show up in Finder and for the ability to change the dock on student computers. This is on top of the unreliability of the Apple TV, the crazy iPad-killing software updates I’ve been through, and just general shoddiness of the software for the overpriced hardware. I don’t see the benefits of the Apple ecosystem, having lived in most corners of it. Vote Up8Vote Down  Reply 1 day 7 hours ago Guest cnxsoft Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. I have yet to use an Apple product, let alone buy one. Vote Up1Vote Down  Reply 1 day 3 hours ago Member Josh L Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. Assuming most of this stuff is reliable info, I really hate what Apple has become – products that offer nothing more than the competition, “me too” clones to follow trends instead of leading the pack, quality tends to vary (which was never an issue with Apple before), and they only rely on the brand to justify the price tags. Vote Up2Vote Down  Reply 23 hours 21 minutes ago Guest savagemichael Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. The issue for Apple though is that many of its users actually prefer and use Google services. Or for music a handful of third party options which remain popular despite Apple Music – or whatever it’s called. iMusic? All in all Apple has more money than god and a huge user base which will buy and also pay more just because it says “Apple” on it. So they will be just fine. They could probably stop selling anything at all and turn higher profits than most companies in the world just by managing their massive asset pile. All that aside though it’s clear something has shifted both at Apple and in the public consciousness about Apple. The name itself used to be a killing word. Now it’s more just a name. Vote Up1Vote Down  Reply 18 hours 21 minutes ago Guest sam khan Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. Apple had better come up with some pretty amazing things with the Siri speaker. The market is Amazon’s to lose, with 11,000 skills, some 70+% market share, and an ever widening product portfolio in this space. Look for an Amazon Echo Show product geared for kids (it’s a no brainer), and more services for elderly people (that SNL AARP spoof on the Echo may be a preview of things to come). Vote Up1Vote Down  Reply 17 hours 43 minutes ago Latest News Google Chrome will block annoying ads by default starting next year Ads pay for the vast majority of free content found on the web. That's pretty … [Read More...] Aorus GTX 1070 Gaming Box brings desktop graphics to (some) laptops for $599 So you want a laptop that's thin, light, and gets long battery life for use on … [Read More...] Asus Chromebook Flip C213NA: Apollo Lake laptop for classroom use The consumer-oriented Asus Chromebook Flip C101 isn't the only new convertible … [Read More...] Popular articles UP Core: Quad-core x86 mini PC that's smaller than a Raspberry Pi (crowdfunding) Deals of the Day (6-01-2017) Paranoid Android is back with an Android 7.1.2 ROM Deals Deals of the Day (6-01-2017)   Pretty much every company that makes wireless networking products has … [Read More...] Featured articles Differences between Windows 10 S, Home, Pro, Enterprise, and Education This week Microsoft introduced a new version of Windows 10 which is designed for … [Read More...] This might be the best MP3 player you can get for $1.50 Need a cheap MP3 player? It doesn't get much cheaper than the Simplicity Fashion … [Read More...] What’s new in Android O? Google has released the first developer preview for Android O, the next major … [Read More...] Latest news from the LPX Show LPX Episode 14: Adapted (Kaomi Goetz on Korean international adoptees returning to Korea) LPX Episode 13: Someone is wrong on the internet! (Snopes editor Brooke Binkowski on fake news & real journalism) LPX Episode 12: Superbook turns your smartphone into a laptop Subscribe to the LPX Show Subscribe at LPXShow.com Disclosure: Some links on this page are monetized by Skimlinks and Amazon's and eBay's affiliate programs. Copyright © 2017 Liliputing · Go to top of page Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. You are going to send email to Send Move Comment Move
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Editors' Choice Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Facebook Twitter Search Search for Close Arrow_Path Plex NestCamIQ EssentialPhone MotoZ2Play HighTechCities Menu Home/ News & Analysis/ Apple's Coding App Will Soon Control Robots, Drones Apple's Coding App Will Soon Control Robots, Drones By Angela Moscaritolo June 1, 2017 05:24pm EST 10 Comments Apple's Swift Playgrounds educational coding app for iPad will soon connect with third-party devices like Lego Mindstorms Education EV3, Sphero SPRK+ robotic ball, and Parrot drones. Watching videos of Boston Dynamics' robots on YouTube is fun, but have you ever wished you could be the person behind the controls? With Apple's help, you might soon be on your way to programming and controlling the next Handle robot. Cupertino on Thursday announced that its Swift Playgrounds educational coding app for iPad will soon connect with popular robots, drones, and musical instruments, offering "an exciting new way to learn to code." The app is meant for students and beginners learning to code with Swift, Apple's programming language for building apps. Apple said a Swift Playgrounds update slated to launch on Monday will let users connect the app to Bluetooth-enabled devices like the Lego Mindstorms Education EV3, Sphero SPRK+ robotic ball, Parrot drones, Ubtech's Jimu Robot MeeBot Kit, Dash by Wonder Workshop learning robot, and the Skoog musical cube. Following the update, users will be able to "instantly see the code they create and directly control their favorite robots, drones, and instruments through Swift Playgrounds," Apple's Senior Vice President of Software Engineering, Craig Federighi, said in a statement. Related The Best Programs to Learn to Code of 2016 The Best Programs to Learn to Code of 2016 More than 1 million kids and adults already use Swift Playgrounds to learn the fundamentals of Swift coding, Apple said. The update (Swift Playgrounds version 1.5) will be available as a free download in the App Store. Swift Playgrounds is compatible with all iPad Air, iPad Pro and iPad mini 2, and later models running iOS 10 or later. Apple last month released a free app development curriculum designed for high school and community college students. The full-year curriculum, available as a free download in Apple's iBooks Store, was designed by Apple engineers and educators to teach students how to design apps using Swift. Back to top Previous : How This California Town Keeps Traffic Moving By Angela Moscaritolo Reporter Angela has been a PCMag reporter since January 2012. Prior to joining the team, she worked as a reporter for SC Magazine, covering everything related to hackers and computer security. Angela has also written for The Northern Valley Suburbanite in New Jersey, The Dominion Post in West Virginia, and the Uniontown-Herald Standard in Pennsylvania. She is a graduate of West Virginia University's Perely Isaac Reed School of Journalism. More » More Stories by Angela The Latest Snapchat Rip-Off Is Skype Highlights If you've been paying attention to what some of the most popular social media apps have been doing a... More » Paul Allen's Massive Stratolaunch Aircraft Emerges From Hangar Stratolaunch—the world's largest airplane by wingspan—rolled out of its hangar in California's Mojav... More » How to Get Your Cut of Amazon's $70M In-App Purchase Settlement More than $70 million in app charges incurred between November 2011 and May 2016 may be eligible for... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles How to Protect Your Privacy in Windows 10 10 Inventors Who Made No Money on Their Inventions 10 Seriously Bizarre PC Designs The Biggest Software Flops of All Time 9 Creepy Sounds Recorded in Space by NASA 14 High-Tech Cities You'll Want to Call Home »See More //Discover... The Best Laptops of 2017 26 Google Maps Tricks You Need to Try 19 Hidden Roku Tricks for Streaming Success »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com Speedtest.net PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. We have updated our PRIVACY POLICY and encourage you to read it by clicking here. ×
Home Lifestyle Astro Guide Culture Faith Fashion Food Health Young Life Community News Global South Asia Local National Columnists Health Legal Video Photo Gallery Events Community Events Contact About Us Contact form Distribution Subscribe Submit News and Pictures Classifieds – Main Browse Ads Edit Classified Book Classified Advertise Indian shelling kills two Pakistani civilians in Kashmir: officials Putin, Modi talk up trade at Russia’s economic showcase Trump announces US withdrawal from Paris climate deal 26 High school seniors receive IACF scholarships worth $35000 Home » News » Global » Apple readying Siri-powered home assistant: report Apple readying Siri-powered home assistant: report Apple is preparing to launch a connected speaker to serve as a smart home assistant in a challenge to Amazon Echo and Google Home, a news report said Thursday. The speaker powered by Apple’s digital assistant Siri may be unveiled at the annual Worldwide Developers Conference next week in Silicon Valley, Bloomberg News reported. The new device — speculation about which has been swirling for months — could entice software makers to tailor applications or services for a broader array of Apple hardware. Like Echo and Home devices gaining traction in the market, an Apple home assistant could let people control lights or appliances and interact with the internet using voice commands. Apple did not reply to an AFP request for comment on the report. Amazon recently unveiled the latest member of its family of devices powered by its Alexa digital assistant — this one with a touchscreen. Amazon has dominated the category of connected speakers since 2014 when it introduced its first Echo, which responds to voice commands and allows users to order goods or rides and control connected appliances. A survey released last month by research firm eMarketer found Echo speakers held 70.6 percent of the US market, compared with 23.8 percent for Google Home and 5.6 percent for others including Lenovo, LG, Harmon Kardon and Mattel. Samsung-owned Harman Kardon meanwhile recently announced the release of an Invoke speaker powered by Microsoft’s digital assistant Cortana and integrating Skype for making calls using the device. At its annual developers gathering in May, Google announced an array of new partnerships and capabilities for Home smart speakers. Meanwhile, Apple has been under pressure to wow the world with a new creation as its culture-changing iPhone is about to turn 10 years old. Amazon Echo Apple Google Home Silicon Valley Skype More news Apple – Houston Community College partner in an historic initiative » 25 May, 2017 // Community, Featured Innovative Bone Healing Technology wins over $700,000 from TiE at the Rice Business Plan Competition » 20 April, 2017 // Community Apple touts greater use of recycled metal in gadgets » 20 April, 2017 // National, News Apple to open iPhone factory in India in bid to steal sales from Samsung » 3 February, 2017 // South Asia Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment Latest News and Stories Victims of UK ‘monster’ breast surgeon demand truth Indian shelling kills two Pakistani civilians in Kashmir: officials Sri Lanka pressed over anti-Muslim hate crimes Chilli Beef Lettuce Wraps Archives June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 June 2015 December 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 June 2012 May 2012 February 2002 © All right reserved - Voice of Asia Online by Grenix
Subscribe ▲ Learn more about Macworld's Digital Edition    🔎 Home News Reviews How-To Video Macs Mac Desktops MacBooks Displays Networking Storage iPhone/iPad OS X iOS Apps Accessories Business Entertainment Subscribe Resources Macs MacBooks Mac Desktops iPhones Blogs iPads Accessories Apps Audio Business Cameras Components Development Software Displays E-readers Home Theater iOS iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories iPods OS X Printers Networking Productivity Software Smartwatches Storage Styluses Mac Desktops MacBooks Displays Networking Storage Home Macs More Color By Jason Snell, Macworld | Jun 1, 2017 3:00 AM PT Opinion Apple’s WWDC Announcements: What are the chances? Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Apple More like this iPhone 8 rumors: Delayed production schedule could result in blockbuster... Should Apple dump Lightning from the iPhone 8? The cases for and against 2012 Predictions: Macworld's annual forecast of the year ahead Video MacBook Pro review: The Touch Bar bridges the gap between iPad and Mac It’s the week before the kick-off of Apple’s product year at WWDC in San Jose. This is a week full of wish lists, rumors, speculation, and wild ideas. Next week all of that will collapse into one single truth: the reality of what’s unveiled on stage in San Jose. Gamblers know this feeling. Once the result is known, all of the probabilities collapse to the cold, hard truth of winners and losers. With that theme in mind, this is not another WWDC Wish List. Rather, consider this a report on the current odds of various WWDC predictions coming true. This is all in fun, ladies and gentlemen, so please: no wagering! Sure bets The surest bet at any WWDC is that Apple will unveil the next generation of all of its operating systems, due to ship in the fall. Yes, it’s a near certainty that Apple will announce details about the next versions of iOS, macOS, watchOS, and tvOS. Another near-certainty: Apple likes to please its audience, and at WWDC (unlike the invite-only media events Apple holds the rest of the year), the audience is primarily Apple developers. So you can count on Apple making some announcements that are focused on getting whoops of applause from the assembled developers. That will likely come in a verbal commitment to professional Mac users—and pretty much every developer for Apple’s platforms uses a Mac to get their job done. Apple Expect to hear a lot about Apple services like iCloud. Apple has been hyping the growth of its Services revenue line with Wall Street a lot recently. Services are a major growth area for Apple, and while it’s easy to lose sight of them when we’re all hyped up for new hardware and software announcements, it’s hard to imagine that Apple’s various services won’t be a recurring theme of the keynote. We’ll hear about iCloud, iCloud Photo Library, and Apple Music... a lot. If you’ve been paying attention to the last couple of years of tech-industry stage events, it’s clear that the large tech companies (especially Apple) have heard the criticism that their stage presenters are overwhelmingly white and male. Apple has been slowly changing the mix of their presenters, bringing in new faces including more women and people of color. The usual suspects will be on stage, of course, but it’s not much of a bet to predict that we’ll see a bunch of new faces on stage as well. Finally, I’m not going to accept any bets about the fact that Apple will continue something it’s been doing at most of its major events for the past two years: defining what Apple Watch is good at. Since the first what-doesn’t-it-do event in September of 2014, Apple has been working to give the product more definition. Health and fitness have both been areas of focus, and I expect to see those enhanced, perhaps joined by one or two more. Apple is still in the process of defining the Apple Watch, and that process will continue. Informed speculation Go to the race track and you’ll find someone who thinks they have a hot tip or inside information about what’s to come. (Disclosure: I’ve never been to a race track, but I’ve seen “Seabiscuit” and “The Killing”—that’s good enough, right?) Rumors serve the same purpose for laying WWDC odds. Some rumors are always right, but all rumors are never right. The trick is knowing which rumors are more likely to come true. Adam Patrick Murray A new iPad Pro announcement? Seems likely. Lately the rumor mill has been bubbling about the possibility of Apple unveiling a new iPad Pro at WWDC, a replacement for the existing 9.7-inch model, with a higher-resolution screen. Normally I’d be skeptical of such claims, but the iPad Pro hasn’t been updated in more than a year and these rumors suggest this product has been ready to go for some time now. Meanwhile, fans of the iPad Pro have been restless, since the major additions of pro features in iOS 9 were followed by almost no new pro features in iOS 10. It makes sense for Apple to introduce a new iPad Pro at the same time as trumpeting its commitment to the iPad via a bunch of major new pro features in iOS 11. That’s why I think this rumor is fairly likely to come true. A bunch of laptop updates are also thick in the rumor mill, and it’s true that the MacBook is in need of an update. But the rumors also suggest that Apple might put new chips in the existing MacBook Pro models, which were just released last fall. That seems surprising—but it does fit with one of my sure-thing themes of the event, which is Apple showing a bigger commitment to its professional users, especially developers. Telling a crowd of developers that Apple is rapidly updating its pro laptops is a demonstration of Apple’s commitment, and would be met with cheers. IDG An Amazon TV deal with Apple has made the rumor mill, but is it worth mentioning during the WWDC keynote? At these events Apple loves to talk about amazing entertainment deals it’s made. The trick is, even if Apple’s willing, are its partners? It would make sense that Apple would trumpet some coup on stage, whether it’s related to its original TV series efforts, a deal with Amazon to return to the Apple TV, or a content deal in the music or video spheres. Rumor has it that the Amazon deal is a go; it just gives me pause to consider that the relationship between the two companies has been repaired to the point where Apple promotes it on stage at a keynote. Finally, there are lots of rumblings out there that a Siri Speaker might be in the offing at last. I’m lukewarm on this rumor—it could happen, but Apple could also hold off until fall, when the product is rumored to be ready to ship. But given the heat around voice assistants in general, it seems highly likely that Siri will be a star of the show. Apple can extend the SiriKit extensions it added last year that give developers direct integration with Siri, improve Siri on the Mac, and disclose new Siri features it’s been working on. If there’s a hardware tease on top of that, all the better. Tough calls It would seem like an easy call to predict that many of the features Apple introduced in the past year—dual-camera support, the Touch Bar, Messages stickers and apps—will be improved. Sometimes Apple keeps moving new technology forward—and other times it walks away for a while. A good example is iPad multitasking, which was launched with iOS 9 and was unchanged in iOS 10, and might get some work in iOS 11, or might not. Predicting that last year’s introductions will be this year’s improvements is a risky game. Adam Patrick Murray Will there be time in the keynote to introduce a new standalone keyboard with a TouchBar? I’ve seen predictions of new Apple input devices, most notably a Magic Keyboard with Touch Bar or Touch ID support. It sounds like a good idea to me, but there’s already so much hardware rumored for WWDC that it’s hard to see this as being a product Apple would devote keynote time to. The longshots Then there are the longshots. Every year something outlandish, something we would never have predicted, ends up coming true. But most of these predictions end up dead and forgotten—or filed away for predictions at a future Apple event. Without going into detail, here are my longshots for WWDC 2017. I don’t think they’re going to happen, but they could! Apple skips a cycle for one or more of its platforms, rather than incrementing its version number and declaring it a new feature. No new watchOS update, perhaps, or tvOS. This would seem to be inconsistent with Apple’s behavior, but Apple’s been doing a lot of zagging where it used to zig. macOS drops the California placenames and joins iOS in lockstep at version 11. I have a hard time seeing Apple do this, but does anyone really need to use macOS 10.13 Joshua Tree? “iOS 11 and macOS 11” sounds a lot better. This year’s the year, though. Forlorn Apple hardware gets some love. Would the Mac mini get an update? Would the Apple TV get upgraded to 4K? Would the Mac Pro, which is coming back next year, get a mention? It’s all possible, but not likely. Hints of VR or AR functionality. This stuff seems a long way off, but could Apple wrap some augmented-reality-like feature into the iPhone Camera app and show it off knowing that it’s really dipping its toe into AR? Or what about a VR strategy based around the iPhone, somehow? Unlikely, but never say never. Major new Mac features. Most macOS updates these days are about keeping the Mac platform in sync with Apple’s others. What if Apple made major changes on the Mac, with new features that made the Mac better at its job, despite the lack of connection to iOS? Look, I told you these were the longshots. But we can hope, can’t we? To comment on this article and other Macworld content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. Related: Macs iOS iPhone iPhone/iPad OS X MacOS Sierra WWDC Jason writes about Apple at Six Colors and podcasts at Relay FM and The Incomparable. Before that, he was the lead editor at Macworld for more than a decade. Follow You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Macworld Macworld is your best source for all things Apple. We give you the scoop on what's new, what's best and how to make the most out of the products you love. About Us Contact Us Mac OS X Hints Ad Choices Digital Magazines Newsletters Privacy Policy RSS Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Macworld CATEGORIES Business Creative Entertainment iOS Apps Mac Apps MacCentral iPhone/iPad OS X Podcasts Video IDG Network Sites Advertise Careers at IDG Creative Lab IDG IDG Consumer & SMB Knowledge Hub Macworld|iWorld PCWorld TechHive Permissions Try Macworld Risk-Free Subscribe Now Follow us    Visit other IDG sites: Select One CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDG Connect IDG TechNetwork IDG.tv InfoWorld IT News ITworld JavaWorld Network World PC World TechHive The Industry Standard Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc.
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Digital Transformation more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Digital Transformation Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Apple expands Swift Playgrounds to robots, drones The updated iPad app will let students program third-party devices like Lego's Mindstorms Education EV3. By Stephanie Condon for Between the Lines | June 1, 2017 -- 21:19 GMT (14:19 PDT) | Topic: Apple Apple Starting June 5, students can use Apple's educational coding app Swift Playgrounds to program robots, drones and musical instruments, Apple announced Thursday. Apple is partnering with device makers to connect the Swift app to Bluetooth-enabled robots, enabling kids to program devices like Lego Mindstorms Education EV3, the Sphero SPRK+ (a popular robotic ball that rolls, turns, accelerates and changes colors) and Parrot drones. About a year after Swift Playgrounds was launched, there are now more than 1 million kids and adults using the iPad app, Apple noted. "Now they can instantly see the code they create and directly control their favorite robots, drones and instruments through Swift Playgrounds," Craig Federighi, Apple SVP of software engineering, said in a statement. "It's an incredibly exciting and powerful way to learn." Apple has taken other steps recently to further its educational initiatives. In April, the Cupertino company announced it's launching a range of educational sessions at 495 stores covering coding, media, and art and design to help people get more from their Apple hardware. Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Apple Five years of Apple blunders, mistakes and missed opportunities Microsoft Microsoft is making the Mac look old and stale Apple Apple's Siri Speaker enters production: Report Innovation 15 things to look for at next week's WWDC × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos Sponsored Narratives About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance ZDNet Academy
Skip to main content Home Delivery e-Edition Boston Herald Store 59°F Subscribe to the Boston Herald RSS Feed Join the Boston Herald on Facebook Join the Boston Herald on Twitter Join the Boston Herald on Google+ View Boston Herald videos on YouTube Boston Herald Herald Apps Fun & Games Obituaries Thursday, June 1, 2017 News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National U.S. Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Letters to Editor Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins College High School Columnists Soccer Golf Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Television Music People & Entertainment Weekly Lifestyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Gift Guide Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Blogs Photos Video Radio Classifieds Boston Herald Drive with John Sapochetti, Rick Shaffer Listen Live Listen Now Watch Live On Demand Nintendo Switch shortages may be Apple’s fault Entertainment Weekly Thursday, June 01, 2017 Credit: Entertainment Weekly comments Apple is proving to be a problem for Nintendo and its wildly popular Switch console, according to a new report. Nintendo is experiencing Switch shortages due to low supply of critical components, like memory chips that store data and liquid-crystal displays, which Apple is gobbling up for its own products, The Wall Street Journal is reporting, citing sources who claim to have knowledge of the problem. Those sources told the Journal that strong consumer demand for Apple’s existing iPhone 7 line of devices, as well as work on upcoming handsets from the technology giant, leave little supply for other companies, like Nintendo. The Nintendo Switch has proven to be one of the year’s biggest hits. The console allows users to play games on their televisions, but can also be detached from a dock for mobile play. The device is currently unavailable at major retailers, and whenever new stock is made available, it quickly sells out. Nintendo has said that it’s working as hard as it can to get new supply to customers, but it’s been slow going. Nintendo hasn’t commented on why supply isn’t ramping up to the degree some might like, and has instead touted the strong demand for its hardware. However, the Journal‘s sources suggest that Apple, which makes some of the world’s most popular products, has far more power in the supply chain, thanks to the massive number of units it orders from suppliers. Apple’s orders, therefore, are being fulfilled before others, leaving Nintendo to wait in line. The Journal‘s sources said that Nintendo could respond by spending more on parts, but the move could push its console pricing to more than its current $299 price — something the company is apparently unwilling to do. Still, there are no signs of when Nintendo might overcome its Switch’s supply troubles. The company has said that demand will likely will remain strong through the end of the year. Meanwhile, Apple might not present many opportunities for Nintendo to jump the line. The iPhone maker is rumored to be planning three new handsets this year, and many analysts have said that 2017 could represent a “super-cycle” for Apple due to exceedingly high demand for its next handsets. This article originally appeared on Fortune.com Related Articles Kathy Griffin dropped from Squatty Potty ad campaign over Trump photo Donald Trump’s ‘covfefe’ tweet becomes literal overnight sensation Kathy Griffin bloody Trump pic defended by photographer More On: Entertainment Weekly Nintendo Apple Inc. Share this Article Join the Conversation Top Business Stories business & markets JetBlue to test tech at Logan donna goodison business & markets RadioShack closes 1,000 stores; 7 to remain open in Massachusetts chris woodyard real estate Roxbury rebuild eyes building big donna goodison business & markets Pipefitters eye new training center donna goodison Trending Now Carr: Lawrence illegal immigrants swept up in raid prove Sununu, LePage right CNN cuts ties with Kathy Griffin after video depicting Trump's severed head 30 busted in major fentanyl takedown Ohio AG sues drugmakers over opiate crisis: They `knew that what they were doing was wrong and they did it anyway" Market Summary and Investments Tweets by @bostonherald ✖ Boston Herald News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National US Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Op Ed Letters to the Editor Editorials Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Columnist College Soccer Golf High School Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Music Television LifeStyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Markets More… Classifieds Radio Horoscope Lottery Crossword Contests Weather RSS Feeds Archives Log In Legal Notices Advertise Purchase Back Copies Send a News Tip Contact Us Home Delivery e-Edition Mobile Apps Herald Newsletters Send a Letter to the Editor Boston Herald In Education Mass Literacy ©Copyright by the Boston Herald and Herald Media No portion of BostonHerald.com or its content may be reproduced without the owner's written permission. Privacy Commitment Terms Of Use Top
Leisure Home LBoard COMMENT Religious dept ought to be more discerning in its duties Read More FMT BAHASA FMT BORNEO+ FMT VIDEO CONTRIBUTE NEWS HOME NATION OPINION WORLD LEISURE SPORTS BUSINESS ADVERTISE WITH US Apple readying Siri-powered home assistant AFP | June 2, 2017 Like Echo and Home devices gaining traction in the market, an Apple home assistant could let people control lights or appliances and interact with the internet using voice commands. SAN FRANCISCO: Apple is preparing to launch a connected speaker to serve as a smart home assistant in a challenge to Amazon Echo and Google Home, a news report said Thursday. The speaker powered by Apple’s digital assistant Siri may be unveiled at the annual Worldwide Developers Conference next week in Silicon Valley, Bloomberg News reported. The new device — speculation about which has been swirling for months — could entice software makers to tailor applications or services for a broader array of Apple hardware. Like Echo and Home devices gaining traction in the market, an Apple home assistant could let people control lights or appliances and interact with the internet using voice commands. Apple did not reply to an AFP request for comment on the report. Amazon recently unveiled the latest member of its family of devices powered by its Alexa digital assistant — this one with a touchscreen. Amazon has dominated the category of connected speakers since 2014 when it introduced its first Echo, which responds to voice commands and allows users to order goods or rides and control connected appliances. A survey released last month by research firm eMarketer found Echo speakers held 70.6 percent of the US market, compared with 23.8 percent for Google Home and 5.6 percent for others including Lenovo, LG, Harmon Kardon and Mattel. Samsung-owned Harman Kardon meanwhile recently announced the release of an Invoke speaker powered by Microsoft’s digital assistant Cortana and integrating Skype for making calls using the device. At its annual developers gathering in May, Google announced an array of new partnerships and capabilities for Home smart speakers. Meanwhile, Apple has been under pressure to wow the world with a new creation as its culture-changing iPhone is about to turn 10 years old. Comments Readers are required to have a valid Facebook account to comment on this story. We welcome your opinions to allow a healthy debate. We want our readers to be responsible while commenting and to consider how their views could be received by others. Please be polite and do not use swear words or crude or sexual language or defamatory words. FMT also holds the right to remove comments that violate the letter or spirit of the general commenting rules. The views expressed in the contents are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of FMT. Comments Share this story Previous Story Next Story Former Yazidi sex slave makes tearful return to home village Robbie Williams and Black Eyed Peas join Manchester benefit gig ROS Med.Rect 1 Taboola ROS 1 ROS Med.Rect 2 Most Read News ‘Babi kau orang Malaysia’, jerit penumpang mabuk Drunk tied up after calling crew ‘a Malaysian… Report: MBI founder, son had previous conviction for fraud I didn’t start fight with Hannah Yeoh, says UUM… Pre-war shophouses collapsed due to neglect, say activists Astro ordered to censor drama The Magnificent Century Family ‘disgusted’ with stained bandage found in Airline crew praised for expert handling of mid-air scare Is Chinese support for DAP shifting to Warisan? MAS denies reducing cabin crew on flights to save cost ROS Med.Rect 3 Opinion SB Religious dept ought to be more discerning in its duties Smoking prohibited on flights, so why not alcohol? Alarming rise in food wastage during Ramadan Public sector graft: Of revolving doors and unspoken rules Mangsa buli kerana identiti anda tidak disenangi Recall RM1.5 billion loan to Proton unless Geely guarantees it More... FMT Bahasa Ku Nan sendiri tahu dia berbohong, kata Sivarasa Perlukah pengawal udara terbang bersama penumpang Malaysia Airlines? PPBM dakwa pihak atasan arah larangan majlis buka puasa Muhyiddin di masjid Van terbabas, 6 murid tahfiz maut, 9 cedera Kastam rampas 8 kontena berisi komponen mesin judi ‘Babi kau orang Malaysia’, jerit penumpang mabuk atas pesawat More... Misc Ads – Movie Content Facebook Page Home | About Us | Disclaimers / Copyright | Advertise | Contact Us | Copyright (C) 2009-2016 MToday News Sdn. Bhd. All Rights Reserved.
M³ CLL Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH ViaSat lofts world's most powerful communications satellite into orbit Toshiba asset-swap shock: Western Digital is not impressed Giffgaff 'roam like at home' package means £1/min calls in Jersey The Linux cloud swap that spells trouble for Microsoft and VMware Toyota's entertaining the idea of Linux in cars Apple Swift Playgrounds admit robots Microsoft's cunning plan to make Bing the leading search engine: Bribery Trident nuke subs are hackable, thunders Wikipedia-based report Social media vetting for US visas go live LIGO physicists eyeball a new gravitational wave Crapness of WannaCrypt coding offers hope for ransomware victims UK trigger-happy over fines for data breaches compared with Europe Performance anxiety: A different take on 'hybrid infrastructure' Ransomware realities: In your normal life, strangers don't extort you. But here you are BA's 'global IT system failure' was due to 'power surge' LinkedIn finds friends to join its 'Open19' data centre standards effort What happened when 300 DevOps experts took over the QE II? Windows is now built on Git, but Microsoft has found some bottlenecks Twilio packages code boilerplate to woo devs Facebook shares own tools to trap bugs before they break code Policy The Channel Tech industry thumps Trump's rump over decision leave Paris VMware's third growth business sprouts in Q1, plus a spare month Healthcare dev fined $155 MEEELLION for lying about compliance HPE sales slide, profits evaporate... but think of the future, CEO urges Samsung's Bixby assistant fails English, gets held back a month Qualcomm names its Windows 10 ARM PC partners German court says 'Nein' on Facebook profile access request Intel gives the world a Core i9 desktop CPU to play with Geek's Guide Curiosity rover's crater 'offered multiple microbe-friendly environments' Microsoft founder Paul Allen reveals world's biggest-ever plane Spacecraft spots possible signs of frozen water on the Moon Boffins play with the world's most powerful X‑ray gun to shoot molecules Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Virtual reality headsets even less popular than wearable devices Microsoft boosts its AI framework with Cognitive Toolkit 2.0 After reusing a rocket, SpaceX tries reusing Dragon capsule for ISS resupply Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence experts gather in London Verity Stob German robo-pastor preaches the GNU Testament IBM marketeers rub out chopper after visit from CEO Ginni I'll take the sandtrooper in white: Meet the rebel scum making Star Wars armour sets for a living WannaLaugh? Funsters port WannaCrypt to Commodore, Cisco, Nintendo and Tesla Software Apple Swift Playgrounds admit robots Gated community sees life beyond its borders 1 Jun 2017 at 21:29, Thomas Claburn Taking another tentative step toward openness, Apple says it will tweak its Swift Playgrounds educational coding app to interface with programmable toys, drones, and musical instruments. The Swift Playgrounds 1.5 update is scheduled to drop on Monday, June 5, in Apple's App Store. That happens to be the first day of the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference, where Swift will figure prominently. According to Craig Federighi, Apple's senior veep of software engineering, more than a million people around the world have explored Swift programming through the Swift Playgrounds app. He contends that the ability to create remote control code for devices has significant educational value. It's almost as if he's observed the possibilities that have been playing out for years between devices like the Raspberry Pi and programming languages like Python and JavaScript. Swift Playgrounds will be able to connect to Bluetooth-enabled robots, such as Lego Mindstorms Education EV3, Sphero SPRK+, several Parrot drones, Ubtech's Jimu, Wonder Workshop's Dash, and Skoogmusic's Skoog instrument. Apple needs to seed the next generation of Swift developers because it has been losing to Google in schools. It saw its iOS US K-12 market share drop from 19 per cent in 2015 to 14 per cent in 2016, according to Futuresource Consulting. Its macOS educational market share meanwhile slipped from 6 per cent to 5 per cent. At the same time, Google's Chrome OS saw its share of the US education market grow from 50 per cent to 58 per cent. Since its introduction in 2014, Swift has risen faster in popularity than any other programming language since Redmonk, a consultancy, began tracking such data. But its meteoric rise has slowed somewhat. "While the language appears to be entering something of a trough of disillusionment from a market perception standpoint, with major hype giving way to skepticism in many quarters, its statistical performance according to the observable metrics we track remains strong," Redmonk co-founder Stephen O'Grady wrote in March. Part of the pause may be related to Swift's unsettled foundation. Swift 4, expected this fall, is scheduled to include breaking changes, which keeps Objective-C in the picture for libraries and frameworks. And Google's recent adoption of Kotlin as a first-class language could strengthen the headwinds. Kotlin provides a modern, approachable syntax like Swift, but because it can run atop the Java Virtual Machine or be compiled into JavaScript, it already has an installed base, in the form of Java/Android developers. Swift's fans may be hoping for further lift from corporate backers outside Apple, like IBM. But IBM's extensive support for Java suggests it wouldn't mind if Kotlin ends up outshining Swift. Opening Swift Playgrounds up to outside devices makes sense, but Apple should look beyond raising the profile of its newfound favorite programming language. The company's caution with regard to interoperability – exemplified by its HomeKit strategy – leaves it looking like a laggard. ® Tips and corrections Post a comment MORE Apple Swift Programming Sign up to our Newsletter Get IT in your inbox daily Subscribe More from The Register Apple finally teaches Android music app to validate certificates Cupertino's so keen on Android it took eight months to repair interception bug 3 Comments Apple fights off iTunes patent spat appeal That bit where you said we didn't have to give them $500m – stick with that 7 Comments Apple blocks comms-snooping malware Leaked developer certificate revoked, protection updated 12 Comments Nokia, Apple lawyers make peace over nasty IP wrangle Unspecified lump sum heading for Finland 24 Comments Apple asks FCC to let it run mm-wave tests - for backhaul?! No, Apple is not practicing to be carrier. This is how you horn in on 5G 10 Comments Apple kills its Stores 18 Comments Whitepapers Blending Cloud-native and Conventional Applications This IDC InfoBrief, sponsored by Red Hat, reviews ten lessons from early adopters for successful integration of cloud native and traditional applications. Mobile App Security Program Management Handbook Whether you are starting from square one with a mobile app security initiative, have ad-hoc tasks you want to consolidate, or just want to improve an existing program. Achieving the Dynamic Data Center Examining the emergence of clustering in the enterprise data center, and a set of criteria to consider when evaluating options for managing advanced, clustered IT infrastructure. Rethinking Enterprise Data Management: A 360-Degree View Learn how to ensure the sort of data visibility, resiliency, protection, and optimized access that's required to make effective use of your data. Most read The Linux cloud swap that spells trouble for Microsoft and VMware Strong and stable? Theresa May's election poll lead succumbs to outlier syndrome Nest leaves competition in the dust with new smart camera Microsoft founder Paul Allen reveals world's biggest-ever plane Windows XP crashed too much to spread WannaCrypt Spotlight At the feet of the Great Monad, or, How the functional programming craze plays out Distro watch for Ubuntu lovers: What's ahead in Linux land The eternal battle for OpenStack's soul will conclude in three years. Again Bye bye MP3: You sucked the life out of music. But vinyl is just as warped Kill Google AMP before it KILLS the web Windows 10: Triumphs and tragedies from Microsoft Build The real battle of Android's future – who controls the updates Sorry Google, it's boring old workloads that are pumping up AWS and Azure, not sexy AI Sponsored links Know Your Infrastructure - On Prem and in the Cloud Get The Register's Headlines in your inbox daily - quick signup! Moving to the Cloud? Get a quote on selling IT. Get your cash back. About us Who we are Under the hood Contact us Advertise with us More content Week’s headlines Top 20 stories Alerts Whitepapers Situation Publishing The Next Platform Continuous Lifecycle London M-cubed Webinars The Register - Independent news, views and opinion for the tech sector. Part of Situation Publishing Sign up to our Newsletters Join our daily or weekly newsletters, subscribe to a specific section or set News alerts Subscribe Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017 Cookies Privacy Ts&Cs
Skip to content Skip to content Home About Our Authority Authors / Contact Privacy Notice Archives Advertise Here! The Pub Flyer/Card Think Tank Entrepreneurs Know Your Enemy Barack Hussein Obama aka Barry Soetoro: World Citizen Cable News Propagandists George Soros – Bringing Down America Rush Limbaugh The 10 Wealthiest Members of Congress The Federal Reserve The Global Warming Myth The Supreme Court U.S. Chamber of Commerce Hometown Corporate Mafia The Wendt Gang Red Pill Documentaries The United States Constitution The Federalist Papers The Anti-Federalist Papers The Word From the Trenches Archives Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 ← Inside Bilderberg Hotel Post Security Shakedown Dunkin’ Donuts claims trademark infringement by new North Attleboro coffee shop → Here’s How To Track The Smartphone Apps That Are Tracking You Posted on June 1, 2017 by Joe from MassPrivateI Fast Company – by Glenn Fleishman When it comes to websites, we have ever more sophisticated techniques at our disposal to block the ads that sometimes track our wanderings around the internet. But most of us spend much of our time these days in mobile apps that offer no transparency on how we’re being tracked or sold–nor tools for blocking that behavior. We must rely on operating system makers–primarily Apple and Google–to promulgate guidelines to developers on legitimate practices when it comes to tracking behavior, asking for personal information, and transferring data to remote servers. OS makers are also responsible for enforcing those requirements. The rules in place are very broad, and except for abuses that can be quickly checked by in-house reviewers, come into play most often when users and researchers report violations. Apple’s rules, for instance, require that apps must obtain someone’s permission before transmitting personal data, and have to describe how and where the data will be used. Apple doesn’t police these rules by performing network communication interceptions or demanding to audit remote databases. (The company declined an interview for this story.) “When applications ask for permissions, that is not really done in a manageable way,” says Franziska Roesner, an assistant professor in computer science and engineering at the University of Washington, who researches computer security and privacy. “iOS doesn’t know necessarily whether it’s reasonable for an application to use your location, and that’s why they ask the user,” she says. Apple has to rely on a developer’s disclosure as to what’s being done with that location data. Some of Roesner’s work tries to match up an app’s purpose and interface elements with the kind of permission being asked, to make sure a request isn’t misused. Many developers embed functionality in the form of third-party analytics packages and ad-technology code, which may associate seemingly innocuous user details with information collected from other sources. Thus, even if the data sent from an app seems benign in isolation, it might uniquely identify a user or be used for purposes that the developer is unaware of. Developers typically haven’t audited this code and couldn’t tell you in detail what it does. A recent case study was the app Meitu, made by a firm of the same name, which applies anime-like styling to people’s facial photos. The free app was available in China for years, but an English-language version went viral. When security researchers examined the software’s innards, they found that it was laden with analytics and ad packages, only some of which were linked to working code, and that it asked for extensive permissions in Android and iOS. Meitu told me at the time of the kerfuffle that it included certain geolocation and app-checking code to comply with advertising network requirements in China, where jailbroken devices can be used to defraud advertisers, and advertisers may demand that their messages be geofenced to appear only in certain regions. Apple confirmed that the app was and remains in compliance. This Haystack Project visualization provides a stark picture of the extent of mobile app communications with other parties, benign or otherwise. In the U.S., the Federal Trade Commission can’t intervene on behalf of consumers unless there’s a suspicion that a company has either broken a law regarding information privacy, including COPPA (the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Rule), or that a company has made a representation about what it does and lied. The FTC’s site has a page on its lawsuits and results on data privacy, including ones related to apps. So what’s a user to do? Academics are on it. Two complementary efforts, which are in the process of cooperating further, will turn more control over to those with mobile devices to monitor app connections, helping to expose bad actors and poorly designed private data security transfers, and allow scrubbing private information or blocking it altogether from being sent. LISTENING IN ON YOUR BEHALF A team led by Northeastern University’s Dave Choffnes, an assistant professor in its College of Computer and Information Science, developed ReCon, a sort of virtual private network (VPN) for personally identifiable data (PII in the field’s jargon). Unlike a regular VPN, which protects data in a secure tunnel between a user’s device and a data center or corporate server to prevent snoopers, ReCon also uses the VPN connection to act as a scanning proxy to examine all the data passing between your smartphone and the rest of the internet. It works by installing a network profile in iOS or Android, just like regular VPN services. ReCon can fully examine the contents of the unencrypted connections, which would also be in the clear for anyone on a public Wi-Fi network or other points of network interception when a VPN isn’t in use. Choffnes and his colleagues found some surprising practices. For instance, he says, GrubHub unintentionally sent user passwords to Crashlytics, a Google-owned firm that helps developers pinpoint code failures. When informed, GrubHub revised its code and had Crashlytics delete all the associated data that contained passwords. The group extracts data from app communications, and tries to determine what parts of it are PII. This is both harder and easier than it might sound. Most data is sent in a structured way, using an API and often in the standard JSON format, which groups data into a label (the “key”) and its associated value. But the team also applies machine learning, allowing it to identify PII more broadly, even when it appears without using any standard structure format, or shows up in surprising places. The ReCon project publishes some data derived from a few hundred early users, listing apps, the kind of data they passed, a severity score, whether a developer was notified, and when misbehavior was fixed (if indeed it was). For those who have installed the app, ReCon has a web-based console that allows users to block or modify information that’s sent. For instance, a user can block all examples of a given kind of PII, or block all location data sent from a given app. However, because some apps fail without location coordinates, the team is looking into coarsening GPS information instead of blocking it entirely. An app’s backend still gets relevant information, “but other parties aren’t able to pin down where you are to a few meters,” Choffnes notes. Of course, examining a flow of data from users itself raises massive privacy red flags, which is part of the evolution of ReCon. Its creators don’t ask for passwords, try to avoid storing the values sent, and check only to see whether, say, a password is obviously being passed without encryption. The group ultimately wants to perform distributed machine learning without users disclosing private or secret information, such as domains they’re visiting. BEFORE IT EVER GETS OFF THE PHONE The Haystack Project, a collaboration at the International Computer Science Institute (ICSI) at the University of California, Berkeley, among multiple academic institutions, starts with an Android app that captures data right at the source. (It’s not yet available for iOS.) Like ReCon, Haystack’s Lumen Privacy Monitor app acts like a VPN, but it shunts data internally, rather than sending it off the device for analysis. Because it’s in user control, the app can be given permission to intercept https connections and analyze everything sent between apps and servers. ReCon, sitting outside the device and the network, can’t, although it can identify a connection went to a particular destination, the rough payload size, and the frequency of communication. The Lumen app monitors what Android apps do with your data. Narseo Vallina-Rodriguez, a researcher at ICSI, says that the fact that Lumen doesn’t send data off the device means that its developers have to be more careful about bogging down a smartphone with processing tasks. At the moment, the tool measures and reports what apps are doing, though it could offer blocking controls in the future. The app reports back fully anonymized pieces of information, allowing researchers to understand the kind of personal information that’s being extracted and transmitted. “We’re seeing tons of things like some applications linking the MAC address of the Wi-Fi access point as a proxy for location,” says Vallina-Rodriguez. (A base station’s MAC address identifies it uniquely, and is used by Wi-Fi location databases run by Apple, Google, and other firms.) While certain kinds of personal data requires an app to trigger Android to ask for user permission, “we have found applications and third-party services that are somehow using inside channels without user awareness,” says Vallina-Rodriguez. He notes that an Android file that contains a variety of system-information details, like buffer size, may also have unique network identifiers, including an IP address, and that’s being sent without user consent. Fortunately, the two projects have both a friendly competition and plans for collaboration. The efforts will likely remain separate, but incorporate aspects or associate data to get a bigger picture about app behavior. And the ReCon team would like to develop software for a network appliance, a Raspberry Pi that would act as a sniffer or proxy or firmware for a network router, to let someone see the interactions across all network devices—especially Internet of Things equipment, which have all sorts of privacy and security issues of their own. Both ReCon and Lumen are working on obtaining more funding to improve the projects and make them viable for a large-scale consumer rollout. [Photo: Unsplash user Oliur Rahman] POLICIES INSTEAD OF GOBBLEDYGOOK As informative as RecCon and Lumen are, what apps are doing with our data remains an impenetrable subject. Many privacy experts and researchers point to the use of dense legal documents to define disclosure without those being linked to verifiable discrete elements that software (or humans) could check. The privacy disclosures are nearly impossible for typical users to parse, and even lawyers trained in the field might need to devote hours of effort to confirming whether they’re being followed. Choffnes notes, “The privacy policies, which is what they’re claiming they’ll do, tend to be written in a very broad way,” which gives them wiggle room to avoid running afoul of FTC deceptive business-practice regulations. The more vague they are, the less chance they’ve failed at disclosing information they grab. “As long as you disclose, almost anything goes,” says Stacey Gray, the policy counsel at the Future of Privacy Forum, a group that pulls from industry, consumer advocates, and other stakeholders. “If you’re not being deceptive in your policy, you can do almost anything.” Where matters become especially murky, she says, is where data usage is “unexpected, inappropriate, or sensitive.” A restaurant-finding app might ask for location to give you recommendations around you. But if it’s also selling your location as a revenue stream without disclosing so, “that’s unexpected or inappropriate.” You wouldn’t give up that right intentionally, but it could be easily hidden in a miasma of legal terminology. Gray also points out unintended consequences, where the app maker and a third-party ad tech network could both act within reasonable terms, but an unrelated party could violate privacy. She cites a situation in May 2016 in which a company claimed to be able to use advertising targeting to find women in the vicinity of Planned Parenthood clinics and serve them ads about anti-abortion religious counseling services. That action is possibly legal, but certainly not desirable by the users, ad networks, or publishers involved. (The service’s operator said he could place ads on Facebook pages; Facebook stated it could find no record of him or its ads.) The same conflicts that have driven the ad-blocking wars make it unlikely that the business models behind mobile apps will provide more transparency, making the research behind ReCon and Lumen all the more important. As Choffnes explains, “Most of the advances in this area are coming from academia; these are things that are a clear public good and would not come out of the business community, because their incentives are aligned to promote this behavior instead of consumer privacy.” https://www.fastcompany.com/40407424/smartphone-apps-are-tracking-you-and-heres-how-to-monitor-what-they-know Share this: Print Email Share on Tumblr Tweet Pocket This entry was posted in News, Videos. Bookmark the permalink. 426 ← Inside Bilderberg Hotel Post Security Shakedown Dunkin’ Donuts claims trademark infringement by new North Attleboro coffee shop → One Response to Here’s How To Track The Smartphone Apps That Are Tracking You # 1 NWO Hatr says: June 1, 2017 at 2:26 pm There’s an easier solution. Don’t get one in the first place. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Doom and Bloom E-Cigarettes Listen Live Monday - Friday 12 pm - 1 pm Pacific Call in line:  (641) 715-3610 Conference line:  220029# The Word From the Trenches Archives RICO REALTY The Looted Trillions US National Debt Clock Search Articles Search for: Connect     Notify of New Posts Email Address Help Support From the Trenches Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 This Land Photos Recent Comments RT Hawk on Dunkin’ Donuts claims trademark infringement by new North Attleboro coffee shop RT Hawk on Inside Bilderberg Hotel Post Security Shakedown RT Hawk on Inside Bilderberg Hotel Post Security Shakedown flee on Gunman kills himself after suspected robbery in Philippines casino: police Angel-NYC on Town Mortified As Govt Cuts Down, Destroys Community Fruit Forest Over Permit Issue Angel-NYC on Updates on North Korea amid US show of force – latest news Katie on Crazy “Cool Cloud” spins like a disc for HOURS in the Sky! | SAME SPOT Misty on Town Mortified As Govt Cuts Down, Destroys Community Fruit Forest Over Permit Issue Katie on Updates on North Korea amid US show of force – latest news Misty on We have to stop honoring war Katie on Gunman kills himself after suspected robbery in Philippines casino: police Katie on Staggering Number Of Homeless In LA Shows How Tough It Is To Get By Misty on The Word From the Trenches – June 1, 2017 Angel-NYC on The Marshall Tucker Band – Can’t You See KOYOTE( A TRANSETHNIC IRISHMAN) on Children Now Face Fines And Arrest If They Don’t Get A Permit To Mow Grass For Money Georgew on The Marshall Tucker Band – Can’t You See Enemy of the State on Dunkin’ Donuts claims trademark infringement by new North Attleboro coffee shop Enemy of the State on Radically-Designed New Concealed Carry .380 Cellphone Pistol tom nichols- American historian on Roman Public Religion # 1 NWO Hatr on PHILIPPINES PRESIDENT TELLS & EXPOSES ALL – Elite Want Him Gone Help Support From the Trenches  Subscribe in a reader © 2010 - 2017 From the Trenches World Report Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Viewing and Managing all of your Apple devices in iOS 10.3 | iLounge Tips iLounge Search NEW NEWS Sort by Category Recent Comments RSS Feed Submit News/Tip Archives Apple expanding Swift Playgrounds to teach… Plex adds Live TV support Nuvyyo adds new Tablo Dual to its over-the-air… Apple’s ‘Carpool Karaoke: The… Regulatory filings hint at four new iPads,… Apple releases WWDC app update ahead of next… REVIEWS + ACCESSORIES Recent Reviews Browse by Category iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories Apple Watch Accessories Speakers Headphones HomeKit Accessories Forum iLounge Books & Guides Submit a Product Elgato Eve Degree HomeKit Temperature &… 808 Audio Ear Canz Sport Marshall Monitor Black Bluetooth Headphones Mytek Brooklyn Digital-to-Analog Converter iWalk Watchman Backup Battery for Apple Watch,… Periodic Audio Mg, Ti, & Be In-Ear Monitors FEATURES Ask iLounge Best of the Year Awards Editorials Features Interviews Tutorials Reports Backstage Top Five: The Best Products for Building… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers… GEAR Apple Watch Bands Bags Batteries Car Mounts Fitness Screen Protectors Joby GripTight Pro Video Mount Native Union Cosmos Edition Lightning Cables Twelve South RelaxedLeather for iPhone 7… Just Mobile Xtand Vent Twelve South Journal for iPhone 7 and iPhone… DODOcase Leather Card Case for iPhone 7 and… MAC Macs Apps Cases Speakers Cameras Furniture Decor Mounts Extras Kensington Laptop Locking Station 2.0 IK Multimedia Syntronik Aspyr Media Mafia III Satechi Type-C Pro Hub for MacBook Pro Bloop Airmail 3.2.5 Blizzard Entertainment StarCraft HELP! Help! Links Forums Ask iLounge Tips Tutorials Apple Support Links FAQs iLounge Books & Guides Company Directory Viewing and Managing all of your Apple devices… Capturing iOS and tvOS screenshots using… Checking the Weather in the Maps app in iOS… Sharing HomeKit Access Correcting your iPhone’s Pronunciation Opening a Playlist in a separate window in… DEALS iLounge Deals brings our readers exclusive deals on gadgets, iOS accessories, consumer tech software, e-learning, and more, with a wide range of products and new deals added daily. Daily Deal: Pagico 8.7 Daily Deal: Moskito Smartphone App Controlled… Daily Deal: Sinji Panoramic Smart WiFi Camera Daily Deal: Glowbar Speaker Daily Deal: iKlips miReader 4K Daily Deal: Drive Genius 5 Standard License GALLERIES FORUMS iPod, iPhone & iPad Problems & Solutions Accessories iTunes & other software Filling Your Device Community Search Forums SHOP ABOUT US The Team Advertise Contact Us Submit App News Submit News Tip of the Day Viewing and Managing all of your Apple devices in iOS 10.3 By Jesse Hollington @jhollington ● 11 hours ago A new section added at the top of the Settings app in iOS 10.3 adds a handy single place for viewing a lot of the information associated with your Apple ID, including a single point of access for the iCloud, iTunes & App Store, and Family Sharing sections that were previously scattered about elsewhere. However, Apple has also added a few new features in this section to provide you with access to information that you could only find by logging into the iCloud or Apple ID web sites before. Among this is a new section that displays all of the devices associated with your Apple ID, including not only your iOS devices, but also your Macs and any Apple Watch or Apple TV devices that you’ve signed into. This goes beyond just a list, however — tapping on any of these devices will bring you to a screen showing you more details. This includes a shortcut for Find My iPhone/iPad/Mac/Watch and whether it’s enabled or not and status of iCloud backups for iOS devices, followed by model, OS version, and serial number information. Devices that support Apple Pay will also show a list of the cards that have been added to each device, along with the ability to remove all of your cards from that device. It’s a handy way to keep track of all of your iOS devices, especially if you need to quickly find the serial number of a Mac or iPad that you don’t have with you, or want to remove your payment information when you’ve misplaced a device. Comments Capturing iOS and tvOS screenshots using your Mac » Recent Tips Capturing iOS and tvOS screenshots using your Mac Checking the Weather in the Maps app in iOS 10.3 Sharing HomeKit Access Correcting your iPhone’s Pronunciation Converting your child’s Apple ID into a Children’s Account Avoiding lens switching when shooting video on the iPhone 7 Plus Plugging your iPhone in silently Filtering Explicit Language in Siri Quickly marking your current location in Apple Maps Finding Flagged or Unread Messages in all Mailboxes Using 3D Touch to view notifications in folders Renaming Albums in the iOS 10 Photos app Adjusting 3D Touch Sensitivity Changing iPhone volume using Siri Using your iPhone as a Game Controller for your Apple TV Using your iPad as a Home Hub for HomeKit Showing a Smart Folder in the iOS 10 Mail Widget Filtering your Message List in the iOS 10 Mail app Managing iMessage Apps in iOS 10 Customizing the Library View in the iOS 10 Music app Checking Activation Lock Status before purchasing an iOS Device Sorting Playlists, Songs, and Albums in the Music app Enabling Star Ratings in the iOS 10.2 Music app Disabling App Notifications in CarPlay Using Double Tap to Control Play/Pause on AirPods Keeping the Christmas Tree Lights On with HomeKit Preserving Camera settings in iOS 10.2 Choosing iPhone Flashlight Brightness Tracking Your Sleep in iOS 10 Showing Holiday Memories in iOS 10 Photos See all Tips. » iLounge Weekly Recent News Apple expanding Swift Playgrounds to teach coding for robots, drones and musical instruments Plex adds Live TV support Report provides new insights into Apple’s upcoming Siri smart speaker Nuvyyo adds new Tablo Dual to its over-the-air TV DVR lineup Apple’s ‘Carpool Karaoke: The Series’ to debut August 8 Regulatory filings hint at four new iPads, new Magic Keyboard for possible release at WWDC Apple releases WWDC app update ahead of next week’s event Android pioneer Andy Rubin announces ‘Essential Home’ Smart Home Hub Apple releases second round of betas for iOS 10.3.3, tvOS 10.2.2, watchOS 3.2.3 Apple developing dedicated AI chip Recent Reviews Elgato Eve Degree HomeKit Temperature & Humidity Monitor 808 Audio Ear Canz Sport Marshall Monitor Black Bluetooth Headphones Mytek Brooklyn Digital-to-Analog Converter iWalk Watchman Backup Battery for Apple Watch, iPhone, and iPad Periodic Audio Mg, Ti, & Be In-Ear Monitors Hidrate Spark 2.0 Smart Water Bottle 808 Audio Canz GLO and Canz H2O Bluetooth Speakers Adaptive Sound Technologies LectroFan micro Wireless Speaker and Sleep Sound Generator FABRIQ AirPlay and Bluetooth Alexa-Enabled Speaker Recent Articles Top Five: The Best Products for Building a Smart Home with HomeKit Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of watchOS 3 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of tvOS 10 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of iOS 10 Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced Computer Vision Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers ‘clarity and simplicity’ Inside the betas: iOS 10 Maps gets a major redesign Inside the betas: iOS 10 shakes up the user experience Inside the betas: watchOS 3 promises a real speed boost Inside the betas: A sneak peek at what’s new in tvOS 10 Win Subscribe Buy ADVERTISE | CONTACT US Search Sign up for the iLounge Weekly Newsletter iLounge is an independent resource for all things iPod, iPhone, iPad, and beyond. iPod, iPhone, iPad, iTunes, Apple TV, Mac, and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc. iLounge is © 2001 - 2017 iLounge, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Subscribe Username Sign In Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Retropolis National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Newsletters & Alerts Podcasts Cape Up Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments0 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it The Switch How Apple may compete with Amazon’s Echo and Google Home The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Hayley Tsukayama By Hayley Tsukayama June 1 at 4:20 PM Follow @htsuka The Apple logo at a store in San Francisco's Union Square. (Eric Risberg/AP) Speculation over what Apple will do to compete in the home hub market is spinning up ahead of Apple's annual developers conference next week, where many analysts expect the company to confirm the project. And what will be the Apple home hub's distinguishing feature? It may be sound quality, according a report from Bloomberg News. The Siri-infused speaker will really focus on producing quality surround sound and may also have a feature that can measure the room it's in and adjust its sound accordingly, the report said. Although there were no details on how this room-adapting feature works, it sounds similar to one already on Sonos speakers, called Trueplay, that uses the microphone in an iOS device to measure a room. Apple declined to comment on the report. Focusing on sound quality would give Apple an advantage, particularly given its historical strength in music, if it moves to another front in its war against Google and Amazon.com. Both of those companies already have smart speakers on the market that integrate with their services, but they aren't going to challenge Bose or other high-end speaker systems. Still, it will be stiff competition. Both Google and Amazon are continually adding features to their devices and the voice assistants they house. Google, at its own developers conference, announced that its Google Home will work with more devices, thanks to a Bluetooth connection, as well as even deeper integration with its own services. And Amazon on Thursday announced that its Echo line of smart home hubs now lets users further customize their reminders and timers on the device — a small but useful update for two core uses of these devices. (Amazon chief executive Jeffrey P. Bezos is the owner of The Washington Post.) Apart from focusing on sound quality, Apple will also have to find ways to leverage its own ecosystem of services — iTunes, the App Store, HomeKit, Siri and more — to convince potential buyers that its hub is right for them. It's not yet clear how Apple will do this, although Bloomberg reports that there will be “deep integration” with Apple services. However, contrary to prior reports from analysts, the Bloomberg report said Apple's home hub will not have a screen. That could mean it won't compete, as expected, with Amazon's recent Echo Look — a home hub that allows for video calling and potentially threatens Apple's FaceTime. Still, Apple has laid some groundwork in the home hub space before, by allowing some smart home devices such as lightbulbs to be controlled through its Apple TV, and prominently featuring its own apps for the living room. A smart speaker that builds on what Apple TV has offered would give users more flexibility to decide where to place their home hub. business technology the-switch true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 0 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Hayley Tsukayama covers consumer technology for The Washington Post. Follow @htsuka 0 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Most Read 1 Walmart is asking employees to deliver packages on their way home from work 2 Paul Allen just rolled out the world’s largest airplane, and he is ready to take on the rocketmakers 3 Analysis The ultra-rich are hiding way more money overseas than anyone realized 4 ‘Something fishy’ is going on with Trump’s Twitter account, researchers say 5 Analysis Don’t compare Trump’s Paris decision to Nicaragua’s; they’ve embraced renewable energy The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post. Subscribe Market Watch DJIA 0.65% NASDAQ 0.78% Get quote Last Update: 4:53 PM 06/01/2017(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game business technology the-switch Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Close video player Now Playing Sideways Dictionary Created by See More Analogies or Add Your Own Sponsored by Sponsored by Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Welcome to Rappler, please select your default country:   Philippines   Indonesia Go! PhilippinesIndonesia Coupons   Rappler Shop Login to Rappler Login to Rappler using your social account: Already have a Rappler Account? Login or Register to create one. Home News Philippines #PHvote 2016 World #BalikBayan Science & Nature Video Newscast Shows Reports Documentary Specials Business Economy Brighter Life Industries Money Features Specials Newsbreak Investigative In-depth Rappler IQ Inside Track Flashback Rich Media MovePH Issues #Agos #BudgetWatch #HungerProject Community IMHO Views Thought Leaders iSpeak Rappler Blogs #AnimatED Life & Style Food Career Travel Specials #PugadBaboy Entertainment Entertainment News Movies Music Special Coverage Sports Boxing Basketball Football Other Sports University Sports Tech News Features Reviews Hands on Social Media BrandRap Finance & Industries Health & Self Lifestyle Tech & Innovation Advertise X Jobs Coupons Rappler Shop News Philippines #PHvote 2016 World #BalikBayan Science & Nature Video Newscast Shows Reports Documentary Specials Business Economy Brighter Life Industries Money Features Specials Newsbreak Investigative In-depth Rappler IQ Inside Track Flashback Rich Media MovePH Issues #Agos #BudgetWatch #HungerProject Community IMHO Views Thought Leaders iSpeak Rappler Blogs #AnimatED Life & Style Food Career Travel Specials #PugadBaboy Entertainment Entertainment News Movies Music Special Coverage Sports Boxing Basketball Football Other Sports University Sports Tech News Features Reviews Hands on Social Media BrandRap Finance & Industries Health & Self Lifestyle Tech & Innovation Advertise X ABOUT RAPPLER Welcome to Rappler, a social news network where stories inspire community engagement and digitally fuelled actions for social change. Rappler comes from the root words "rap" (to discuss) + "ripple" (to make waves). Read more Rappler's 2013 Board Privacy Statement Contact Us Rappler's Founding Board Terms of Use Advertise With Us Rappler Team Rappler Indonesia Team Comment Moderation Policy Archives Job Openings OTHER CONTENT #PHVote 2016 • Philippine News • Weather Forecast Philippines • Pugad Baboy • Typhoon Haiyan (Yolanda) • Pork Barrel Scam • Disaster Preparedness • Disaster Response • Disaster Recovery • Manny Pacquiao • The Hunger Project • Travel Philippines • UAAP • FOI bill • Charter Change • Indonesia News • Gilas Pilipinas • Jejomar Binay • Makati City • #ProjectAgos • Typhoon Ruby (Hagupit) • AirAsia flight QZ8501 • Pope Francis Quotes • Miss Universe• Facebook down • Travel in the Philippines • Places to visit in the Philippines • Philippine holidays • Join the #PHVote Challenge! Go! LATEST NEWS WATCH: Shaq, Magic, NBA stars read Mean Tweets on Kimmel Live NBA Berita hari ini: Jumat, 2 Juni 2017 The wRap RTVM apologizes for streaming Logan on Facebook page Philippines Police: Resorts World Manila shooting not act of terrorism Philippines Ex-Solgen Hilbay seeks support in martial law petition Philippines Filipino boxer Michael Farenas scores bloody KO in comeback fight Boxing Juventus Stadium berubah menjadi Allianz Stadium Olahraga Amerika Serikat mundur dari kesepakatan perubahan iklim Paris Berita Japan parliament passes emperor abdication law Asia Pacific Resorts World Manila confirms 35 dead, denies security lapse Philippines View more stories Tech News Apple says payouts from App Store total $70 billion Apple also says downloads have grown over 70% over the past 12 months, fueled by hit games like Pokemon Go and Super Mario Run Agence France-Presse @afp Published 11:00 PM, June 01, 2017 Updated 11:00 PM, June 01, 2017 A worker handles a newly arrived Apple iPhone 7 at an electronic store in Buenos Aires, Argentina, on April 07, 2017. File photo by Eitan Abramovich SAN FRANCISCO, USA – Apple said on Thursday, June 1, it has paid out more than $70 billion to app developers since opening its App Store in 2008, and that the ecosystem is still growing. "People everywhere love apps and our customers are downloading them in record numbers," said Philip Schiller, Apple's senior vice president of marketing, in a statement ahead of next week's annual developer conference by the iPhone maker. "Seventy billion dollars earned by developers is simply mind-blowing. We are amazed at all of the great new apps our developers create and can't wait to see them again next week at our Worldwide Developers Conference." Apple said downloads have grown over 70% over the past 12 months, fueled by hit games like Pokemon Go and Super Mario Run. Apple, which faces a growing challenge in the mobile space from the dominant Google Android system, has been tweaking its business model as part of an effort to keep developers in its ecosystem. In addition to payment for downloads, Apple allows developers to use a subscription model across all 25 app categories. The company said active paid subscriptions are up 58% year over year. "Customers are enjoying subscriptions across a wide variety of services including longtime favorites such as Netflix and Hulu, as well as newcomers like Tastemade, the modern, mobile-first cooking network, and photo editing apps like Over and Enlight," an Apple statement said. Apple has more than two million paid and free apps for the iPhone, iPad and other devices. – Rappler.com Filed under:App Store•Apple•Philip Schiller•iOS•iPhones HOW DOES THIS STORY MAKE YOU FEEL? Happy Sad Angry Don't Care Inspired Afraid Amused Annoyed Back These stories made other people Check them out! × Would you like to share your vote? ABOUT RAPPLER Welcome to Rappler, a social news network where stories inspire community engagement and digitally fuelled actions for social change. Rappler comes from the root words "rap" (to discuss) + "ripple" (to make waves). Read more Rappler's Founding Board Rappler's 2014-2016 Board Rappler Team Rappler Indonesia Team Job Openings Archives X Join The #PHVote Challenge! Privacy statement Terms of Use Comment moderation Policy Advertise With Us Contact Us SECTIONS #PHvote 2016 News Video Business Newsbreak MovePH Views Life & Style Entertainment Sports Tech Live BrandRap Weather in the Philippines Disasters Travel destinations Coupons Jobs COMMUNITY Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Storify Flickr Instagram Android iOS Windows × Log In with your Rappler Account Email: Password: Cancel Submit × Register for a RAPPLER Account Fields with * are required. Thank You. View your profile page here OR Click close to continue. Email: Password: First Name: Last Name: Birthday: (YYYY-MM-DD) City/Municipality: Province: Gender: Select gender Male Female Contact Number: School/Work: Subscriptions I want to subscribe to the Rappler daily wRap I want to be a Project Agos volunteer Terms & Conditions I agree to the Rappler terms and conditions below: Privacy Statement Site Use Policy Comment Moderation Policy Cancel Submit × Update your information Fields with * are required. Thank You. You have successfully updated your account. First Name: Last Name: Email: Birthday: (YYYY-MM-DD) City/Municipality: Province: Gender: Select gender Male Female Contact Number: School/Work: Cancel Submit
Digital Trends Home > Mobile > Since 2008, Apple’s App Store has paid more… Since 2008, Apple’s App Store has paid more than $70 billion to developers By Brenda Stolyar — June 1, 2017 11:37 am Subscribe Share arisara / Shutterstock.com Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends Get today's popular Digital Trends articles in your inbox: Why it matters to you As Apple pays out more for developers, you could see higher-quality apps being released in the App Store. Apple announced today that its global developer community has earned over $70 billion since the App Store’s launch in 2008. This brings Apple to a new record-breaking number after app developers earned over $50 billion last July. The high earnings don’t come as a shock — after all, Apple saw $240 million in App Store sales on the first day of 2017 alone. Developers create apps — from lighthearted games to personal finance tools — for consumers in 155 different countries for the App Store. Within the last year alone, Apple said app downloads have grown over 70 percent. The growth is attributed to the release of hits like Pokémon Go, another record-breaking milestone for the App Store. Aside from the gaming category, lifestyle along with health and fitness apps have also grown more than 70 percent, with photo and video at 90 percent growth. “People everywhere love apps and our customers are downloading them in record numbers,” said Philip Schiller, Apple’s senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing, in a statement. The App Store’s active paid subscriptions also attribute to the rise in numbers since subscription business models became available to developers. With customers binge-watching on streaming services such as Netflix and Hulu, active paid subscriptions are up 58 percent. Apple is consistently hitting higher numbers with the App Store — it has since been trying to improve the overall experience for developers to keep the influx of apps rolling in. While the 70/30 revenue model still remains, with developers receiving 70 percent and Apple taking 30 percent of App Store sales, the submission process has been simplified. Developers now, for example, only have to submit one screenshot for their app across all devices such as the iPhone and the iPad rather than multiple. As Apple’s WWDC 2017 quickly approaches, there could be more announcements on whether or not more changes will be made for developers to help the App Store continue to exceed its current metrics.
Home News Featured News Columns Front-Page Flashback Out & About Garden Spot Outdoor Adventure Hand in Hand with Elayne Monday’s Warm Cocoa Clerk’s Corner Tech Guru Critter Chatter A Student’s View Museum Memories Matters of Faith Financial Focus Non-Active Columns The Hamilton Papers Movie Reviews Homefront Pioneer Prose In Good Health Blast from the Past The Chopping Block Children’s Justice Center From the Heart Over the Fence Editor’s Notebook Horse Whisperer Family Ties Obits Hometown Sports Sports Feature Articles From the Sidelines Sports Wrap Announcements Weddings Anniversaries Babies Birthdays Missionaries Military Bulletin Board Notes of Appreciation Honors, Awards & Graduations Opinion Editorials Op-Eds Letters to the Editor Send Letter to Editor Community News School News Special Sections Christmas Writing Photo Gallery Archive Events Subscribe Classifieds Browse Ads Search Ads Place Ad About Us Who We Are Our Staff Media Kit Request a Quote Contact Us Support Extras Tell Me a Story Our Picks Poetry Make One Great Dish Book Reviews Moments in Time Strange But True Short Stories Amazon Store Kindle Store Links Weather (No Ratings Yet) Loading... Scott Lindsay No comments yet Tech Guru 41 Views Related Streamline your computer files, adjust monitor’s night settings Customize your display, menu bar and dock in Sierra Change your sign-in password, set a pin number in Windows 10 June 1, 2017 MacOS Sierra 10.12.4 update comes with Night Shift options When Apple updates the macOS operating system, much of the time there will be security updates to help protect your computer. In this version, they have also released a new feature called Night Shift to enhance your view during evening hours. Back up all your data and then go to the app store and install all available updates. Before I get into the new Night Shift option, there are a few other improvements that I wanted to mention quickly. For example, according to Apple, this update also includes: Siri support for cricket sports scores and statistics for Indian Premier League and International Cricket Council, dictation support for Shanghainese, resolves several PDF rendering and annotation issues in Preview, improves the visibility of the subject line when using Conversation View in Mail and fixes an issue that may prevent content from appearing in Mail messages. I mention these to give you an idea of the type of improvements an update can provide and how important it is to be certain you have installed all your macOS updates. Night Shift is available for the following: “MacBook Air (Mid 2012 or later), MacBook (Early 2015 or later), MacBook Pro (Mid 2012 or later), Mac mini (Late 2012 or later), iMac (Late 2012 or later), and Mac Pro (Late 2013). Once you enable Night Shift, the display on your Mac will adjust its colors so it uses less blue light and instead uses what Apple states is: “the warmer end of the spectrum.” Turn on this feature to see if it is something you prefer. During daytime, your Mac will go back to using more blue light. Open System Preferences through the Apple menu and select Displays. Select the Night Shift tab near the top of the box. To enable, select Sunset to Sunrise from the Schedule drop-down menu. There are three statements Apple includes with Night Shift: 1. “This may help you get a better night’s sleep,” 2. “Night Shift does not apply to connected televisions or projectors” and 3. “Warmer settings may affect the appearance of some onscreen motion.” If you use connect an additional monitor, Night Shift will only be available on your primary display. Give Night Shift a try and if you don’t like it, you can easily go back and disable the feature. For 15 years, Scott Lindsay has helped tens of thousands of people better their skills, publishing more than 400 articles about Apple and Microsoft software, the computer and the Internet. You can reach Scott for comments or questions at ScottLindsay@live.com Share Post Tweet 0 Comments Recommended Streamline your computer files, adjust monitor’s night settings Customize your display, menu bar and dock in Sierra Change your sign-in password, set a pin number in Windows 10 Use flash drive and ransomware Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong> Events Calendar Local Weather For more weather including 7 and 10 day forecasts click HERE. Menu Featured News Hometown Sports Columns Classifieds Obits Links Amazon Store Kindle Store Who We Are Contact Us Request a Quote Send Letter to Editor Help & Support Contact Us Toll Free: (866) 721-9992 Local: (435) 882-0050 Fax: (435) 882-6123 Email: tbp@tooeletranscript.com Hours of Operation Monday – Friday: 8:30 am - 5:30 pm Closed Sat. & Sun. Who We Are At the Tooele Transcript Bulletin, we provide up-to-date news and advertising for Tooele County, Utah. Founded in 1894, our twice-weekly newspaper has been serving readers and the community for nearly 120 years. In addition to the newspaper, we provide a broad range of print, digital and strategy services. Our parent company, Transcript Bulletin Publishing, has in-house graphic designers, photographers, writers, pressmen and technicians that create cool stuff, from print pieces and websites, to signs and graphics. Want your business or organization to be seen in a fresh and exciting way — without busting your budget? We can help. Visit our website at www.tbpublishing.com ArticlesArticles Select Category A Student’s View Anniversaries Babies Birthdays Blast from the Past Book Reviews Breaking News Bulletin Board Children’s Justice Center Christmas Writing Clerk’s Corner Community News Critter Chatter Editor’s Notebook Editorials Family Ties Featured News Financial Focus From the Heart From the Sidelines Front-Page Flashback Garden Spot Hand in Hand with Elayne Homefront Hometown Honors, Awards & Graduations Horse Whisperer In Good Health Letters to the Editor Make One Great Dish Matters of Faith MIlitary Missionaries Moments in Time Monday’s Warm Cocoa Movie Reviews Museum Memories Notes of Appreciation Obits Op-Eds Our Picks Out & About Outdoor Adventure Over the Fence Photo Gallery Photos of the Month Pioneer Prose Poetry School News Short Stories Sports Sports Wrap Strange But True Tech Guru Tell Me a Story The Chopping Block The Hamilton Papers Weddings Archives Archives Select Month June 2017  (26) May 2017  (220) April 2017  (197) March 2017  (226) February 2017  (236) January 2017  (238) December 2016  (230) November 2016  (232) October 2016  (238) September 2016  (248) August 2016  (257) July 2016  (230) June 2016  (255) May 2016  (247) April 2016  (228) March 2016  (270) February 2016  (222) January 2016  (214) December 2015  (250) November 2015  (207) October 2015  (259) September 2015  (251) August 2015  (259) July 2015  (260) June 2015  (257) May 2015  (240) April 2015  (268) March 2015  (276) February 2015  (229) January 2015  (241) December 2014  (304) November 2014  (241) October 2014  (289) September 2014  (294) August 2014  (252) July 2014  (316) June 2014  (282) May 2014  (292) April 2014  (292) March 2014  (272) February 2014  (259) January 2014  (272) December 2013  (258) November 2013  (253) October 2013  (323) September 2013  (246) August 2013  (298) July 2013  (293) June 2013  (265) May 2013  (316) April 2013  (318) March 2013  (287) February 2013  (259) January 2013  (306) December 2012  (285) November 2012  (276) October 2012  (294) September 2012  (89) August 2012  (37) July 2012  (37) June 2012  (18) May 2012  (19) April 2012  (246) March 2012  (300) February 2012  (250) January 2012  (13) December 2011  (29) November 2011  (15) October 2011  (9) September 2011  (11) August 2011  (13) July 2011  (9) June 2011  (17) May 2011  (12) April 2011  (8) March 2011  (11) February 2011  (12) January 2011  (13) December 2010  (9) November 2010  (10) October 2010  (12) September 2010  (11) August 2010  (12) July 2010  (9) June 2010  (10) May 2010  (9) April 2010  (9) March 2010  (6) February 2010  (4) January 2010  (6) December 2009  (9) November 2009  (6) October 2009  (8) September 2009  (71) August 2009  (7) July 2009  (8) June 2009  (3) May 2009  (6) April 2009  (1) March 2009  (2) February 2009  (2) January 2009  (3) December 2008  (4) November 2008  (4) October 2008  (7) September 2008  (3) August 2008  (4) July 2008  (6) June 2008  (4) May 2008  (4) April 2008  (7) March 2008  (5) February 2008  (5) January 2008  (4) December 2007  (5) November 2007  (4) October 2007  (2) September 2007  (6) August 2007  (1) May 2005  (276) April 2005  (310) March 2005  (323) February 2005  (101) Designed, constructed and managed by Transcript Bulletin Publishing, Tooele, UT ©
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Apps & Software Image Source: Apple New concept video shows off some iOS 11 features we’d love to see Yoni Heisler @edibleapple June 1st, 2017 at 3:13 PM Share Tweet WWDC is just a few days away and Tim Cook has seemingly made good on his promise to double down on product secrecy. While we have a general idea of what new software and hardware Apple will introduce next week, we’re going into WWDC 2017 with decidedly less information than we’ve had in previous years. That being the case, all eyes will be laser-focused on Craig Federighi this coming Monday when he reveals what type of new features Apple is planning to pack into iOS 11. While the excitement surrounding the forthcoming iPhone 8 is understandable, a brand new iOS release is exciting in its own right. Don't Miss: Aerospace exec says aliens not only exist, they’re living on Earth right now Over the past few weeks and months, we’ve seen scattered reports regarding what type of new iOS 11 features Apple may introduce. Some of the more notable iOS 11 rumors we’ve seen suggest Apple next week will roll out support for peer-to-peer payments via Apple Pay, an enhanced version of Siri, and multi-user support for FaceTime video conferencing. There are also rumblings that Apple may finally bestow iOS with a Dark Mode option, but we’ve seen this particular rumor surface around WWDC for years only to quickly whither away. In any event, with Apple doing a great job of keeping upcoming iOS 11 features under wraps, all we can do for the time being is speculate what type of new and exciting features Apple might have in store for us. That being the case, some designers have let their imaginations run wild and have delivered some pretty snazzy and intuitive iOS 11 concept videos. One of the better ones we’ve seen surfaced just two weeks ago and features a whopping 100 iOS 11 features packed into an easy to digest 11-minute video. It’s definitely worth checking out if you haven’t seen it yet. More recently, the ConceptsiPhone YouTube Channel released their own wish-list video comprised of iOS 11 features. As concept videos tend to go, not every feature imagined in the video is practical, but there are nonetheless a few crafty suggestions we wouldn’t mind seeing Apple implement once it releases the next-gen version of iOS. Most notably, we would love to see Apple make the Control Center in iOS much more versatile. Tags: Apple, iOS 11 View Comments Trending 1 Tech Samsung’s about to launch a new version of the Galaxy S8 2 Tech How the iPhone 8 will look next to the iPhone 7, the Google Pixel and other top phones 3 Science Aerospace exec says aliens not only exist, they’re living on Earth right now 4 Science Scientists just destroyed our dreams of a real Jurassic Park 5 Deals Amazon’s 15 best deals: Four different Bose wireless speakers, best-selling drone, Beats Solo3, more Picked For You How the iPhone 8 will look next to the iPhone 7, the Google Pixel and other top phones By Yoni Heisler 13 hours ago Here’s a gorgeous iPhone 8 concept that Apple could never make By Chris Smith 17 hours ago Andy Rubin’s new company already got screwed by Apple By Chris Mills 1 day ago Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 248% 70% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 113% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 64% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/1/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 248% 70% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 113% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 64% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/1/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Apple, Inc.'s App Store Downloads Are Soaring As iPhone revenue growth stalls, investors may want to turn their attention to Apple's fast-growing services segment, which is benefiting from soaring App Store sales. Daniel Sparks (TMFDanielSparks) Jun 1, 2017 at 4:12PM As Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhone sales growth leveled off in recent years, management has been attempting to shift investor attention toward the tech giant's rapidly growing services segment. The segment offers continued growth prospects and a more reliable revenue stream than Apple's more volatile hardware sales. While Apple's services segment is benefiting from a broad base of growth drivers, including App Store sales, Apple Pay, Apple Music, and more, App Store sales serve as the segment's primary catalyst. That's why when Apple shares an update on its App Store business, investors may want to take note. Apple App Store. Image source: Apple.https://www.apple.com/newsroom/2017/06/developer-earnings-from-the-app-store-top-70-billion/ On Thursday, Apple shared an update on its App Store, including the announcement that all-time App Store earnings paid to developers hit $70 billion. Here's what investors should know. Still a major catalyst Overall, Apple's latest data on its App Store continues to drive home one important point for Apple investors: The App Store is more integral to Apple's business than ever before. Consider these takeaways from Apple's App Store update: All-time gross App Store revenue, including Apple's 30% cut and developers' 70% cut, has now hit $100 billion. Apple's cut of App Store Revenue is about $30 billion. Developer earnings from the App Store are up 40% since August 2016, growing from about $50 billion to $70 billion. App Store downloads are up more than 70% in the trailing 12 months compared to the preceding 12-month period. In its update on App Store sales, Apple also provided some context on App Store categories driving this growth. Gaming and Entertainment, thanks to "breakout hits" like Pokemon GO and Super Mario and streaming-TV subscriptions like Netflix and Hulu, are the top-grossing App Store categories, Apple said. Further, thanks to Apple's more accommodating policies on recurring subscriptions (the policies were revamped last year), subscriptions have now expanded to every app category and are up 58% year over year. Why it matters Investors are increasingly looking to Apple's services segment as the next frontier for the tech giant's growth. In Apple's most recent quarter, services revenue increased 18% year over year, helping make up for some of the iPhone segment's much slower growth. IPhone revenue was down 1% year over year. Of course, Apple's services segment is much smaller than Apple's iPhone segment. In the second quarter of 2017, for instance, services revenue was $7 billion and iPhone revenue was $33 billion. But, with the help of surging App Store revenue, which was up 40% in Apple's second quarter, Apple's services business is growing as a percentage of total revenue. In Q2, services accounted for 13.3% of total revenue, up from 11.8% of revenue in the same quarter in 2016. Investors will watch for Apple's App Store to continue helping the tech giant's services business grow into a more meaningful operating segment for the company. Looking out to 2020, Apple believes its services business can grow to twice the size it was at the end of 2016 -- and Apple's going to need App Store revenue to continue growing nicely for this to happen. Daniel Sparks owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Daniel Sparks (TMFDanielSparks) Daniel Sparks is a senior technology specialist at The Motley Fool. He served in the U.S. Army on active duty and graduated with an MBA from Colorado State University. Follow @danielsparks Article Info Jun 1, 2017 at 4:12PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $153.18 up $0.42 (0.27%) Read More How to Buy Apple Stock, and Why You Should Want To 5 Top Dividend Stocks in Wearables Apple Inc. Poaches a Qualcomm, Inc. Chip Executive This Apple Inc. iPhone Rumor Sounds Sketchy Rumor: Apple Inc. to Kill the iPad Mini Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Apple, Inc.'s App Store Downloads Are Soaring @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Other Sports Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Sports Buzz Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian The Mercury News Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Other Sports Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Sports Buzz Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian Biz Break: Developers are rolling in the green… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: ‘Sharknado 5’ National Spelling Bee Arnold’s kids need houses Single-payer bill advances Televangelist rape coverup? Giants’ minor-league woes Business Biz Break: Developers are rolling in the green from Apple App Store sales Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Apple A screenshot of Apple’s App Store. On Thursday, Apple said it has paid out $70 billion to app developers since the App Store went live in 2008. Apple made the disclose four days ahead of its annual Worldwide Developers Conference, in San Jose. By Rex Crum | rcrum@bayareanewsgroup.com | Bay Area News Group PUBLISHED: June 1, 2017 at 12:26 pm | UPDATED: June 1, 2017 at 2:07 pm Top of the Order:   Bring on the Apps: Apple doesn’t like to talk much unless it really has something it wants to say. And even for Apple, it’s hard to avoid talking about $70 billion. That’s the amount that Apple says it has paid out to developers from its App Store since it went live back in 2008. Last year, Apple made a change in how it splits App Store sales between itself and developers of subscription based apps to give developers 85 percent of apps that are subscribed to for more than one year. The prior split had been 70 percent for developers and 30 percent for Apple. Related Articles Biz Break: Amazon to pay out millions for kids’ unauthorized in-app buys Biz Break: Netflix’s President Underwood is back in office as ‘House of Cards’ returns Biz Break: Extry! Extry! Apple News gets a real editor-in-chief Biz Break: HP’s quarterly win isn’t a runaway one Could Google’s Waymo soon be worth way more than you thought? In other words, Apple’s App Store is a cash machine for those who build apps that then become popular with the public. Sure, Apple has hit a few speedbumps over the last year, with slowing or even declining iPhone sales. But apps are a different matter as most will run on iPhones that are a few generations old. You don’t necessarily have to lay out the money for a new iPhone to get the benefits of the apps that run on the device. Apple knows this, and even paying out 85 percent of App Store sales still gives Apple a lot of revenue to tout with its quarterly results. And it doesn’t hurt that with Apple getting ready to host its annual Worldwide Developers Conference in San Jose on June 5, the company would want to stoke developers’ enthusiasm for the gathering. Chief Executive Tim Cook is expected to unveil new updates to the operating systems for its Mac computers, Apple TV set-top boxes and especially the iPhone and iPad. And it’s on those devices where most of the App Store apps end up, and where developers can make their 85 percent of that revenue split with Apple. Seventy billion dollars is a pretty good start. Middle Innings: Who Works For Lyft?: Lyft, the San Francisco-based ride-sharing company that doesn’t seem to be beset by a constant stream of scandals, said Thursday that it can do better when it comes to diversifying its workforce. Lyft released the results of its first diversity survey, which showed, among other things, that while 42 percent of its employees are women, the number in the company’s leadership roles currently stands at 36 percent. Bottom of the Lineup: Youth in the Veins: No, this is not the stuff of young adult novel about vampires. Nor, is it some weirdo voodoo-inspired witch doctor treatment. A new Bay Area startup called Ambrosia is offering older folks the opportunity to get a transfusion of a younger person’s blood in order to combat the effects of aging. Oh, if you want to feel really old, you only have to be 35 to qualify for one of the transfusions from a donor who is 25 or younger. And all that blood can be yours for just $8,000. Where was this capability back when Keith Richards could have used it during the 70s? Quote of the Day: “This current departure from reality in Washington will be very short-lived, that I promise you.” — California Gov. Jerry Brown, speaking prior to President Donald Trump’s decision to pull the United States out of the Paris accord on climate change. Sign up for the 60-Second Business Break newsletter at www.siliconvalley.com. Tags:  60 Second Biz Break Apple Lyft Rex Crum Rex Crum is the senior web editor for the business section for The Mercury News and Bay Area News Group. He also writes about business and technology for the publications' print and web editions, and has covered business and technology for nearly two decades. A native of Seattle, he remains a diehard Seahawks and Mariners fan and is imparting his fandom to his Oakland-native wife and two young daughters. Follow Rex Crum @rexcrum Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Michael Tyree jury: San Jose jail guards guilty of murdering mentally ill inmate California Senate passes universal health care plan San Jose: Man shot and killed by police officer ID’d Warriors ride their two MVPs to Game 1 rout of the Cavaliers Three BART janitors swept up $365,000 in OT last year Milpitas: Tenants fear there’s nowhere to turn if evicted from Sunnyhills apartments Ask Amy: I’m stunned that my husband asked me to pay for this Menlo Park pastor arrested on suspicion of sex crimes More in Business Berkeley: State releases documents on cause of deadly balcony collapse June 01, 2017, 4:23 pm Despite construction mistakes, one crucial ingredient tipped the balance in the deadly 2015 tragedy Downtown San Jose buying binge hits $124 million June 01, 2017, 5:11 pm It’s a downtown San Jose shopping spree that now totals $124 million in realty purchases: Two groups of commercial real estate investors are engaged in a have spent nearly $125 million in a slew of property buys near Diridon train station. NBA Finals: Why the government is paying close attention to Warriors jerseys, gear June 01, 2017, 4:08 pm U.S. customs officials care about who made the Warriors and Cavaliers jerseys on sale. U.S. auto sales fall for fifth straight month in May June 01, 2017, 2:08 pm U.S. auto sales fell for the fifth straight month in May, bolstering expectations for the first annual sales decline since 2009 Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription All Access Subscriptions Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps Contact Us Corrections & Clarifications Reprints Archive Search Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Weekly Ads Fry’s Ad Public Notices © 2017 Digital First Media Site Map Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Bay Area News Group Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars TECH Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable MORE Entertainment Science Health Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars Tech   Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable More   Entertainment Science Health Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search iPhone 8 VS 7: the big size change Chris Burns - Jun 1, 2017 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Today a set of specifications has leaked giving the dimensions of the next big iPhone. This iPhone 8, as it’s being called, could also be referred to as iPhone OLED, iPhone Pro, or iPhone Edition – whatever you want, since no real confirmation of its existence has been made by Apple as of yet. What we’ve got today, thanks to these dimensions, is the ability to compare this generation’s iPhone to the next. While Apple has not yet confirmed the possibility that they’ll release three new iPhones in 2017, chances are they will. Tips have been made, rumors have circulated, and leaks have leaked. That said, keep a grain of salt handy for everything that comes before Apple’s inevitable 2017 iPhone event, including the following. According to the folks at iDrop News via Benjamin Geskin, Apple’s next major smartphone will have a size somewhere in-between the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus. Instead of matching the iPhone 7 Plus, as was once assumed, this new iPhone 8 is pictured here right in the middle of Apple’s current two iPhone models. If Apple’s history holds strong for the future in other size changes, this year will reveal the iPhone 7s and iPhone 7s Plus, too. If that’s also true, it won’t be out of the ordinary to find that both the iPhone 7s and iPhone 7s Plus essentially match sizes with those of their most recent predecessors. iPhone dimensions: • iPhone 7: 138.3 x 67.1 x 7.1 mm • iPhone 7 Plus: 158.2 x 77.9 x 7.3 mm • Potential iPhone 8: 143.59 x 70.94 x 7.57 mm As such, the image you’re seeing above might well also be a close depiction of the iPhone 7s, the iPhone OLED Pro Edition 8, and the iPhone 7s Plus. Of course the jury is still out on what the most powerful of these three devices will be called, but there’s a good chance it won’t have a name as long as what this paragraph presents. If Apple does release a smartphone with a display like this, it’ll go directly to war with what one of the creators of Android presented earlier this month. The Essential Phone, as it’s called, also has a display that covers nearly its entire front side. Have a peek at our recent iPhone 8 vs Essential Phone article to see these titans battle it out – with Samsung’s Galaxy Note 8 in for the long haul, too! Story Timeline iPhone 8 dummy hints at what could be The iPhone 8's Touch ID will be right in the OLED report claims Galaxy Note 8 specs tip the big war with iPhone 8 Latest iPhone 8 leaked schematics show no fingerprint sensor Tags AppleiOSiPhoneiPhone 7iPhone 7 Plusiphone 8mobilerumorssmartphone Must Read Bits & Bytes Trump pulls US from Paris Agreement: Elon Musk quits councils as tech firms react Pokemon GO Update with Promo Codes event [Try these!] HTC U11 Review: You won’t buy this, but you should Elon Musk will quit Trump’s councils if US leaves Paris Agreement Nest Cam IQ intros lossless zoom and facial recognition: Hands-on Latest Headlines LG Pay finally launches, in Korea only for now Jun 2, 2017 OneLogin attacker may have gotten ability to decrypt data Jun 1, 2017 Nintendo Switch Online service will be delayed Jun 1, 2017 Galaxy S8 Pirates of the Caribbean Edition is official (and hard to get) Jun 1, 2017 Canon EOS C200 and C200B cinema cameras arrive in August Jun 1, 2017 Latest Reviews HTC U11 Review: You won’t buy this, but you should Jun 1, 2017 Elgato Eve Degree Review: A simple temperature & humidity HomeKit sensor May 31, 2017 Lenovo Thinkpad 13 Review (2017): Cheap and mostly cheerful May 30, 2017 Cinder Grill Review: Sous-vide’s even geekier rival May 29, 2017 Pirates of the Caribbean 5 Review: A bad end to an OK series May 29, 2017 Search © 2005-2017 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: How Apple can put the ‘Pro’ in the iPad Pro [Video] Trending in Apple Poll: Will you buy the iPhone 8 with or without embedded Touch ID, or will you wait? Trending in Apple Opinion: Is Microsoft leading Apple in PC innovation, or is it all gimmickry? Trending in Apple Comment: Google and ASUS provide a glimpse of the AR features we might see in the iPhone 8 Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Yesterday AAPL: 153.18 0.42 Apple begins decorating McEnery Convention Center in San Jose ahead of WWDC Chance Miller - Jun. 1st 2017 12:28 pm PT @ChanceHMiller WWDC 2017 Apple View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Ahead of WWDC officially kicking off next week, Apple has started decorating the McEnery Convention Center in San Jose, California. The company has begun hanging banners on the outside of the building touting the developer conference, though we’ve not yet gotten a peak inside… Spigen TEKA RA200 Airpods Earhooks Cover The signage hung on the outside resembles the initial WWDC announcement, depicting an overhead shot if people in colorful outfits. Apple has also hung various smaller banners around the outside of the venue on lamp posts. Images shared on Twitter show the “calm before the storm” as Apple braces for an onslaught of 5,000 developers next week. Apple typically hangs banners inside the building showcasing specific operating system updates, such as iOS 11 and macOS 10.13. Those banners are usually covered with black cloth until after Apple’s initial keynote, though we will likely see pictures of their existence sooner rather than later. Stay tuned next week where we’ll have full coverage of Apple’s Worldwide Developer Conference. The company will kick things off with a keynote at 10AM PT on Monday, where it is expected to announce iOS 11, macOS 10.13, watchOS 4, tvOS 11, the long-rumored Siri Speaker, a new 10.5-inch iPad, and a refreshed MacBook lineup. Head below for all of our WWDC pre-event coverage. Let us know what you’re most excited to see down in the comments. Setup in progress for #WWDC17 pic.twitter.com/WFcydwmOkK — Code Cadets (@CodeCadets) June 1, 2017 会場前の駅も！ pic.twitter.com/ckzBfd8C5I — Kaoru (@TachibanaKaoru) June 1, 2017 Apple will live stream WWDC 2017 keynote on June 5 at 10AM PT Apple begins inviting press to WWDC 2017 keynote scheduled for June 5 10AM PT WWDC roundup: Apple readies MacBook upgrades across the board, new software WWDC roundup: Concepts imagine what iOS 11 could bring to iPhone & iPad [Videos] WWDC roundup: Apple prepares new 10.5-inch iPad Pro & possibly other iPad updates for next week Apple promoting developer community events in San Jose during WWDC week WWDC Wishlist: How Apple Watch could improve with watchOS 4 WWDC Wishlist: How iPhone and iPad could improve with iOS 11 WWDC Wishlist: How Mac could improve with macOS 10.13 WWDC Wishlist: How CarPlay could improve with iOS 11 WWDC Wishlist: How Apple TV could improve with tvOS 11 Check out 9to5Mac on YouTube for more Apple news! Chance Miller @ChanceHMiller Chance covers Apple for 9to5Mac and contributes to 9to5Google, Electrek, and 9to5Toys. He runs the weekly EduTech series. Tips, questions, typos to chance@9to5mac.com Favorite Gear Pioneer AppRadio 4 with CarPlay Dyson AM07 Tower Fan Levin 10-Port USB Charging Station Dock blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Hands on with some of the best cases for the Samsung Galaxy S8 Trending in Google Hands-on with 5 Android apps and games you should download in May 2017 [Video] Trending in Google Is the Android O Dev Preview 2 stable enough for your daily driver? Here’s​ our experience so far Trending in Google Hands on with the new features in Android O Dev Preview 2 [Video] Trending in Google Review: Huawei Watch 2 loses the charm of its predecessor [Video] Trending in Google How to install & run Google Assistant on your Mac or PC desktop [Video] Yesterday GOOG: 966.95 2.09 9to5Toys Lunch Break: BenQ 1080p Projector $380, Galaxy Tab S3 + Keyboard $569, Polaroid Snap Touch Camera $135, more Stephen Hall - Jun. 1st 2017 11:58 am PT @hallstephenj Android 9to5Toys 9to5Toys Lunch Break View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Keep up with the best gear and deals on the web by signing up for the 9to5Toys Newsletter. Also, be sure to check us out on: Twitter, RSS Feed, Facebook, Google+ and Safari push notifications. TODAY’S CAN’T MISS DEALS: Last Call Updates: Pad & Quill leather/wood iPhone 7 cases up to 20% off, starting from $40 SanDisk Extreme 500 240GB USB 3.0 Portable Solid-State Drive $90 Nintendo Pokémon GO Plus Bluetooth Bracelet: $29.50 shipped Need extra Panasonic GH5 batteries? Try the excellent Newmowa BLF19 [Video] Amazon Digital Films at $5 ea: Zombieland, Apocalypse Now, many more Anker Bolder Rechargeable LED Flashlight combo for $30 shipped Amazon’s #1 best-selling First Aid kit hits all-time low at $11.50 Review: VAUX Speaker brings improved sound, portability, and simplicity to the Echo Dot BenQ MH530 1080p Home Theater Projector: $380 shipped (Reg. $500) Tinboard electric skateboard sports premium features at an affordable price LEGO is now taking preorders for its Boost robotic kits arriving in August Pasonomi 3D VR Headset for iPhone and Android $9 (Reg. $30) Red Robin 35% off pick-up orders with coupon code Fender unveils new classic guitar amp-looking Bluetooth speakers Buy any sub at Jersey Mike’s and get one free Green Deals: Cree 40W A19 Dimmable LED Light Bulb $1.50, more BenQ MH530 1080p Home Theater Projector: $380 (Reg. $500) Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 32GB + Keyboard Cover: $569 ($726 Value) | B&H Polaroid Snap Touch Instant Print Digital Camera $135 in today’s Gold Box Hands-on: Logitech’s new MX Master 2S Mouse w/ Flow is remarkable Review: RDS Nintendo Switch case offers protection from bumps while on-the-go 9to5Rewards: Sphero’s Star Wars BB-8 smartphone-controlled droid [Giveaway] MORE NEW GEAR FROM TODAY: Today’s Amazon Gold Box has Mini RC Drones from $30 shipped AUKEY Mechanical Keyboards 30% off: starting at $25 shipped Rubbermaid Folding Laundry Hamper for just $12 Prime shipped Tokaido Strategy Board Game for iOS hits lowest price ever: $3 (Reg. $6) Today’s Best iOS & Mac Game/App Deals: Orderly, Tokaido and many more Today’s Best Game Deals: FIFA 17 $20 or less, 1 yr PlayStation Plus $48, more The Complete Calvin and Hobbes Paperback Box Set: $50 shipped Amazon’s Gold Box has up to 50% off luggage from just $12Vanture iPhone/Android Car Mount $8 (Reg. $13), more Apple’s AirPort Express Base Station adds AirPlay to your speakers for $69 Apple 13-inch MacBook Air gets a $239 price drop, now $760 shipped Apple’s 15-inch MacBook Pro 512GB gets a nearly $400 discount for Memorial Day Apple 9.7-inch iPad Pro Wi-Fi + LTE 32GB $579 shipped (Reg. $729) iTunes offers ten-film iconic movie bundles from each decade for $20/ea Apple’s Great Games for $1 Sale: BADLAND, Assassin’s Creed, many more Twelve South BookArc möd MacBook Stand drops to $40 (Reg. $60)  Twelve South’s HiRise Stand for Apple Watch now $20 Star Knight’s action-platforming drops to just $1 on the App Store (Reg. $3) Infinity Dungeon Evolution for iOS is now available for free (Reg. $1) Slayaway Camp and its Minecraft-like horror gets very first price drop: $2 Assassin’s Creed Identity for iOS drops to just $1 (Reg. $5) The Robot Factory for iOS goes free for very first time (Reg. $4) Daily Deals: Roku Express Player + Mohu Leaf 50 HDTV Antenna $60, more Klipsch RB-10 Bookshelf Speakers drop to $70 shipped (Reg. $90) Score a 1-month Free DirecTV Now trial w/ this promo code ($35+ value) Up to 40% off select Philips Norelco shavers and trimmers at Amazon today only Kindle First June eBook freebies from Amazon Sears gift card: $100 for $85 with free email delivery (15% off) Saucony Running Shoes today only at Amazon up to 50% Off: $60 shipped Ecurfu Emergency Weather Radio w/ Smartphone Charger, more for $14 Amazon takes up 29% off PORTER-CABLE tools: 20V Combo Kit $369, more Stanley FatMax Xtreme 55-120 FuBar III – $59 shipped (Reg $75+) West Bend Stir Crazy 6-Quart Electric Popcorn Popper for $15 NEW PRODUCTS & MORE: Tablo upgrades its Dual OTA DVR with on-board storage, smaller footprint New Pokémon game for iOS/Android with Nintendo integration coming soon LEGO reels in new 2,000 piece Old Fishing Store kit coming this fall EverSleep iOS-connected wearable diagnoses sleep issues without a hospital stay ASUS unveils 35-inch curved gaming monitor with 200Hz refresh rate Prynt Pocket lets you print photos from your iPhone like a Polaroid camera Pedego’s Airstream eBike is just as feature-packed as it is stylish How-to build your very own LEGO fidget spinner DEWALT overhauls Bluetooth Connect system w/ new tools, trackers, more Gogoro’s second gen electric scooter has a lower price, same power Pokemon’s Magikarp Jump splashes onto iOS and Android for worldwide release Makerball is a DIY Pinball Machine that is completely customizable IK Multimedia debuts new beast Mac synth w/ Moog, Prophet, Oberheim sampler-instruments 8Bitdo rolls out free Nintendo Switch support for all its retro-style controllers Two:35 is a computer building kit for kids that can actually get them certification DJI’s new $499 Spark drone offers gesture controls, compact design [Gallery] Sphero unveils iOS-controlled Lightning McQueen racer for $300 BIKI is an underwater 4K camera drone that can go wherever you swim Belkin intros new line of compact Pocket Power banks starting at $20 Ambi Climate returns with its second generation Alexa-enabled air conditioner controller Haikara smartwatch focuses on fashion with customizable watch faces and bands This Vintage Vinyl Bluetooth Speaker is actually made out of reclaimed records Beyond Zero’s liquor freezer puts your cocktail “in the rocks” MORE DEALS STILL LIVE: Mighty Mac App Bundle includes $130 worth of productivity software for FREE Yamaha MusicCast Wi-Fi Speaker w/ AirPlay + Bluetooth $200 (Reg. $250) Logitech’s M705 Wireless Mouse goes to $20, MX Master $60, more Canon PIXMA Inkjet All-In-One Printer w/AirPrint $56 shipped (Reg. $75) Mophie Battery Case for iPhone 6/s: $30 (Reg. $50) Everyone can use an Echo Dot: Just $50! Onkyo 7.2-Ch. 4K A/V Receiver + AirPlay: $320 Target offers a $7 Father’s Day Box TP-Link Deco Wi-Fi system: 3 Pack for $200 Amazon Household Items from $7 Karcher Electric Pressure Washer $119, more LeEco 32GB Unlocked Android Smartphone $150 GoPro HERO+ LCD Action Camera for $109 TP-Link AC1200 Wi-Fi Range Extender $35 Joby GorillaPod Tripod and Lowepro Bag for $40 Sensi’s Smart Wi-Fi Thermostat: $104 Applebee’s, Chili’s, and more gift cards up to 20% off VicTsing Wireless Mouse $6 (40% off) YUNEEC 4K Typhoon Quadcopter bundle $550 (Reg. $800) Harman Kardon HKTS 9 5.1-Ch. Home Theater System $155 (cert. refurb, Orig. $600) Improve your career and save on these Training Bundles: Photoshop, Office, more! No Stress Chess teaches you the basics for $13 CyberPower Heavy Duty 8-Outlet Power Strip w/ 6-foot Cord: $13.50 (all-time low) Smartphone Accessories: Aukey 3-pack of USB A to C Cables $9, more Amazon Father’s Day sale takes up to 20% off Makita, DEWALT tools and more DEWALT’s 5-inch Band Saw Kit drops to almost $100 off ChefSteps CS20001 Joule Sous Vide drops to $149  Rubbermaid Closet Organizer Kit hits Amazon all-time low: $73 APC SurgeArrest 120V 7-Outlet Surge Protector: $12.50 Green Deals: LIFX A19 Wi-Fi Smart LED Light Bulb $45, more ZTE Axon 7 Mini 32GB Unlocked Android Smartphone for $170 Stephen Hall @hallstephenj Stephen is Managing Editor at 9to5Google. Twitter DMs are open. Tips always welcome, never expected. Favorite Gear 15-inch MacBook Pro w/ Touch Bar Anker PowerCore 26800 Amazon Echo Dot Guides Android Breaking news for Android. Get the latest on apps, carriers, devices, and more! View THe Guide 9to5Toys View THe Guide 9to5Toys Lunch Break View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad The app economy: Apple reveals it has paid over $70 BILLION to developers In the past 12 months alone, downloads have grown over 70% Apps in the Gaming and Entertainment categories bring in the most revenue Photo and Video App Store category increasing at a rate close to 90% By Mark Prigg For Dailymail.com Published: 15:35 EDT, 1 June 2017 | Updated: 16:31 EDT, 1 June 2017 e-mail 7 shares 1 View comments The first version of the iPhone famously didn't have apps - but since they were introduced a year later, it seems Apple has been making up for lost time. The iPhone maker today announced that its global developer community has earned over $70 billion since the App Store launched in 2008, and in the past 12 months alone, downloads have grown over 70 percent. The news comes ahead of Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference next week, where the first is expected to introduce the next version of iOS alongside new iPads. Scroll down for video  Apple's global developer community has earned over $70 billion since the App Store launched in 2008, and in the past 12 months alone, downloads have grown over 70 percent. APP STORE FACTS  Gaming and Entertainment categories bring in the most revenue  Photo and Video App Store category increasing at a rate close to 90% Active paid subscriptions are up 58 percent year over year  Lifestyle, Health and Fitness as strong players rising more than 70%  'People everywhere love apps and our customers are downloading them in record numbers,' said Philip Schiller, Apple's senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. 'Seventy billion dollars earned by developers is simply mind-blowing.  'We are amazed at all of the great new apps our developers create and can't wait to see them again next week at our Worldwide Developers Conference.' Apple says that apps in the Gaming and Entertainment categories bring in the most revenue.  This is obviously driven by popular freemium games with In-App Purchases and content subscriptions like Netflix or Spotify for the media apps. The company says the Photo and Video App Store category has seen the most growth in the last year, increasing at a rate close to 90%.  The App Store’s active paid subscriptions are up 58 percent year over year, encompassing everything from Netflix and Hulu as well as newcomers like Tastemade, and photo editing apps like Over and Enlight.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Climate change could kill off coastal nesting birds: Study... Walmart to take on Amazon by asking staff to deliver online... Google is fighting phishing with AI: Gmail update adds... Do you know how clean water gets to your home? Study finds... Share this article Share It also calls out Lifestyle, Health and Fitness as strong players rising more than 70%.  App analytics firm Sensor Tower says data from its Store Intelligence product shows  developers are reaching the million-dollar status almost twice as often on Apple's App Store than on Google Play. 'Based on our analysis of in-app revenue -not inclusive of advertising revenue -nearly double the number of publishers made their first $1 million in annual revenue last year on the U.S. App Store compared to Google Play,' it said. However, apps weren't always in the iPhone plan. HOW DEVELOPERS CHANGED STEVE JOB'S MIND OVER APPS Apps weren't always in the iPhone plan. According to Walter Isaacson's biography of Steve Jobs, Apple board member Art Levinson said that he phoned Jobs 'half a dozen times to lobby for the potential of the apps.' According to Isaacson, 'Jobs at first quashed the discussion, partly because he felt his team did not have the bandwidth to figure out all the complexities that would be involved in policing third-party app developers.' Apple CEO Steve Jobs holds up the new iPhone that was introduced at Macworld on January 9, 2007 in San Francisco, California. It initially only allowed web apps. However, programmers launched a lobbying campaign to get the firm to change its mind, and Steve Jobs announced in an open letter on October 17, 2007 that the iPhone software development kit for third-parties would be released on March 6, 2008. The App Store went live alongside the iPhone 2.0 software update on July 11, 2008.    According to Walter Isaacson's biography of Steve Jobs, Apple board member Art Levinson said that he phoned Jobs 'half a dozen times to lobby for the potential of the apps.' According to Isaacson, 'Jobs at first quashed the discussion, partly because he felt his team did not have the bandwidth to figure out all the complexities that would be involved in policing third-party app developers.' However, programmers launched a lobbying campaign to get the firm to change its mind, and Steve Jobs announced in an open letter on October 17, 2007 that the iPhone software development kit for third-parties would be released on March 6, 2008. The App Store went live alongside the iPhone 2.0 software update on July 11, 2008.   Share or comment on this article e-mail 7 shares Most watched News videos Beefeater tells woman off for throwing glove at Royal Guard Three dead after two bounty hunters shoot up Nissan dealership Trump announces U.S. will officially withdraw from Paris accord Catching a Killer: Documentary shows search for mother's killer Reports indicate Trump pulling US out of Paris climate deal Road rage pair kung-fu fight in middle of traffic jam in Malaga Dani Mathers apologizes for body shaming naked 70-year-old woman Jeremy Corbyn refuses to say if immigration would fall with him as PM Dramatic footage of rare mini TSUNAMI hitting Dutch beach resort Election 2017: The highlights from the BBC leaders' debate Timeline: Events that led to Tiger Woods' arrest suspicion of DUI Zookeeper mauled by a tiger talks about protecting the species 'I represent the people of Pittsburgh NOT Paris': Trump... At least 37 killed in Manila casino horror as they... 'You can take it to the bank he's going to withdraw':... Running tracks, 'pause areas' and a rooftop 'meadow':... 'He is a soldier and deserves to be treated with... We let our mother down... we couldn't protect her, say... Manchester bomber’s youngest victim Saffie Roussos'... Plumes of smoke are seen towering above the Vatican after... David Beckham, Gary Lineker and Ant and Dec lose their... 'F*** you England!’: Mother, 22, 'gets death threats'... Man who tied a noose around his wife's neck and dragged... Mother, 22, was left with two black eyes and a swollen... Graphic video captures the moment two bounty hunters and... Trump’s armada finally arrives! Two giant US aircraft... Feminist group strips naked and forms a pile of bodies... Megyn Kelly makes NBC debut: New host appears on 'Today'... Jared WAS in the White House when Trump announced the... Model hired as a human sushi platter slaps male customer... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 1 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment Post comment to your Facebook Timeline What's This? By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read What's inside the 'pit of Mars'? Satellites spot strange 'Swiss cheese' area of the red planet next to a... Ripples in space time caused by the collision of two black holes are detected for a THIRD time: Discovery... Antarctic ice shelf crack is 'very close' to calving off and creating one of the biggest icebergs ever... Is the universe too hot for aliens to make contact? Scientists claim they are hibernating and waiting for it... Cyborg dragonfly spy takes to the sky: Researcher show off modified 'surveillance insect' The all-seeing self driving car: Intel CEO says technology will double as a network of security cameras The mystery of the 'teen witch' with bone cancer buried face down in a Panama trash heap in 1300 AD Hundreds of giant 12,000 year-old craters caused by methane blow-outs found on the Arctic sea floor (and... Facebook to take on Snapchat with new 'Talk' messaging app aimed at teens Disney CEO Robert Iger joins Elon Musk in resigning from the President's Council over his withdrawal from... 'I represent the people of Pittsburgh NOT Paris': Trump pulls U.S. out of climate accord saying it is a... Weather forecasts are getting better (but still get it wrong 20% of the time) The app economy: Apple reveals it has paid over $70 BILLION to developers  The biggest plane EVER built: Microsoft billionaire unveils huge 'Stratolaunch' aircraft with two cockpits... Earth is on the brink of a sixth mass extinction putting animals at 'unprecedented' extinction risk in the... MORE HEADLINES Is Kodi crumbling? Three more add-ons shut down on the streaming software after legal threats from anti-piracy groups Disney CEO Robert Iger joins Elon Musk in resigning from the President's Council over his withdrawal from the Paris Accord  World's most powerful X-ray laser creates a 'mini black hole' in the lab in a breakthrough that could lead to the development of new drugs Antarctic ice shelf crack is 'very close' to calving off and creating one of the biggest icebergs ever recorded What's inside the 'pit of Mars'? Satellites spot strange 'Swiss cheese' area of the red planet next to a giant hole Is the universe too hot for aliens to make contact? Scientists claim they are hibernating and waiting for it to cool down before they get in touch  Walmart to take on Amazon by asking staff to deliver online orders on their way home from work Have you been hacked? Password manager OneLogin is hit by a major breach and warns data has been compromised The mystery of the 'teen witch' with bone cancer buried face down in a Panama trash heap in 1300 AD Century-old Japanese martial arts book reveals the moves women can use to fight off male attackers Ripples in space time caused by the collision of two black holes are detected for a THIRD time: Discovery opens a new window on our universe The mystery of the blinking spots on the moon: NASA says FROST may cause strange reflections Hyperloop inches closer to reality: Full-scale test centre for Elon Musk's 760mph futuristic tubes opens in the Netherlands Reading with your child 'turbocharges' their brain: Storytime boosts their memory and problem-solving skills Words With Friends app adds President Trump's 'covfefe' to its dictionary MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today 'She started three families with three different people and f***** everyone over!' Kim Kardashian slams Caitlyn Jenner's book for 'scapegoating' Kris Renee Zellweger wows in LBD as she's honored at Greenwich International Film Festival gala Oscar-winning actress was a showstopper Well she is Beyonce's mom! Tina Knowles, 63, shows off her fit figure in skintight Ivy Park workout gear Tight clothing showed off her flawless curves Diva moment! Bethenny Frankel gestures wildly in frustration on set of her new reality show in NYC She's known for her emotional outbursts She's at it again! Edgy Kelly Osbourne debuts shimmery Mohawk braid hairstyle at Daytime Divas premiere Controversial figure when it comes to style So in love! Zoe Saldana looks chic as she cuddles up to husband Marco Perego at benefit for the Navy SEAL Foundation Adorable couple Nailed it! Karrueche Tran and Christina Milian look smoking hot for the Hollywood premiere of Claws The Claws were out in Hollywood on Thursday Leggy look! Keri Russell dons sexy black leather mini skirt as she joins Matthew Rhys at Americans LA event Keri went bare-legged in high-heeled pumps Kathy Griffin claims she has been bullied by the Trump family as she prepares to hold a press conference to explain why she did THAT photo shoot Khloe Kardashian puts her derriere on full display in skintight blue denim as she runs errands in Beverly Hills Added a burgundy tank top and gold flip flops Scarlet fever! Gigi Hadid rocks red dipped hair in powerful new Versace ad campaign New campaign features a host of other stars, including Taylor Hill, 21 Pierce Brosnan and wife of 16 years Keely Shaye Smith look tanned and relaxed as they jet out of LAX after romantic holiday in Hawaii Not impressed? Hailey Baldwin looks underwhelmed as she leaves posh Beverly Hills hotel in biker jacket Looked chic in a pair of dark blue jeans Kesha shows her country side in a denim shirt and red bandana as she jets out of LAX with boyfriend Brad Couple of more than three years Ashley Graham exposes cleavage and a flash of her waist while grabbing lunch in olive green off-the-shoulder ensemble in Los Angeles 'Love has no barriers': Celine Dion leads celebrities including Britney Spears and Selena Gomez in penning Pride letters 30 Days Of Pride She's got some front! Mariah Carey flashes cleavage as she dons thigh-skimming bodycon dress and black crop top for meeting in Beverly Hills 'Never even heard of her': Rob Kardashian denies dating reality star Mehgan James following Blac Chyna split Rumors are not true 'Follow Gregg cuz he doesn't post': Bella Thorne urges fans to check out her rekindled boyfriend Sulkin on Snapchat She was grilling him Keeping it casual: Ariel Winter, 19, dons baggy gray sweatpants and dark t-shirt for stroll with beau Levi Meaden, 29 Spotted out together Hold my hand mommy! Kourtney Kardashian steps out with Penelope for a day of shopping in Beverly Hills  The mother-of-three was spotted at the valet stand Mellow yellow! Anne Hathaway looks slim in a vibrant top while out in New York City Looked summery in a pair of ankle-length white jeans Making sweet music together: Gwen Stefani and Blake Shelton head to a recording studio together in LA Looks like they are working on new music Star walks! Slim Natalie Portman looks full of spring cheer as she goes for a stroll with baby daughter in LA Blissful stroll with her daughter Melissa McCarthy dons chic checkered shawl as she enjoys Disneyland with her husband and daughters Spending time at the happiest place on Earth Peek-a-boo! Vanessa Hudgens appears shy as she dons demure athletic attire on outing with boyfriend Austin Butler Fitness fanatic 'It's actually pretty scary': Danay Garcia discusses fate of her character Luciana on Fear The Walking Dead She doesn't know if she'll be killed off No one's looking at your mouth! Kylie Jenner poses in black bra and undies while sprawled out on a white bed to promote new Lip Kit She stripped off NSFW: Playboy vet Kendra Wilkinson lets a Las Vegas dancer climb on her during male revue show... even though she's married with kids Back in her skinny jeans! Make-up free Irina Shayk shows off her slim figure as she steps out with baby Lea after jetting back from Cannes Hilary Swank cozies up to boyfriend Philip Schneider as she joins Robert Downey Jr and wife Susan at Emmy Rossum and Sam Esmail's wedding Footsore? Brooke Shields ditches heels for flip flops as she shops till she drops in NYC The actress, who turned 52 on Wednesday, was laden down with bags Such a tease! Shanina Shaik stuns in a skimpy leopard bikini at the beach as she cheekily reminds Australian fans 'my summer begins next week' From Paris with love! Sofia Richie and bestie Chloe Bartoli lunch in New York after their saucy trip to Cannes with Scott Disick Grabbing a bite to eat Tat's the spirit! Malin Ackerman reveals her hip back tattoo while lunching in flirty halter top Between her toned shoulder blades Heidi Klum, 43, hits the beach with shirtless beau Vito Schnabel, 30, in Mykonos... after revealing she has 'no problem with nudity' She recently posed nude Priyanka Chopra looks chic in lace ensemble at Baywatch interview... after 'hitting back' over being accused of 'disrespecting' Indian PM by wearing dress Trump's ex-wife Marla Maples is spotted cozying up to a mystery man on day out playing softball in Central Park after spiritual getaway with daughter Tiffany Top of the crops! Iggy Azalea flashes her midriff as she signs autographs and poses with fans at LAX airport  Broke into a wide smile when greeted by fans Joining the rebellion! Wilson greeted at court by placard-waving supporters as defamation suit against Woman's Day continues  Warm welcome Who's your papa? Fabio to star as the Pope in Sharknado 5 as list of celebrity cameos are revealed Romance novel model will play the pontiff Showing it off at the beach! Joanna Krupa's nipple peeks through her shredded white top as she splashes around in Malibu Showing off her body Vlad to see you: Megyn Kelly dons off-the-shoulder velvet dress with a slit and massive platform shoes to chat with a transfixed President Putin  'What would you do?' Khloe Kardashian cryptically asks followers for advice about an unnamed 'friend' who is 'stealing' from the reality starlet Calling on Saul? Tough guy fixer Mike seems ready to work for Gus in new Better Call Saul trailer... as sleazy lawyer's money woes worsen Smooth landing! Fresh-faced Margot Robbie is spotted arriving at LAX airport after jetting in from London Flawless Taking a chance on her! Amanda Seyfried set to reprise role in Mamma Mia! sequel due out in 2018 Almost a decade since original film hit theaters What happened to her nose? Khloe Kardashian shows off much bigger snout as she poses without the contouring makeup she relies on Also didn't use filters Jared and Ivanka head to shul before SKIPPING Rose Garden ceremony as President Trump withdraws from Paris Accord despite his daughter's protests PICTURED: Blushing bride Emmy Rossum stuns in custom Carolina Herrera gown as she marries Sam Esmail in New York Beamed a huge smile  Caitlyn Jenner keeps it comfortable in blue long-sleeved top and jeans while grabbing coffee in Malibu Went on her regular Starbucks coffee run Penelope gives us the plain truth: Actress says she not that glamorous as she talks about Murder On The Orient Express  New movie Kathy Griffin loses MORE gigs after the Trump 'severed head' picture: Five venues have canceled shows in the wake of the shocking photo shoot Doesn't he know how to drive? Kim Kardashian's best friend Jonathan Cheban is again chauffeured to his favorite Hollywood hot spot Sun's out, guns out! Wonder Woman star Chris Pine flaunts his buff biceps in Miami Vice tank top as he grabs an iced coffee in NYC Ivanka Trump's daughter Arabella wears a dress by John Galliano on Jewish holiday - and the frock even features the anti-Semitic designer's signature Blooming beautiful! Transgender model Andreja Pejic dons floral blouse for summer stroll around New York Looked every bit the New Yorker Julia Roberts' upcoming TV series Today Will Be Different picked up by HBO It will be the first ever TV show for Roberts, who is also executive producer Tatt's nice! Male supermodel Jordan Barrett gets inked in Barcelona after hanging out with Lara Stone and Bella Hadid in Cannes European vacation Split! Workaholics actor Blake Anderson and wife Rachael Finley are set to divorce after five years of marriage and one child named Mars Her own best ad! Reese Witherspoon steps out toting a $165 straw purse from her line Draper James Wore tortoiseshell cat-eye sunglasses Checkmate! Rachel Weisz shows off her fashion prowess as she steps out in summery gingham shirt dress in New York Leaving the Today show Marilyn Monroe's Los Angeles home, where the Some Like It Hot actress overdosed in 1962, sells over the $6.9m asking price for $7.25m 'I am CRYING': Hamilton creator Lin-Manuel Miranda pays tribute to wife Vanessa with a 'V' tattoo on his ring finger - and spark social media meltdown We let our mother down... we couldn't protect her, say William and Harry: Princes make emotional admission in interview about Diana's death EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Game, set, match! Tennis ace Caroline Wozniacki enjoys a romantic day off from the French Open with NBA beau David Lee  She's her own best advertisement! Kendall Jenner puts on leggy display in off-the-shoulder romper over bodysuit from her clothing range  Brad Pitt is spotted treating the late Soundgarden singer Chris Cornell's children to hot chocolate at Universal Studios Hollywood EXCLUSIVE: Walmart insurer demands Tracy Morgan turn over medical records and income statements and testify over '$90 million' car crash settlement  Drug, girls and shepherd's pie! As the Rolling Stones, combined age of 292, go on tour AGAIN, we reveal the untold stories from 55 years on the road Sports writer who called Rihanna 'fat' and said her size was 'tough to stomach' is SUSPENDED from his job and reacts by slamming boss with vulgar tweet A clear winner! As Rihanna dons transparent shoes, FEMAIL rounds up the see-through pumps that will replace last year's flesh-tone sandals Debbie Reynolds and Carrie Fisher's Beverly Hills home being sold for $18M as personal belongings including movie memorabilia and  furniture goes to auction Major multi-tasking! Zoe Saldana pulls a Gisele Bundchen by sharing photo where she's getting glammed while holding baby and cell phone What will Gregg say! Bella Thorne goes TOPLESS on Snapchat before deleting raunchy video... after reuniting with ex Sulkin following Scott Disick 'humiliation' Step into summer! FEMAIL rounds up 24 chic espadrilles for YOU to shop to follow in the footsteps of Jennifer Aniston and Alessandra Ambrosio EXCLUSIVE: Tiger Woods' ex-wife Elin Nordegren pulled over by Florida police for speeding - only 11 miles from where golfer was arrested for DUI 'Normal is boring': Christina El Moussa's daughter Taylor wears statement shirt... after months of family drama between mom and dad Caught up in a divorce Beverly Hills, 90210 co-stars Tori Spelling and Ian Ziering reunite for the launch of his wife's mommy blog Looked very happy to see each other Twelve-year-old girl blows away the America's Got Talent judges with her incredible ventriloquism act that saw her singing with her mouth CLOSED PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Taylor Swift and Joe Alwyn are seen together for first time as pop superstar boards private jet with her little known actor beau  Baby on the way? Cristiano Ronaldo steps out with girlfriend Georgina Rodriguez in Corsica... after soccer stud's mom dismisses pregnancy rumors Nordic clans unite! Monarchs join the President of Finland for a gala dinner to celebrate 100 years of the country's independence Top of the world! Julianne Moore, 56, is youthful in red-and-white dress at Empire State Building in NYC as she speaks out about gun safety Twice as nice! Cat Deeley stuns in a ladylike white frock for interview in New York City... before emerging in gray slip and suede jacket Selena Gomez is 'head-over-heels in love' with beau The Weeknd and this relationship is 'very different' from the one she had with Justin Bieber 'I was moved by what a decent person Brad Pitt was': Meg Tilly, 57, talks 'generous' War Machine co-star as she returns to acting after 18 YEAR break 'A baguette dripping in cheese, some fries, a glass of wine': Health guru Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her daily diet and insists she never exercises on vacation It took 21 YEARS to bring Wonder Woman to the big screen - and at least 10 women including Beyoncé, a wrestler and a Bond girl were linked to the part 'It's a comedian's job to cross the line': Jim Carrey comes to Kathy Griffin's defense after bloody Trump head photo causes outrage Mask star speaks out  'Brand-new experience': will.i.am reveals Fergie is leaving The Black Eyed Peas and that Nicole Scherzinger is on band's forthcoming venture 'I would have been a lousy father!' Steve Martin, 71, reveals why it is important he became a dad later in life Hollywood star had his first child four years ago Heidi Montag says Lauren Conrad has NOT reached out to her even though they are both pregnant at same time... but Audrina and Kristin have Megyn Kelly makes Today debut reporting from Russia and confirms she will be interviewing Putin - but does not acknowledge co-host Hoda Kotb Did Pippa have a wedding smile-over? Dentists believe she had 'gold standard aligning, bleaching and bonding' ahead of her big day (just like big sister Kate) No heartache here! The Bachelor's Lauren Bushnell beams at LA airport after revealing she has NOT returned diamond engagement ring to Ben Higgins Rod Stewart's wife Penny Lancaster, 46, shows off her model figure as she walks hand in hand with the rocker, 72, and son Aiden in St Tropez Salma Hayek stuns in a simple black dress with sheer detailing as she cozies up to husband François-Henri Pinault at Beatriz At Dinner screening in London Bristol Palin proudly shares a photo of newborn baby girl Atlee Bay showing off her 'first real smile' while being held by doting grandfather Todd Thrill ride! Moustachioed Johnny Depp appears alongside Daisy Ridley in suspense packed trailer for Murder On The Orient Express Johnny Depp 'had no idea his managers used his assets to take out $40m in loans to cover up mishandling money' Explosive allegations about star's finances Prince Harry's former flame Chelsy Davy says launching a jewelry line brought out her 'inner geek' as she models her own designs in a stunning photoshoot  'Kiss for Daddy': David Beckham enjoys quality time with children Harper and Brooklyn on African holiday His wife Victoria sadly missed out on the fun Making a splash! Kelly Ripa dons paper crown and patterned midi as she and Ryan Seacrest spray hoses in Live gag Spotted outside ABC studio in NYC Chris Cornell's widow says they are waiting for toxicology results to clear up questions about his suicide and believes prescription drugs made him want to self-harm  'First time and the last time we were together': Chris Cornell's brother Peter breaks his silence on the rocker's death by posting touching tribute Went on Facebook  'I am not going to be body shamed for being pale or not stick thin!': Ireland Baldwin fires back at haters after sharing lingerie photos Upset by comments  Kylie Jenner superfan, 19, gets his EIGHTH tattoo inspired by the star, and reveals his Kylie-covered bedroom in a documentary about his obsession On the mend? Gwyneth Paltrow tries to get back in her stride despite her injured foot still requiring a medical boot  Did her best not to limp as she did errands  'I asked her some dumb questions': Elisabeth Moss reveals she exhausted author of The Handmaid's Tale for information about her role on shocking drama Who needs down time? Athletic newlyweds Pippa and James squeeze in a jog around Sydney Opera House on their action-packed honeymoon  Come and get it while it's hot! Ali Larter shines as she feasts on fancy fried chicken at Beverly Hills restaurant The 41-year-old could not hide her happiness  Obamas buy 8,200-square-foot mansion they were renting in exclusive Kalorama neighborhood of Washington, DC, for $8.1million Fab in florals! Isla Fisher is radiant in springtime ensemble as she joins Denis Leary and John Hodgman on a panel at BookExpo 2017 in New York Sorry for flooding your feed! Justin Bieber posts 24 photos on Instagram within an hour... including THAT photo of him fighting man twice his size Ahoy, matey! Supermodel Karlie Kloss shoots a cover girl look while walking in NYC with snazzy sailor-inspired slacks Flashing her smile  'I can't censor myself': Photographer Tyler Shields stands by severed head picture despite Kathy Griffin losing CNN job and says he would do it again Pretty in prints! Vanessa Hudgens is a happy shopper in cute maxi dress alongside boyfriend of six years Austin Butler Spotted at Whole Foods  'Dungeon and torture chamber': Bethenny Frankel bursts into tears twice on RHONY under stress from ex Lost it twice during Wednesday's episode Nicole Kidman, 49, says she's 'thrilled' to be playing the MOTHER of Jason Momoa, 37, in Aquaman even though she's only 12 years older than him Annabelle Wallis is the picture of class in billowing floral maxi dress as she promotes The Mummy with co-star Sofia Boutella at the AOL Build Series Fun in the sun! FEMAIL reveals how to accessorize your swimsuit like Kourtney Kardashian, Kendall Jenner and Alessandra Ambrosio Heavenly! Victoria's Secret model Romee Strijd gives a peek at toned stomach in tie-up shirt over crop top on New York stroll with beau All of me! Naked Chrissy Teigen guards her modesty as she shows off her fresh spray tan on Snapchat She stripped off on social media Sweet charity! Jerry and Jessica Seinfeld take the kids to a philanthropic party in New York's Central Park Stepped out for a good cause on Wednesday Marcus Welby, MD nurse Elena Verdugo dies at age 92 after a long Hollywood career that included starring in House Of Frankenstein Starred in show 7 years Children who survived the Manchester terror attack will sing alongside Ariana Grande at star-studded benefit concert on Sunday Salma Hayek shows off her toned arms in a dark midi dress with unusual cut-out shoulder panels at the Sundance Film Festival: London From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Is this the ultimate party speaker? MailOnline puts Sony's XB40 to the test Sony SRS-XB40 has a built-in multi-coloured line light, speaker lights and a flashing strobe. It features 24 hours of battery life and claims to be a 'mini-disco on the move'. But does it live up to the claim? Samsung's Galaxy S8: A hefty price tag and a dumb personal assistant Samsung's new Galaxy S8 phone is stunning, but its $100 price hike is hard to swallow. Overall the S8 is for those who want elegance - and are willing to pay for it. Affordable, robust and surprisingly responsive: Samsung's Galaxy A5 With the eagerly awaited Galaxy S8 having been pushed back, South Korea-based Samsung has plugged the gap with the Samsung Galaxy A5, a high-end device with a mid-range price tag. Is it really worth paying £280 for Nintendo's Switch? MailOnline's verdict While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story The biggest plane EVER built: Microsoft billionaire unveils huge 'Stratolaunch' aircraft with two cockpits and a wingspan longer than a FOOTBALL FIELD that is designed to launch satellites into orbit 567 comments 1 video Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH Science Technology  • Computer Industry •  Internet Automotive One News Page > Computer Industry > iOS 10 Beta 5 Tidbits: New Lock Screen Sound, Swift Playground Content, and More iOS 10 Beta 5 Tidbits: New Lock Screen Sound, Swift Playground Content, and More Tuesday, 9 August 2016 Apple today released new versions of iOS 10 to both developers and public beta testers, and as with any major beta update, there are several small changes and tweaks that have been implemented as Apple works to refine the operating system ahead of its release this fall. Today's update, available as an over-the-air download for those who installed the first four betas or the beta configuration profile, features a new Lock screen sound, tweaks to the Control Center and widgets screen, and more. We've rounded up some of the biggest changes in beta five in the video below, so make sure to check it out to get a quick look at what's changed. We're also listing all of the changes in the post below. Subscribe to the MacRumors YouTube channel for more videos. *Smart Battery Case* - The iPhone 6 and 6s should now work properly with Apple's Smart Battery Case. According to the iOS 10 release notes, the case will no longer cause devices to panic. *Photos* - Apple plans to reprocess facial recognition data in beta 5, so all named, favorited, and merged face data will be reset. *Lock sound* - There's a new sound when locking the iPhone. It sounds like a door closing. *New Output icon* - The output icon seen in the Control Center, the Music app, and other locations in iOS has been slightly tweaked. It is no longer represented by headphones and instead resembles a triangle with sound waves. *Settings* - The "Home" section in the Settings app has been removed on the iPhone, as it served no purpose, but it remains available on the iPad. *Widgets* - The new widgets panel, accessible by swiping to the right, now displays the date on all devices. *Swift Playgrounds* - New content has been added to Swift Playgrounds in iOS 10 beta 5, including Learn to Code Part 2.Related Roundup: iOS 10 Discuss this article in our forums » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   You Might Like Recent related news Apple to launch Siri-controlled smart speaker to rival Amazon Echo and Google HomeApple Inc. (NASDAQ:APPL) has reportedly started production of a Siri-controlled smart speaker to rival Amazoncom Inc.'s (NASDAQ:AMZN) Echo and Alphabet Inc's... Proactive Investors 6 hours ago - Business OnePlus releases OxygenOS Open Beta 17/8 -- here's what's newOn top of the official software releases, OnePlus 3T and OnePlus 3 users also have access to beta versions of OxygenOS. The builds, which are labeled "Open... betanews 6 hours ago - Technology Pictures of Early LG V30 Design Show Slide-Out Secondary DisplayLG is expected to announce the successor to last year’s V20 sometime this year, but not much information about the upcoming smartphone is known. Recently,... Softpedia 5 days ago - Technology New ownCloud Android and iOS Client Releases Add Video Streaming, Transfer RetryownCloud announced the availability of new updated versions of their ownCloud clients for Android and iOS mobile operating systems, adding a bunch of... Softpedia 2 days ago - Technology Apple Releases Beta 2 of iOS 10.3.3, macOS 10.12.6, watchOS 3.2.3 & tvOS 10.2.2Apple released a few moments ago the second Beta builds of the upcoming point releases of the company's iOS 10.3, macOS Sierra 10.12, watchOS 3.2, and tvOS 10.2... Softpedia 2 days ago - TechnologyAlso reported by •MacRumours.com OxygenOS Open Beta for OnePlus 3T, OnePlus 3 rolled out; brings Ambient display 2.0, UI enhancements and moreOnePlus has started rolling out the OxygenOS Open Beta for the OnePlus 3 and OnePlus 3T smartphones starting today. The update brings with it a range of new... BGR India 7 hours ago - Technology Microsoft to Launch Windows 10 - Android File Synchronization FeatureMicrosoft has already announced some features for Windows 10 users with Android devices, in an attempt to get its operating system play nice with rival... Softpedia 2 days ago - Technology Android O Beta: A quick look at the refreshed interface, picture-in-picture feature, notification dots and moreAt the I/O 2017 developer conference earlier this month, Google announced the rollout of Android O Public Beta. It’s a pre-release version meant for developers... BGR India 4 days ago - Technology Other recent news in Computer Industry Apple's SWIFT PLAYGROUNDS 1.5 will teach kids how to write code for Lego, drones & robots With WWDC set to kick off, Apple announces APP STORE developers have earned $70B since 2008 Plex adds LIVE TV support for Plex Pass subscribers on Apple's iPhone & iPad PAUL ALLEN's Massive Stratolaunch Aircraft Emerges From Hangar AUO showcasing high-efficiency PV modules at Intersolar EUROPE 2017 Rumor: Apple Planning SIRI SPEAKER Asustek, HP and Lenovo develop mobile PCs powered by QUALCOMM SNAPDRAGON 835 chips Twitter Facebook Page People Bob Seger Donald Trump Vladimir Putin Ariana Grande LeBron James Current Topics Chris Cornell Megyn Kelly Angela Merkel Resorts World Manila Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories What Is 'COVFEFE', And What Does It Have To Do With Trump? Kathy Griffin's Trump Photo Causes A Stir - And Severs Her Ties With CNN Corbyn Bites Back - Was His Debate Decision The Killer Move Labour Need? MOVIE REVIEW: Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales Charity Concert For Manchester Bombing Victims To Take Place This Sunday - And There's Big Stars Involved MOVIE REVIEW: Baywatch Nintendo Shares Hit Their Highest Since 2010 - Is The Switch To Thank? Why Is This Latest McDonald's Commercial Causing Controversy? Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
CBS News Logo News Latest US World Politics Entertainment Health MoneyWatch SciTech Crime Sports Shows Video More In Depth Photos Mobile Radio Local Shop Log In CBSN By Blair Guild CBS News June 1, 2017, 3:06 PM Apple CEO urges White House not to back out of Paris Agreement U.S. President-elect Donald Trump speaks as (2nd L to R) PayPal co-founder and Facebook board member Peter Thiel, Apple Inc CEO Tim Cook and Oracle CEO Safra Catz look on during a meeting with technology leaders at Trump Tower in New York U.S., December 14, 2016.  REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Last Updated Jun 1, 2017 3:19 PM EDT Prior to President Trump's expected announcement regarding whether the United States will remain a part of the Paris Agreement on climate change, Apple CEO Tim Cook called the White House encouraging the president not to withdraw. The call took place on Tuesday, according to a source familiar with the matter, Bloomberg first reported. The Paris climate deal was signed under former president Barack Obama. Every nation in the world is party to the agreement, with the exception of Nicaragua and Syria, which makes a global commitment to reduction of greenhouse gas emission to slow the effects of climate change. Nicaragua did not sign because the nation hopes for greater punishments than those outlined in the agreement for countries who don't comply. Mr. Trump is expected to withdraw the United States from the agreement per his campaign promises and sources who are familiar with the matter, but will likely make a formal announcement regarding the position Thursday afternoon. Play Video CBSN What would be the impact of U.S. pulling out of the Paris climate agreement? President Trump will be announcing his decision on the Paris climate agreement today. The executive director of the Sierra Club, Michael Brune, j... Apple, which has been forthright in its mission to be a "green" tech company, has a vested interest in the United States remaining signatories to the Paris climate deal. Ninety-six percent of the electricity that powers Apple's facilities globally comes from renewable sources, according to the section of their website dedicated to addressing climate change. If Mr. Trump were to back out of the agreement, the energy goals of the United States would clearly conflict with Cook's own vision for a more environmentally-friendly tech world. Cook is not the first CEO to advise the White House against withdrawing from the agreement. Tesla's Elon Musk, who serves on a White House economic advisory board and the Manufacturing Jobs Initiative, promises to leave these groups if Mr. Trump ultimately decides to remove the Unites States from the Paris deal. Several other global leaders, including German Chancellor Angela Merkel and the Pope, have also warned Mr. Trump about the dangers of leaving the Paris climate agreement. Don't know which way Paris will go, but I've done all I can to advise directly to POTUS, through others in WH & via councils, that we remain— Elon Musk (@elonmusk) May 31, 2017 "The whole discussion about climate has been difficult, or rather very unsatisfactory," Merkel said at the G7 meeting in Sicily last week. "Here we have the situation that six members, or even seven if you want to add the EU, stand against one." © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved. Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Featured in Politics Deported man's wife and friends rethink voting for Trump Anderson Cooper reports on the effect Trump’s new immigration policy has had on a community in Indiana after a longtime resident is deported 25 things you still don't know about Barack Obama Just how many almonds does he really eat, anyway? Popular CBSN Live pop-out From 60 Minutes Where does all the money come from, General Noriega? How inflatables might be the future of space travel A Survivor's March In the Path of Fire After Bataan Death March, a soldier's homecoming Play Video Kerry on Trump's decision Play Video Student debt tips Play Video Paris climate accord Play Video Putin on election hacking Play Video Hate crime string Play Video Robocalls to voicemail Previous Next 20 Photos 2017 summer movie preview 29 Photos Memorial Day 2017: America honors the fallen 66 Photos JFK at 100 68 Photos Notable deaths in 2017 28 Photos Stunning views of Jupiter Previous Next Most Discussed Report: Jared Kushner proposed secret communications with Russia On first day back, Trump lashes out at "fake news media" McCain weighs in on Kushner's reported request for Russia back channel Trump pulls out of climate deal Ex-Trump adviser dodges questions on Russian meddling but maintains innocence New Fire TV App CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Search Copyright © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 248% 70% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 113% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 64% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/1/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 248% 70% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 113% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 64% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/1/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Bullish, Bearish, and On the Fence for These Major Trends The Market Foolery crew talks market-moving transformations and apparently world-altering ideas that have significant implications for investors. Mac Greer (TMFMac) Jun 1, 2017 at 2:20PM On this episode of Market Foolery, Mac Greer trots out the theme of "Yes, No, Maybe So" for Motley Fool analysts David Kretzmann and Matt Argersinger, as they each share trends that they feel bullish on, bearish on, and one that has them sitting on the fence. A full transcript follows the video. This video was recorded on May 24, 2017. Mac Greer: It's Wednesday, May 24th. Welcome to Market Foolery! I'm Mac Greer, and I'm joined here in studio by David Kretzmann from Motley Fool Supernova and Rule Breakers, and Matt Argersinger from Million Dollar Portfolio. Gentlemen, welcome! How are you feeling? Are you feeling it? David Kretzmann: Ready to go. Matt Argersinger: I'm always feeling it. Greer: Good. We're going to try something a little different this week. We're going to do our "Yes, No, Maybe So". The way this works, and this time we're going to talk themes and big trends that are going on. We're going to begin with the yes. That's something or someone or something happening that you're feeling bullish about. Then we're going to go to the no's, you don't like that so much. Then we'll end up with the maybes, something happening out there that you're not quite sure about. Let's begin with, what are you saying yes to, Matt Argersinger? Matt Argersinger: Mac, I'm saying yes to U.S. airlines. Never thought I would be on podcast or anywhere talking about my love for U.S. airlines. But, I was at the Sohn Conference a few weeks back, you and I talked about it a few weeks ago, the trend is so favorable right now for U.S. airlines. There's consolidation in the industry, the fact that the top four airlines now control 80% of the revenue, pricing power is back, there has been a massive swing toward profitability. And yet, the stocks, for the most part, are getting very low valuations in the market vis-a-vis other transportation industries like railroads, for example, or shipping. Greer: And why is that? Just a lot of skepticism because of the history? Argersinger: Right, you're talking about decades of poor profitability, bankruptcies, in a lot of cases, a highly competitive market. So, investors have gotten used to assigning a very low earnings multiple to the airlines. I think that's going to change. I think, with the pricing power that's back, airlines are already really profitable. We know that Warren Buffett, Berkshire Hathaway, has made an investment in a basket of airlines. I just think it's turning for the better, in the same way that railroads turned for the better a little bit over a decade ago. Another part of it is lower fuel costs, which we're going to talk about a little bit later in the podcast with my other theme. But, I think all of that points to very positive things for the airlines. So, taking a basket approach to the industry, or maybe buying one or two airlines, is probably a good bet today. Greer: Do you have a favorite of the group? Argersinger: I would go with United Airlines. Not because of what happened ... Greer: Interesting. Kretzmann: Because he's a sadist. Argersinger: We all know about the incident that was all over the news, it was horrible. But, of the four major airlines, United stands out to me as the cheapest, has some activist investors interested in it, management changed recently, really turning toward the better in terms of margins. And it has a little bit of a gap between that and a Delta Airlines or Southwest Airlines, in terms of margins and multiples. So, I feel like there's a little bit more upside with United Airlines, so if I had to buy one of the major four, I would probably go there. Greer: OK. David Kretzmann, what are you saying yes to? Kretzmann: I'm going with online grocery shopping. This is still, in the U.S., a very small, emerging category. But when you compare the proportion of grocery market sales that are online, in the U.S., it's just 1.4%. In Japan, it's 7.2%. In the U.K., it's 6.9%, and in South Korea, it's over 16%. To me, that leaves a lot of room for that category to grow. I'm not saying that within five or 10 years, 50% of grocery sales will be online. But I think there's a lot of room for that to run in the U.S. We have some start-ups like Instacart, which have partnerships with Safeway, Whole Foods, and a lot of others. I just see room for this category to grow. Some projections show this category growing from about $9.5 billion in 2016 to over $15 billion by 2021, so about a 10% annualized growth rate. All in all, it's still a very small category. Most consumers still don't buy a whole lot of stuff online. If they do, it might be stuff like breakfast cereal or chips from Amazon. Frozen and fresh food continues to be the big question mark, like, can a company crack the code where customers are comfortable having someone else buy and deliver that stuff from the store? And no one has really cracked that code here in the U.S. yet. Greer: You just mentioned Amazon. If I'm an investor and I hear that, and it all sounds great, but what do I do with that information? Do I invest in Amazon? Or is there a pure-play that specializes in that online delivery? Kretzmann: There's not really a pure-play at this point, at least that I know of. Instacart is still a private company. They've expanded very quickly. I think Amazon is one way that you can get some exposure to the company. But their AmazonFresh initiative is such a small percentage of the company, you don't want to invest in Amazon only with that thesis. But I think Whole Foods is actually a company that could continue to benefit here. They've been an early partner with Instacart, with their 365 stores, the smaller stores, they're getting closer to customers. They only have four of those stores right now, but they are planning to continue to open some more of those stores. And as they get closer to customers, that should improve delivery times, and the ability to offer that type of thing. Whole Foods is one that I see moving in that direction. They've been rolling out a loyalty program in a few different markets. So far, that loyalty program is really driving a good chunk of the sales in those stores where they're testing that concept. You can take a similar argument here to why we like restaurants doing the same thing, transitioning to digital and the loyalty program, whether it's Starbucks or Chipotle or Panera. You see that loyalty program and that digital presence really driving up volume and throughput in the stores. You're seeing a lot of repeat customers coming back. I think you can extend that same argument to grocers. I think Whole Foods has finally recognized that digital is a pretty key piece of that experience, whether it's delivering groceries itself or meal kits similar to Blue Apron, they're doing some early tests there. Again, I wouldn't invest in Whole Foods solely because of that. But the company continues to produce a lot of cash, it's not going anywhere anytime soon. And Ron Shaich, the founder and CEO of Panera, is going to be joining the board of directors of Whole Foods, amid this latest board shakeup within the last month or so. I think having his presence on board, having John Mackey as the sole CEO, moving away from that dual CEO structure, I think you're going to see a lot more focused initiative from Whole Foods, moving toward digital and online ordering. Greer: You've had things like Peapod that have been around for a while. People used Peapod eight years ago. What makes this become more mainstream? Because, obviously, you have people getting their groceries online, delivered, it's a nice service, but it's not necessarily a huge service right now.  Kretzmann: Right. With a lot of e-commerce companies, a lot of it comes down to timing. We make fun of Pets.com as an IPO darling of the late 90s that totally fizzled out, and it was a poster child of people getting so caught up in the dot-com craze. But, PetSmart just made the largest e-commerce acquisition ever buying Chewy.com, which sells pet food online.  Greer: Not the Mexican food restaurant. Kretzmann: Not the Mexican food restaurant, no. As far as I know. That might be a diversification opportunity. But, I think timing plays a big role in that. As people get more comfortable with the technology and the thought of ordering things online as that user interface improves and shipping times and quality and the assurance that you're going to get what you paid for, I think people are just getting more comfortable with all of that. So, I think we are shifting toward that time where it won't be crazy to buy fresh or frozen food online anymore. Greer: Matt, what are you saying no to? Argersinger: I'm saying no to oil. I know that's pretty broad. By the way, this is what I'm reading. I'm no expert on the oil industry itself. I talk to really smart Fools like Paul Chi about this all the time. But I'm pretty convinced that within the very near future, I would say less than five years, we're going to hit peak oil in terms of prices and production. This stems partly because of things that are happening right here in the United States. OPEC, as we all know, we're all familiar with the oligopoly that for years and decades set the world's oil price, they're waging a war with U.S. shale producers, and they're losing pretty badly. Starting in 2014, OPEC tried to keep production levels high, trying to drive prices lower to knock out shale. It didn't work. Recently, they had an agreement to cut production to try to get prices back, that's kind of working.  But, all the while, shale producers here in the U.S. are getting more efficient, they're being able to produce more oil and earn profits from that oil at very low prices. In most cases, according to Bloomberg Intelligence, most active wells that we're already drilling can earn profits at oil prices as low as $30. And oil prices are at $50 today. Some reports have oil production in the U.S. going up by a million barrels a day this year and next year. So, if you're OPEC, or you're an oil dependent economy that depends on how oil prices to balance budgets and do all kinds of things, I would say you're in trouble unless you diversify your economy. I would also say, if you're the big oil producers, like an ExxonMobil, a Chevron, or an oil services company like Halliburton, I think you have to prepare your company and the industry for dramatically lower oil prices. This is before we even start talking about solar power becoming more efficient and cheaper, or other alternative energy sources, or the transportation, electrification of vehicles, which is all going to reduce demand for oil. So, I have this feeling that there's going to be a pretty big disruption in this market that still, by the way, makes up a pretty big chunk of the S&P 500. So, a lot of us indirectly are invested in a lot of these oil companies. And I think the returns are going to be pretty poor going forward. Greer: So, you're saying no to ExxonMobil and the like? Argersinger: I think so. It's going to be hard to pinpoint losers, and a great company like ExxonMobil might be able to diversify its business. But I would say if you're any large producer that's going to be dependent on exploring, drilling, or producing oil over the next five to 10 years, you're in trouble.  Greer: That five to 10 year period, that seems pretty important. If that plays out in the next five years, that has a certain set of implications. If it's closer to 15 or 20 years, then investors could still make a lot money, right? I'm always a bit skeptical, when people talk about the death of Big Oil, it reminds me of when I was in elementary school and people said we would adopt the metric system, and there was this big push, and then it just went away. In case you haven't noticed, the U.S. is not using the metric system. Argersinger: You're right. Saying this is going to happen within five years is probably really aggressive. But I would say, unlike the metric system, there's a real desire for a lot of industries and human beings and governments to move away from oil if we can for alternative sources. At least, I hope that's the case. So, I think there's a lot of forces coming from a lot of different places that are saying, "We need to be using a lot less oil." And it's remarkable that the culprit for lower oil prices is coming right here from the United States, which, a decade ago, we never would have said that. So, I think it's pretty much inevitable now. Kretzmann: Something interesting in the Wall Street Journal from a couple days ago which will be fascinating to watch, is, in China, the most popular vehicle category -- and it's growing in terms of market share -- is SUVs. People in China who aren't used to driving tend to gravitate toward SUVs, which are safer to drive. So, electric vehicles up to this point haven't really grabbed hold in China in terms of market share, and people are going for these big, gas-guzzling SUVs. So, theoretically, over the next few years, we'll continue to see demand for gasoline or oil that way. But, obviously, there's a lot more that goes into oil demand than just driving. But, that will be a pretty interesting trend to watch in China, because China has been making a push to move toward cleaner energy, a lot of the cities deal with some pretty major pollution problems. But, even so, people are going to SUVs right now in China. Greer: Texas and China. Kretzmann: Peas in a pod. Greer: OK, David, what are you saying no to? Kretzmann: I'm saying no to fitness trackers. I'll just say that this isn't saying no to wearable devices as a whole. But fitness trackers themselves, something you put on your wrist to track your sleep, your heart rate, your running speed, your distance and all of the, I think that's a future and not a product. It reminds me of Garmin 10 or 15 years ago, where you have these dedicated GPS systems, but lo and behold, it gets integrated into virtually every phone and device out there, and you don't need a separate GPS system. I think fitness trackers are just something that, they won't necessarily go away. I think that feature will be integrated into smartwatches or glasses or whatever wearable devices we have. But, between 2009 and 2015, U.S. navigation system sales dropped from $15.5 million to $10 million. Garmin's share price over the last 10 years is down 10%. And I think, you'll see something similar play out with Fitbit, which, for 2017, they're guiding for the revenue to drop, they're back to losing money and burning cash. Since Apple entered the smartwatch market, it still surprises me that people give the Apple Watch so much grief, because ever since Apple entered the market in 2015, it's never dropped below 50% market share. Right now it has 63% share of that smartwatch market. Greer: But is that one of those stats where there were four watches sold and Apple sold two of them? Kretzmann: No, you have a good amount of competitors now. You have Samsung, Fitbit has come out with a few different smartwatches. But ever since Apple entered the market, they've dominated it. And I think that goes back to my previous point, where, when you buy an Apple Watch, it's fitting into an existing ecosystem. And I think that's similar to GPS, where it's a key feature, but people aren't going to buy a product just for that feature. Argersinger: I love the point -- if you're an investor listening to this podcast, I think David just said some really smart things. Watch out for products and services that are merely features, that aren't part of an ecosystem, or a product that can do a lot of diverse and versatile things for you. There are a lot, you can look in business all the time, and see situations like that. Maybe there's a cyber security firm like FireEye, I'm throwing out just one that has underperformed lately, where maybe what they do is more features, it's not necessarily the one-stop solution for my cyber security. I'm just making one example here. But, those exist all the time. They key to investing is really finding those companies that are actually building the platforms and ecosystems that consumers are going to keep coming back to and that keep getting richer, whereas companies that just do one or two things really well tend to get gobbled up pretty fast. Greer: And Apple has deep pockets. They don't have near as much riding on the smartwatch as Fitbit or a pure-play has. Kretzmann: Yeah, Fitbit is really going back to the drawing board, and they're reinventing the company. They're saying, "We're a data company now, we're going to try to sell the data that our customers are tracking." To me, it's just not a very compelling vision for the company. I see them in a similar position to Garmin five or 10 years ago, where yeah, they did that one thing really well, and they were the leader in that market, but at some point, that feature will be in everything, it won't be differentiated anymore. Argersinger: Right. Imagine if Kevin Plank at Under Armour 20 years ago said, "You know what? I'm just going to make the sweat wicking undershirts, that's all we're going to do. Under Armour is going to be the best in that." Well, it wouldn't have been long before Nike, Adidas, or someone else did that or bought Under Armour. But, no, he said, "We're going to create a brand that does a lot of different things, that goes in a lot of different markets." And you can see where their success has been, doing that. Greer: Let's close out with our maybe-so stock. Matt, this is something that you're still kind of noodling over, you're conflicted about. Sorry, it's not a stock, it's a trend or theme or something happening. What are you a maybe on? Argersinger: I actually don't know what this theme should be called. Is it autonomous vehicles? Is it mobility disruption? Is it the shared car revolution? However you want to call it, I guess mobility disruption might be the best catch-all phrase. I've listened to Chris Hill's interview with the RethinkX's founder, Tony Seba, from last week's Motley Fool Money radio show, twice now. Because I think it's mind blowing, the future that Seba has laid out in his research firm, and about what's going to happen in, he's pointing out five or six years, where we're going to be at a point where everyone is using shared vehicles, for the most part. That electric, autonomous vehicles are dominating the roads, we don't need parking lots, we don't need car dealers, we don't need auto producers like Ford, because maybe Tesla or one other company is going to be making all the vehicles we use anyway and no one is really going to care. Greer: And it's really more of a service that you could potentially be a member of and subscribe to, and your car comes by and picks you up, and then you're done with it, and you don't own your own car. Argersinger: Right. And why do I care what the car might look like or how it performs? It just gets me from point A to point B in a very comfortable setting, and I'm good. There's a lot to love about that future, and I'm excited about it, frankly. But, what you have to assume, and we talked about this before the show, Mac, is you have to assume that people are really going to be willing to give up private car ownership. And maybe that works, if you're someone who's living in the city, and having a car is a hassle and an expense you don't want to deal with. But if you live in a lot of parts of the country and you want a car to drive a few hours to see someone or go somewhere or go camping -- Greer: Or if you're in a rural area, there's no way. Argersinger: Right. There's not going to be a car sharing service network that can get to you, yeah. So, there's a lot of things you have to assume. And, by the way, the big elephant in the room is the government, the state governments, federal, local. There's going to be a lot of regulations passed to enable these autonomous vehicle networks to happen anyway. So, I'm excited about the future. Whether or not it happens in five or six years, I'm very skeptical of that. Even 10 years seems really a stretch. But it's coming, I just don't know when the timing is going to be, and who's going to win and who's going to lose from this. There are so many implications. The average consumer, if you explain to them this future, I think they're like, "What? That's not going to happen." But that's kind of how disruption happens. It can happen quickly. Greer: Yeah. And I was skeptical, we were talking about this beforehand, and I think the tricky part of this is for people -- and we all fit into this category -- who know how to drive, who grew up driving, making that transition, for me, at least, is very difficult, because I love driving, I love the psychology of being able to drive when I want, where I want. But, my kids, if they never learn to drive on their own, and this is the world they know, so what? Argersinger: Right. And I think Seba's point is a good one. It's just, when something happens so dramatically, where the cost drops 10X and it just becomes something that's so much more convenient, and if walking out of our front door every morning and getting into a shared car that pulls right up, and not dealing with traffic, and not dealing with having to park the car, and being dropped right in front of our office or wherever we're going, it's a compelling future. And if that's the case, I think it can happen pretty fast. But there's so much that has to happen before we even get to that point. Greer: And there's going to be that period, that transition period, where some vehicles, I assume, will be autonomous, and some vehicles not. If that's the case, I'm still driving, because I don't want to get in the car that's autonomous and trust that technology, realizing that there are human drivers on the road. I don't like that.  Kretzmann: I'll piggyback off this and ask a question. Any guesses for the top three-selling vehicles in the U.S. last year? Greer: The Ford F-150, that's the truck, I think, worldwide. Argersinger: Always in the top three. Greer: The Honda Accord? Kretzmann: Nope. No. 3 is Ram trucks, No. 2 Chevy Silverado, No. 1 Ford F-150. So, when I think of autonomous driving, I never think about a truck. But literally the top three-selling vehicles in the country are trucks. I don't know if anyone really wants an autonomous truck, necessarily. Argersinger: And, good luck, the guy who just bought the Ford F-150, good luck convincing him that he's going to get into an autonomous sedan at some point. Kretzmann: "Here's your Prius." Argersinger: Right. I agree. Greer: Are both of you guys there with the technology right now, if a Google driverless car pulls up right now and says, "I'll take you to Dallas Airport," are you good with that? Kretzmann: I would hop in, sure.  Argersinger: [laughs] What Mac said about other humans still being out there driving around ... I would, though, I'd be willing to give it a try, for sure. Greer: But you would feel better if they were all autonomous? Argersinger: Oh, absolutely. Greer: I would too. I'll take that bet. Kretzmann: Get rid of the human error whenever possible. Greer: Yes. OK, David, what are you maybe-so on? Kretzmann: I'm going with bottled and sparkling water. This is kind of a safe one, I'm leaning more yes than no on this one. It's probably no surprise, but looking at global bottled water consumption, it went from 212 billion liters in 2007 to 391 billion liters this year, that's estimated for this year. In the meantime, carbonated beverage sales in the U.S. have stagnated since 2010. You've seen Pepsi and [Coca-Cola] continue to struggle with that. They've been transitioning more and more to waters and juices and teas to ramp up their own growth. Even SodaStream has made a resurgence here in the U.S. and around the world since its repositioned itself from a pure soda alternative, where it would have these funky syrup flavors, and instead going the sparkling water route, saying, "These systems aren't to make soda, they're to make sparkling water." And lo and behold, they've done pretty well. One company in particular that I've continued to watch in this space, it's a really funky little company, they don't have conference calls, the CEO is probably the quirkiest guy you'll ever see running a public company, it's National Beverage, FIZZ is the ticker. The company has a couple segments now. They have a carbonated soft drink segment, with brands like Shasta and Faygo, kind of these offbeat -- Greer: Shasta, wow, there's a name I haven't heard in a while. Kretzmann: They also have the Powerplus brands segment, and the main driver with that is LaCroix, however you want to say that. Greer: Either is acceptable on Market Foolery. Kretzmann: We might do both, we'll see. But, right now, LaCroix is at about 9% market share, but it's the fastest growing sparkling water brand out there. They have the top two spots. A little boots on the ground research here, our local Whole Foods near us at HQ, any time you walk in, there's often a huge LaCroix display, either at the front of the store or at a pretty prominent location in the store. Another local store here in town, Balducci's, I walk by it just about every morning, there's a massive LaCroix display right in the front door. So, the stuff is selling like hotcakes, at least in Old Town Alexandria. And just looking over the past four quarters for that Powerplus brands segment, their case volume sales were up 31%, 46%, 40%, and 49%. So, they're putting up some staggering growth. The main question I have here is, is this a sustainable lasting trend, or is it still more of a fad? And I'm leaning more toward it being a trend, because I think as people become more health-conscious, they probably aren't going to go back to soda any time soon. But, I'm wondering, with the individual brands within that category, like LaCroix, are they actually here to stay, or can one of these bigger players just recreate it? Greer: I'm a skeptic here, because I love water. I love sparkling water without the sparkling part. The word for that is water. Kretzmann: You and me both. Greer: So, when you're competing with water, isn't that tough? That feels like really ... maybe they're not competing with water. Maybe sparkling water drinkers would be drinking soda otherwise? Kretzmann: I think a lot of people who are trying to transition out of soda will go to LaCroix or sparking water. Greer: It's like that nicotine patch. Kretzmann: Something like that. Personally, I've tried it, and they don't really taste sweet, so it hasn't been very appealing to me. But I'm not a soda drinker, either. But I look at that sales growth, and over the past year, their sales growth has accelerated to 15%, and their earnings are up over 70%, so their margins are continuing to tick up. So, it's that LaCroix brand, for National Beverage, anyway, is driving those sales. But then, thinking a little bit bigger picture, you have the energy drink market, with Monster and Red Bull, and that category has almost doubled in the U.S. since 2010. So, I look at that and I kind of scratch my head. It's not just a clear trend toward healthy drinking. That's why, for me, it's still a little bit up in the air, especially when you're looking at individual brands like LaCroix -- how much staying power do they actually have? Greer: OK, we will leave it there. Matt, you are yes on airlines, no on oil, and a maybe on autonomous vehicles. David, you are yes on online grocery shopping, no on fitness trackers, and a maybe on sparkling water. Bottled water, too? Kretzmann: Sure, we'll throw that in there. Argersinger: How about some trends there, huh? Greer: Yeah, that was good. I threw my own in here at the end. I'm a yes on love and marriage, I'm a no on cynicism, and I'm a strong maybe on wearing Crocs out in public. How do you come down on that one? Argersinger: That wins. You won, Mac. Greer: Would you wear Crocs in public? Argersinger: I don't own a pair of Crocs, and I probably wouldn't wear them anywhere.  Greer: [laughs] David? Kretzmann: I go the comfort route. If they feel good, I might just do it. Greer: Good. That sounds like a no, though. Kretzmann: It depends who I'm with. [laughs]  Greer: [laughs] Matt, David, thanks for joining me! As always, people on the show may have interests in the stocks that they talk about, and The Motley Fool may have formal recommendations for or against, so don't buy or sell stocks based solely on what you hear. That's it for this edition of Market Foolery. The show is mixed by Dan Boyd. I'm Mac Greer. Thanks for listening, we'll see you tomorrow! John Mackey, CEO of Whole Foods Market, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. David Kretzmann owns shares of Amazon, Berkshire Hathaway (B shares), Chipotle Mexican Grill, FireEye, Monster Beverage, National Beverage, Nike, Panera Bread, SodaStream, Starbucks, Tesla, Under Armour (A Shares), Under Armour (C Shares), and Whole Foods Market. Mac Greer owns shares of Apple and Chipotle Mexican Grill. Matthew Argersinger owns shares of Amazon, Apple, Berkshire Hathaway (B shares), Chipotle Mexican Grill, Starbucks, Tesla, Under Armour (C Shares), and Whole Foods Market. Matthew Argersinger has the following options: short December 2017 $800 puts on Amazon, short July 2017 $17.5 puts on Under Armour (C Shares), and long January 2019 $45 calls on Nike. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon, Apple, Berkshire Hathaway (B shares), Chipotle Mexican Grill, Fitbit, Ford, Monster Beverage, Nike, PepsiCo, Starbucks, Tesla, Under Armour (A Shares), Under Armour (C Shares), and Whole Foods Market. The Motley Fool owns shares of ExxonMobil, Panera Bread, and SodaStream. The Motley Fool recommends Chevron, Crocs, and FireEye. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Mac Greer (TMFMac) None Article Info Jun 1, 2017 at 2:20PM Consumer Goods Read More The 3 Best Dividend Stocks in Casinos and Gaming Lululemon Athletica Sees Bottom-Line Gains, Moves ivivva Online Why Dollar General Corp. Stock Was Gaining Today 3 Dividend Stocks for Smart Investors 5 Great Reasons to Sell Michael Kors Holdings Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Bullish, Bearish, and On the Fence for These Major Trends @themotleyfool #stocks
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 248% 70% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 113% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 64% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/1/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 248% 70% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 113% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 64% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/1/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: 5 Top Dividend Stocks in Wearables Each of these companies is making its own play in the burgeoning wearable technology market -- and paying out cash to their investors along the way. Chris Neiger (TMFNewsie) Jun 1, 2017 at 2:28PM The wearable technology sector is projected to be worth $51.6 billion annually in just five years, according to MarketsandMarkets research, and in 2016, more than 102 million wearable devices were shipped, up 25% year over year. There are plenty of wearable tech stocks for investors to choose from, but those looking to ride all of this growth and receive a dividend should consider these leaders: Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT), Garmin (NASDAQ:GRMN), Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM) and Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF). Here's why: Image source: Apple. Apple   Apple has yet to overtake Fitbit as the wearable tech leader by shipments, but considering that Fitbit doesn't pay a dividend, Apple is one of the best plays on the market.  According to IDC's fourth-quarter 2016 data (the most recent available) Apple had its "best quarter ever in the wearables market" and shipped 4.6 million of its Apple Watch smartwatches, up 13% year over year. That was enough to give the company the No. 3 spot in wearable shipments, behind Fitbit and Xiaomi.  Apple pays out a quarterly dividend, which it has increased every year since it first issued one in 2012. The 10.5% boost it gave its dividend in its most recent quarter makes the tech giant an even more compelling buy for income investors. Garmin Garmin has carved out its own niche among athletes in the wearable tech space, and currently falls just behind Apple in shipments. The good news for Garmin was that it boosted the average selling price (ASP) of its devices in Q4 2016 to $258, up from $200 last year. Additionally, its new Fenix 5 smartwatch should enhance the company's mass-market appeal, and boost its 2017 sales numbers.  On its fiscal Q1 2017 earnings call, the company said that despite a drop off in basic activity tracker demand, "we are very pleased with the performance of advanced wearables with GPS capability, which experienced robust growth during the quarter and nearly offset the steep decline of basic activity trackers." Garmin has a trailing dividend yield of 3.92%, has raised its payout annually for the past five years, and sports a solid payout ratio of 58.29%. The company's combination of a strong position in the wearables space and generous dividend make its stock a good bet for investors. Microsoft If you're thinking "Microsoft doesn't sell wearables anymore!" you're right. After a poor response to the Microsoft Band 2, the company didn't even bring its Band 3 to the shelves, essentially exiting the market last year.  But recently, Microsoft announced that it was partnering with Trekstor to bring a completely new type of wearable to market. Instead of focusing on consumer devices (nearly the entire market right now), they will produce a yet-to-be-named wearable for the commercial market.  Microsoft said on its website that this wearable could replace larger hand-held devices in the retail inventory management, guest services, industrial automation, and patient care segments across several sectors. In short, Microsoft wants to develop wearable that helps make people's jobs easier.  The only specs that have been revealed thus far are that it will have Wi-Fi and Bluetooth connectivity, voice messaging, a one-day battery life, and a 1.54-inch Gorilla Glass 3 display. The device hasn't been unveiled yet, but if and when it arrives, Microsoft will have a first-mover advantage in a nearly untapped commercial segment of the wearables space. An additional benefit for Microsoft will lay in selling its software and services for the device, which it says will run Universal Windows applications and use the Azure cloud for services like Microsoft Cognitive Services. If the speculative nature of that wearables bet makes you a bit nervous, remember that Microsoft has a current dividend yield of 2.2%, a 66% payout ratio, and 13 long years of annual dividend increases. Qualcomm Qualcomm's processors are well-known in the mobile space, but the company is also a significant player in wearables. Its Snapdragon Wear processors can be found in more than 100 wearable devices, including over 80% of Android Wear smartwatches. The company also announced earlier this year that its Snapdragon 835 chip would be used in a set of new smart, AR glasses for Osterhout Design Group (ODG). Qualcomm noted at the time that the new 835 was specifically designed for "experiences beyond mobile phones" and the ODG smart glasses were the first design win for the chip. It's worth noting that while there's a lot of potential for Qualcomm's processors in the wearables space, the segment is still small compared to the company's mobile and licensing businesses. Income investors will be pleased with Qualcomm's strong dividend yield of 3.6%, and 14 years of consecutive dividend growth. Samsung Samsung made it on to IDC's top-five wearable vendor list last year, shipping 4.4 million of its smartwatches and fitness trackers -- a 33.6% year over year increase from 2015.  Samsung differentiates itself from its rivals by offering some of the only LTE-enabled smartwatches on the market. This allows its devices, like the new Gear S3 and Frontier, to have full functionality without having to be tethered to a smartphone.  The company has a trailing 12-month dividend yield of 1.4% and a 16.6% payout ratio -- which leaves plenty of room for dividend improvements for investors looking to bet on a top wearable tech player. Teresa Kersten is an employee of LinkedIn and is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. LinkedIn is owned by Microsoft. Chris Neiger has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple, Fitbit, and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Chris Neiger (TMFNewsie) Chris has covered Tech and Telecom companies for The Motley Fool since 2012. Follow him on Twitter for the latest tech stock coverage. Follow @tmfnewsie Article Info Jun 1, 2017 at 2:28PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $153.18 up $0.42 (0.27%) Qualcomm NASDAQ:QCOM $58.62 up $1.35 (2.36%) Microsoft NASDAQ:MSFT $70.10 up $0.26 (0.37%) Garmin NASDAQ:GRMN $52.74 up $0.70 (1.35%) Samsung NASDAQOTH:SSNLF $2,000.00 no change (0.00%) Read More How to Buy Apple Stock, and Why You Should Want To Apple Inc. Poaches a Qualcomm, Inc. Chip Executive This Apple Inc. iPhone Rumor Sounds Sketchy Rumor: Apple Inc. to Kill the iPad Mini Apple Inc.'s iPhone 8 Looks Great Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current 5 Top Dividend Stocks in Wearables @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $QCOM, $MSFT, $GRMN, $SSNLF
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Mobile Image Source: Martin Hajek The best new iPhone 8 feature hasn’t even leaked yet Chris Smith @chris_writes June 1st, 2017 at 11:33 AM Share Tweet The iPhone 8 is expected to offer fans a few innovations that have never been seen on an iPhone before. The list of rumored features includes an almost bezel-less OLED screen, home button functionality backed into the screen including the Touch ID sensor, wireless charging, a 3D front-facing camera complete with facial recognition support, and a new A-series processor that’s faster than anything out there. Various design leaks have also provided more indirect evidence supporting these rumored features. But the one feature that should end up being the best new thing about the iPhone 8 hasn’t even leaked yet. Don't Miss: Meet the $40 box that can play every NES game ever made It’s already June, which means come next Monday Apple will unveil a variety of new products during its WWDC 2017 keynote. And it’s not just software novelties, rumors say, as Apple is going to unveil quite a few new products during the event, including a new iPad, MacBook refreshes, and possibly a Siri speaker. iOS and macOS will be the stars of the show, however. Which brings me to the iPhone 8’s best new feature: iOS 11. Without iOS powering the iPhone, all we have is a piece of hardware that looks like every other smartphone out there. But iOS is really the one thing that keeps fans loyal to the iPhone. Sure, the hardware is amazing, but iOS is really what makes me want to stay inside Apple’s ecosystem. And I suspect that’s the case for many other iPhone users. Unlike in previous years, Apple somehow managed to prevent major iOS leaks. We’re just days away from WWDC 2017 and there have not been any major scoops about the operating system. We have no idea what’s coming, and I suspect that Apple will do its very best to keep some of iOS 11’s gems a secret during the keynote and even after the first iOS 11 betas are released, as they would practically confirm details about the iPhone 8’s features and final design. Rumors say the iPhone 8 will support wireless charging as well as AR and VR. These features could be confirmed by iOS 11 leaks months before the iPhone 8 actually ships. Even the new Touch ID fingerprint sensor’s functionality could be explained by an iOS 11 leak. Reports have also indicated that Apple is taking secrecy to a whole new level, and it looks like it’s working well so far. While Apple can’t control leaks from component makers and manufacturing partners, it sure seems like it was able to contain any software leaks, which could only originate from Cupertino. Tags: Apple, iOS 11, iPhone 8 View Comments Trending 1 Tech Samsung’s about to launch a new version of the Galaxy S8 2 Tech How the iPhone 8 will look next to the iPhone 7, the Google Pixel and other top phones 3 Science Aerospace exec says aliens not only exist, they’re living on Earth right now 4 Science Scientists just destroyed our dreams of a real Jurassic Park 5 Deals Amazon’s 15 best deals: Four different Bose wireless speakers, best-selling drone, Beats Solo3, more Picked For You Leaked poster suggests the OnePlus 5 will launch on June 15 By Chris Smith 2 days ago Here’s a gorgeous iPhone 8 concept that Apple could never make By Chris Smith 17 hours ago Amazon’s 15 best deals: Four different Bose wireless speakers, best-selling drone, Beats Solo3, more By Maren Estrada 17 hours ago Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
Wharton, University of Pennsylvania The K@W Network: English 简体中文 繁體中文 Español Portugués Log In Register Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Rows Knowledge @ Wharton Search World Search Topics Finance Innovation Leadership Marketing Management Public Policy Social Impact Technology Regions North America Asia-Pacific Europe Latin America Middle East & Africa Global Focus Research K@W Radio More Books Videos Opinion Sponsor Collaborations Reports About About Us Our Team Media Room News Feeds Partnerships Feedback Innovation How ‘Little Ideas’ Can Lead to Powerful Innovations Jun 01, 2017 Podcasts Research Strategic Management North America Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print Comment Quote Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print Comment Quote Subscribe on iTunes! mic Listen to the podcast: Wharton's David Robertson discusses his new book on innovation. http://media.blubrry.com/kw/p/d1c25a6gwz7q5e.cloudfront.net/audio/20170522-KW-RobertsonBook.mp3 Supports K@W's Innovation Content When most people hear the word innovation, they think about Uber, Airbnb and Amazon — disruptive companies that upended entire industries with a radical new way to do business. But Wharton operations, information and decisions practice professor David Robertson argues that this view is too narrow a definition of innovation, and one that is not useful to most companies. In his book, The Power of Little Ideas: A Low-Risk, High-Reward Approach to Innovation, Robertson talks about a more practical way companies can innovate: by focusing on complementary actions around a key product. He teaches innovation and product development at Wharton and is the host of Innovation Navigation, a Wharton Business Radio program. Robertson recently spoke to Knowledge@Wharton about his book. An edited transcript of the conversation follows. Knowledge@Wharton: The inspiration for this book actually came, in some ways, from a can of paint. Why don’t you tell us about that? David Robertson: My previous book was about Lego, and that was a story about a company that figured out that you didn’t want to innovate inside the box — that wasn’t going to get them anywhere — and you didn’t want to innovate outside the box because that almost put them out of business, but rather, around the box. Complementary innovations around a core product — the brick for Lego — was what really led them to their recent success. I got my house painted a couple of summers ago, and the contractor I hired put together a proposal. He helped me choose colors and helped me decide what kind of paint, what things needed painting the most, and how I’d manage on a limited budget. He put together a proposal, and he picked Sherwin Williams paint. I looked at my favorite consumer ratings magazine, and Sherwin-Williams paint is good, but it’s twice as expensive as another paint that’s equally good. So I talked to him, and I said, “Can’t we use this other paint?” And he said, “Well, yes, we could, but it’s going to raise your price.” I said, “I don’t understand, the other paint is half the price.” And he said, “Yeah, but paint is only about 15% of the total cost of your project. I have to think about all the supplies; I’ve got to line up the labor; there’s the overhead of running a company, etc..” He said, “What Sherwin-Williams does is help me though the entire process of working with you, from helping you choose your colors — there’s a Sherwin-Williams color consultant — to figuring out how much paint is needed for the primer, and for the paint itself, brushes, tarps, all the other supplies. Then, during the project, it is keeping me supplied — I can return extra primer if I don’t need it. If I run out of something, that Sherwin-Williams rep will be over at the site, delivering what I need. Then, at the end, he helps me put together that next proposal. Because there’s always a next proposal, as any homeowner knows. I looked, and it turns out within a five or 10-minute drive of my house, there are more Sherwin-Williams stores than there are Starbucks, and that’s because they realized who their customer is. It’s not me. I’m the end consumer, of course, and I’m the one that has Sherwin-Williams paint on the house. But it’s that small business, the painting contractor, [that they focus on]. Sherwin-Williams, like Lego, realized it’s not so much about the product — their product is a can of paint — it’s about their innovations around the product that make that product more valuable. I wanted to write a book for companies that wanted to try this approach to innovation. I don’t argue that there’s one best way to innovate, but it seems like it’s a tool that every innovation leader should have in their tool belt. Knowledge@Wharton: What isn’t being discussed when companies think about innovation, or how they should strategize toward an innovation? Robertson: I interview innovation thinkers, gurus, consultants, executives who have done interesting innovative things, and I continually see this binary view of innovation … — [develop] an incrementally better version of your current product here … or something revolutionary and disruptive, be it some kind of Blue Ocean Strategy thing (creating an uncontested market) or lean startup or disruptive technology, some kind of new and better version of your business. In other words, leaving the old behind and venturing out into new territories. “Sherwin-Williams … realized it’s not so much about the product — their product is a can of paint — it’s about their innovations around the product that make that product more valuable.” To see innovation in that binary way is dangerous. Most people in most companies doing most of the innovation are focused on that current product that needs to become more competitive. Maybe it’s competitively challenged; maybe it has become a commodity, whatever. What I liked about the approach of Lego and Sherwin-Williams was that it was focused on that type of innovation: How do we take our existing product and make it more compelling, make it more valuable for our customers? Knowledge@Wharton: Your book is not saying that in using this ‘third way’ of innovating, we have to throw out things. It’s more about finding the right toolkit to use for whatever your problem happens to be, or to solve your market issues. Are there ways, once you start using this third way, to keep your employees on track? Sponsored Content: Robertson: This book was a hard one to write, because the stuff in the middle is really review. It’s the material at the beginning and the end that’s different. What I lay out in the book is a four-step process. And the first step — what you are asking about — is really the step of answering, “Who are we as a company? What are our crown jewels? What are those things that we did yesterday that we’re going to do today and that we are going to do tomorrow? The things that made our company great, that our customers still depend on us for? What’s our [Lego] brick?” Some companies have many different bricks. Lego was easy. Sherwin-Williams was easy. But there are other companies where it’s more difficult [to find the key product]. But starting small, choosing something important, and then trying to understand what customers are getting from the product is the first step. That is a different step. It’s almost where you’re not going to innovate. What’s going to stay the same? I think that’s a much more stable base to build innovation efforts from. Then, once you’ve done that, it’s understanding what the value is to the customer, what I call “the promise,” that’s the second step. Then you come to the third step, which is the creative idea generation, and there’s lots of different ways to do it. Then, going into some of the prototyping and experimentation to understand whether you have the right ideas, that’s all pretty well-trod territory. I put in some things that are unique to this approach to innovation in the book. But then, it’s the fourth step, and you have to read all the way to Chapter 7. If you’re a company that’s good at product development, developing a better version of your product or service, then you have probably set up roles and responsibilities, and structured processes, metrics, reward systems, that make you very good at that. But that actually prevents this approach to innovation. You have to change some of that, otherwise, you are setting your team up for failure. That last part, about how you change your organization to give your team the chance to be successful, that’s what makes this so hard. “Get a team organized around some product, and give them the freedom to really think more broadly than just about the product or service.” Knowledge@Wharton: You also have to organize your company that way, because if it’s organized toward disruption, you can’t do this. Robertson: That’s right, and it’s why I suggest starting small. Get a team organized around some product, and give them the freedom to really think more broadly than just about the product or service. Rather, give the team the mandate to start thinking about other services, partners, channels to market, whatever, that will really help your customers get more value from the product. That’s something that can be really difficult to overcome in a company. But if you start small, you can show that it’s valuable, and then build up from there. Knowledge@Wharton: Now you also point out — using Kodak as an example — that this is not the answer for every company, for every problem. For example, Kodak probably couldn’t have used the third way to survive the advent of digital photography. Robertson: That’s right. I think of it as another tool in the tool belt that I don’t see people talking about. Knowledge@Wharton: One of the things you talk about in the book is that Lego — back when their fortunes had declined, and they were looking for a way back to growth — first turned to incremental innovation. Then they turned to disruption, and then they turned to this [third way of innovating around the box]. Robertson: I saw that pattern being repeated again and again. I saw it with Apple; I saw it with Gatorade. One of the first things that companies tend to do is … maybe they’ve grown because they came out with a great product. So they do more of that product, and they expand it to new geographies, and the company grows and everything’s wonderful. Then, all of a sudden, that’s not enough. That avenue for growth hits its inevitable end. Then what often happens — what happened at Lego, Apple, Gatorade, etc. — is they keep putting out more versions of the product. Every new variant that they spin off makes less money, but has just as much cost. So profits go down, sales don’t go up, and the whole thing — if you keep doing it — will result in a problem. What happened at Lego — as also happened at Apple, and that happened at other companies — is that they begin to ask this: How can we reinvent the future? How can we reinvent the future of play for Lego or computing for Apple or whatever? And they come out with all kinds of revolutionary disruptive products. And that’s really dangerous. It’s expensive, it’s difficult, it fails a lot. It doesn’t mean you don’t want to try. You absolutely want to try. You have to have somebody looking out there to see what’s happening with technologies, and with competitors, and new low-end, high-tech solutions that could disrupt you if you’re not really paying attention to it. You’ve got to be focused on that. “Steve Jobs was not a disruptor. He was disruptive, but not a disruptor. That may sound like academic nitpicking, but I think it’s really important.” But it’s tough to bet the company on it. It was only when those companies went back to the core product and started innovating around it that they began to have the success that they had. Knowledge@Wharton: A lot of times, when people talk about innovation at Apple, what they talk about is disruption. You argue that it’s the third way that actually came first. Robertson: Yes, and I get a lot of heat for that second chapter about Apple, because I’m arguing that [its late cofounder and visionary CEO] Steve Jobs was not a disruptor. He was disruptive, but not a disruptor. That may sound like academic nitpicking, but I think it’s really important, because it says something about where innovation leaders should look for ideas. Let me go into that in a little bit of depth. Apple, when it came out with the iPod and iTunes in 2001, made major changes in the music industry. Of course, in 2003, when they opened up the iTunes Store, that was a big change. And it opened up the first major digital market. If you’re a music company or if you’re a company making MP3 players, that feels like a disruption. But the point that I try to make in the chapter is that Steve Jobs was not looking to disrupt. You’ve got to go back to 2001 to see that Apple was a company that had focused on the PC market, and had steadily been losing share. I think they had a peak of about 15% in the mid-1990s … and hit a low of 4% market share. Things were really bad at Apple in 2001. Of course, it was the tech crash, so there was less demand, but things were not going well. What Steve Jobs was doing with the iPod and iTunes was he came out — and I urge anybody to go back and listen to his Macworld presentation from 2001, where he shows a picture of a Mac in the middle, and he shows around it a VCR and a digital camera and a CD player and a Palm Pilot — and he said, “Your life is becoming digital. Your pictures are digital, your movies are digital, both the ones you watch and the ones you take. And your music is digital. And in no place is this experience worse than with music. So, we’re going to help you manage your digital life.” And then, he introduces the iPod and iTunes. And iTunes, actually, was a product called SoundJam that he’d acquired the year before and improved slightly, but it was introduced as iTunes. And of course, the iPod was, at that time, an MP3 player. And Steve Jobs, if you go back and read Walter Isaacson’s biography, fought like crazy resisting taking iTunes to the IBM platform, which of course, was necessary. I mean, the customers just demanded it, so he had to. But the purpose of the iPod and iTunes was not to disrupt the music industry, it was to complement the Mac. It was to sell more Macs and to make the Mac more valuable. It was to make it the hub of your digital life. Again, if you’re in the music industry, those feel very disruptive. But Steve Jobs was not looking to disrupt. He was saying, “What is our brick? What’s that center of who we are? It’s the Mac. How can we sell more Macs? Well, by making it more valuable. Well, what do people want? They want to manage their digital life.” And in 2001, that was becoming a real thing. Let’s do that for one area — music — and let’s see whether that can’t sell some more Macs. It really was, I think, a misunderstood case. That is not a case of disruption, not from the standpoint of what was going through Steve Jobs’ mind in 2001. Knowledge@Wharton: What do you think is Apple’s brick today? Would it be the Mac or the iPhone? Robertson: They followed where their customers led them. That iPod, of course, became the iPod Touch, and then it became the iPhone in 2007. Then the App Store opens up in 2008, and there’s this whole system of complementary innovations around the iPhone. Now, of course, they make a lot more money from the small screen than from the big screen. The iPhone has become its own center of a system of complementary innovations. One of those, of course, is the Watch. We will see whether the Apple Watch becomes a third center. It doesn’t look like it is. It looks like Apple is not quite able to execute. One of the things that Steve Jobs was able to do, he had that force of personality that demanded everybody in the company work together to make an insanely great customer experience. “The purpose of the iPod and iTunes was not to disrupt the music industry, it was to complement the Mac.” Well, as the company has grown, and as Steve Jobs is gone, it may be getting harder within Apple to bring together all the different parts of the company to really make that seamless experience. To make it not around one center, but around two or even three, if you count the Watch. I end the book with a story of Disney. Disney is both a great example because they were the first to do this — back in 1937, they were doing this with the first animated feature, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs. They also had records, so you could sing along. They had bath salts, so you could smell like Snow White. They had events at the movie theater. The Mickey Mouse Club, at its peak, was bigger than the Girl Scouts and Boy Scouts combined. All those things made the movie more valuable and the whole experience better. But as Disney grew, and — especially during the [CEO Michael] Eisner years, this has been well documented — all those different things became their own business units. So there was the theme park business unit, the movie business unit, the stores business unit, and the TV shows. All those things kind of went in their own direction. And the one that was let go, that lost some of its luster, was movies and telling stories. A lot of the characters in the stories were the things that drew people to Disney World, and to the merchandise in the stores and so forth. And Bob Iger, when he took over for Eisner, realized that. He said, “I had this eye-opening trip in Tokyo, where I looked around, and all the characters that kids were really excited by or interested in were either very old Disney characters, like Mickey Mouse or Donald Duck and Goofy, or the new ones from Pixar.” All the other movies that they had been making — The Princess and the Frog, Bolt — were just a lot of very ho-hum movies that Disney put out. They’d lost that art. So Iger purchased Pixar, and used the management of Pixar to help revive the fortunes of the Disney innovation. Of course, that led to Frozen and some of the other great Disney animated features that we’ve seen, and a revival of the whole system of innovations around it. Knowledge@Wharton: How do you find those ah-ha moments, like when Gatorade realized that athletes were its core audience? Robertson: It starts with that question, ‘What are our crown jewels?’ Lego asked the question, ‘What would the world miss if we were gone?’ And what they found was that people would miss the brick, the plastic brick. … The toys that didn’t have bricks in them were the toys that failed. People felt that if there was no brick, they had no reason to do business with Lego. They’d rather go to Fisher-Price or Mattel or Hasbro. Just asking that question, ‘What are our crown jewels?’ And then, for each of them, what would the world miss if it was gone? Then, going out and talking to those customers and watching them use the product. Watching kids play, or watching a contractor paint a house: That’s what you have to do to understand where other innovations might make that crown jewel more valuable to a customer. The Power of Little Ideas: A Low-Risk, High-Reward Approach to Innovation Supports K@W's Innovation Content Citing Knowledge@Wharton Close For Personal use: Please use the following citations to quote for personal use: MLA "How ‘Little Ideas’ Can Lead to Powerful Innovations." Knowledge@Wharton. The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania, 01 June, 2017. Web. 02 June, 2017 <http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/power-little-ideas/> APA How ‘Little Ideas’ Can Lead to Powerful Innovations. Knowledge@Wharton (2017, June 01). Retrieved from http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/power-little-ideas/ Chicago "How ‘Little Ideas’ Can Lead to Powerful Innovations" Knowledge@Wharton, June 01, 2017, accessed June 02, 2017. http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/power-little-ideas/ For Educational/Business use: Please contact us for repurposing articles, podcasts, or videos using our content licensing contact form. Additional Reading Innovation How LEGO Stopped Thinking Outside the Box and Innovated Inside the Brick LEGO has built a global empire and become a household name, thanks to the interlocking bricks that its founders developed half a century ago. But the company almost went belly up in the early 2000s due to an innovation binge Innovation Innovation Almost Bankrupted LEGO — Until It Rebuilt with a Better Blueprint After years of booming sales followed by a sudden slowdown, the LEGO Group went on an innovation binge, spinning its iconic plastic blocks into a number of new products and markets. Although its effort produced a few hits, the strategy Sponsored Content Assessing Private Equity Trends Worldwide Private equity remains bullish about China and Southeast Asia as firms spot opportunities in the shift to consumer-driven markets due to a growing middle class.   Join The Discussion No Comments So Far Log In or sign up to comment Knowledge@Wharton Partners View All Partners Partner Collaborations Become a Content Partner The Wharton School is committed to sharing its intellectual capital through the school’s online business journal, Knowledge@Wharton. Podcasts Hear what CEOs, Wharton faculty, and other commentators have to say about the latest business trends, breaking news and market research in their own words. Listen Now stay informed Get Knowledge@Wharton delivered to your inbox every week. Follow us on: Facebook Twitter  LinkedIn About Knowledge@Wharton Become a Content Partner Privacy Policy Feedback All materials copyright of the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Editors' Choice Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Facebook Twitter Search Search for Close Arrow_Path Plex NestCamIQ EssentialPhone MotoZ2Play HighTechCities Menu Home/ News & Analysis/ Rumor: Apple Planning Siri Speaker Rumor: Apple Planning Siri Speaker By Tom Brant June 1, 2017 01:16pm EST 10 Comments A standalone Siri speaker would help Apple better compete against the likes of Google Home and Amazon Echo, according to Bloomberg. Look for it at WWDC next week. Apple is set to bring Siri to a standalone speaker akin to the Google Home or Amazon Echo, according to Bloomberg. Apple could announce the Siri speaker at WWDC next week, although it wouldn't be ready to ship until later this year, Bloomberg reports, citing people familiar with the matter. Although Siri first launched in 2011, long before voice assistants from Google and Amazon, users must currently interact with it via Apple's existing products, including Macs, iPhones, and the Apple TV. Giving Siri its own dedicated speaker would allow Apple to ride the more recent phenomenon of always-listening voice assistants that can perform home automation tasks—via Apple's HomeKit protocol—in addition to looking up sports scores and reading weather reports. Apple did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Related With Cortana Speaker, Microsoft Is Again Late to the Party With Cortana Speaker, Microsoft Is Again Late to the Party While the rumored Apple speaker would directly compete with the Echo and Google Home, Siri has had a rudimentary ability to constantly listen and respond to "Hey, Siri" commands since the iPhone 6s was introduced in September 2015. But that experience falls far short of what a dedicated speaker offers, since it relies on your phone's speakers and microphone to do the listening and the talking. Rumors of a Siri speaker raises the question of what Microsoft has in the works to keep its Cortana voice assistant competitive. The Cortana-powered Harman Kardon Invoke speaker is one possibility. Announced last month, the Invoke is scheduled to ship this fall. This week, Microsoft also teased a digital assistant from HP, a small puck-like speaker akin to the Amazon Echo Dot. "The new HP digital assistant featuring Cortana is a standalone personal assistant device that does not need to connect to a Windows 10 PC to provide a complete intelligent speaker experience," Microsoft said in a statement to The Verge. It's unclear when it will go on sale. Back to top Previous : Paul Allen's Massive Stratolaunch Aircraft Emerges From Hang... The Latest Snapchat Rip-Off Is Skype Highlights Next : By Tom Brant Tom is PCMag's San Francisco-based news reporter. He got his start in technology journalism by reviewing the latest hard drives, keyboards, and much more for PCMag's sister site, Computer Shopper. As a freelancer, he's written on topics as diverse as Borneo's rain forests, Middle Eastern airlines, and big data's role in presidential elections. A graduate of Middlebury College, Tom also has a master's journalism degree from New York University. Follow him on Twitter @branttom. More » More Stories by Tom Built-In Chrome Ad Blocker Coming Early 2018 Google plans to block the most annoying advertisements in its Chrome browser, even those that run on... More » AT&T Offers Unlimited Data, DirecTV Now for $70 Per Month You can now add DirecTV to an AT&T unlimited mobile plan for just $10 extra per month, instead of th... More » JetBlue Tests Face Detection to Streamline Boarding The system is designed to eliminate both boarding passes and manual passport checks, and is integrat... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles How to Protect Your Privacy in Windows 10 10 Inventors Who Made No Money on Their Inventions 10 Seriously Bizarre PC Designs The Biggest Software Flops of All Time 9 Creepy Sounds Recorded in Space by NASA 14 High-Tech Cities You'll Want to Call Home »See More //Discover... The Best Laptops of 2017 26 Google Maps Tricks You Need to Try 19 Hidden Roku Tricks for Streaming Success »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com Speedtest.net PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. We have updated our PRIVACY POLICY and encourage you to read it by clicking here. ×
null
Skip to main content Menu Order MacBook Pro | iPhone 7 | Mac Pro | Shop: Cheap Wireless Plans Forums Skip to navigation Skip to content iMore Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 6s iPhone 6s Plus MacBook Pro Apple Watch Series 2 iOS 10 macOS Sierra iPad Pro (12.9-inch) iPad Pro (9.7-inch) Apps & Games Shop HOT ACCESSORY DEAL$ Digital Offers Best sellers New releases Cases and covers Chargers and cables Battery packs Screen Protectors Toggle Search Colors Plus New Nike 'Day to Night' Apple Watch Sports Bands now available! By Joseph Keller Thursday, Jun 1, 2017 at 12:15 pm EDT 0 Comments Nike is now offering a "Day to Night" collection of Apple Watch Sports Bands — go get 'em! Nike has launched a new, colorful collection of bands for the Apple Watch. This new collection is inspired by the Nike Air VaporMax Flyknit (Day to Night" collection of running shoes and all of the bands are all in the same perforated style that has so far defined the Nike Sports Bands. From Nike: The "Day to Night" collection celebrates runners whenever they choose to run – at twilight, sunset and everything in between. Each of the colors is inspired by a shade of the sky, from dawn to dusk, and allows runners to – for the first time – make a statement by matching their Apple Watch Nike+ bands to their footwear. Just as with the standard Apple and Nike Sports Bands for Apple Watch, the Day to Night collection is priced at $49 per band. You can get your hands on them on now from Nike's website or at select Nike retail locations. The bands will come to Apple's online store, Apple Stores, and authorized resellers later this month. The site is a little wonky right now, and I can't get the links to work, but that should be fixed soon. See at Nike Apple Watch watchOS 3 review Apple Watch Series 2 review Apple Watch buyers guide Apple Watch users guide Apple Watch news Apple Watch discussion Buy at Apple Reader comments New Nike 'Day to Night' Apple Watch Sports Bands now available! 0 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Menu Log in or Sign up Search Apple Apps & Games Accessories & Toys Photo & Video Health & Fitness Movies & Music Transport Security Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Podcasts Android Central WindowsCentral iMore CrackBerry Connectedly TeslaCentral VRHeads MrMobile Modern Dad About Contact Us Jobs Privacy & Terms Mobile Nations 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2017 Mobile Nations Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Careers: Writer | Dev Licensing External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
Bahrain KSA UAE Kuwait Qatar Oman Middle East GDN Online App available on App Store / Play Store 02 June 2017 ARCHIVES  |  SEARCH  |  POST ADS  |  ADVERTISE  |  SUBSCRIBE   |  LOGIN   |  CONTACT US NEWS Bahrain Middle East World BUSINESS Bahrain Middle East World SPORTS Football Cricket F1 Other Sports ENTERTAINMENT Hollywood Bollywood TV Celebs Reviews Leisure Scene Cinema TECH TALK HEALTH MOTORING OMG! OPINION Letters Comment ePAPER CLASSIFIEDS Apple readying Siri-powered home assistant Tech Talk AFP San Francisco: Apple is preparing to launch a connected speaker to serve as a smart home assistant in a challenge to Amazon Echo and Google Home, a news report said Thursday. The speaker powered by Apple's digital assistant Siri may be unveiled at the annual Worldwide Developers Conference next week in Silicon Valley, Bloomberg News reported. The new device - speculation about which has been swirling for months - could entice software makers to tailor applications or services for a broader array of Apple hardware. Like Echo and Home devices gaining traction in the market, an Apple home assistant could let people control lights or appliances and interact with the internet using voice commands. Apple did not reply to an AFP request for comment on the report. Amazon recently unveiled the latest member of its family of devices powered by its Alexa digital assistant - this one with a touchscreen. Amazon has dominated the category of connected speakers since 2014 when it introduced its first Echo, which responds to voice commands and allows users to order goods or rides and control connected appliances. A survey released last month by research firm eMarketer found Echo speakers held 70.6 percent of the US market, compared with 23.8 percent for Google Home and 5.6 percent for others including Lenovo, LG, Harmon Kardon and Mattel. Samsung-owned Harman Kardon meanwhile recently announced the release of an Invoke speaker powered by Microsoft's digital assistant Cortana and integrating Skype for making calls using the device. At its annual developers gathering in May, Google announced an array of new partnerships and capabilities for Home smart speakers. Meanwhile, Apple has been under pressure to wow the world with a new creation as its culture-changing iPhone is about to turn 10 years old. You Might Like Apple and Nokia see deeper partnership after ending patent dispute Google success in U.S. schools forces Microsoft, Apple to scramble Apple self-driving car testing plan gives clues to tech program The iPhone of cars? Apple enters self-driving car race Apple gets permit to test self-driving cars More Tech Talk An alert researcher, teamwork helped stem huge cyberattack Apple self-driving car testing plan gives clues to tech program Ashraf’s unveils Sony α9 camera Beware! Clicking random links on Whatsapp could install malware on your phone Beware! Google warns of email scam that impersonates Google Docs China tests 'Lunar Palace' as it eyes moon mission China, Japan extract combustible ice from sea floor Dish unveils $999 system to make live online video easier Facebook knows a lot about you, here's how you can find it Facebook moves to curb violent videos NEWS BAHRAIN MIDDLE EAST WORLD BUSINESS BAHRAIN MIDDLE EAST INTERNATIONAL SPORTS FOOTBALL CRICKET F1 OTHER SPORTS ENTERTAINMENT HOLLYWOOD BOLLYWOOD TV CELEBS REVIEWS LEISURE SCENE CINEMA TECH TALK HEALTH MOTORING OMG OPINION LETTERS COMMENT EDITIONS BAHRAIN SAUDIARABIA UAE KUWAIT QATAR OMAN MIDDLE EAST ePAPER CLASSIFIEDS ADVERTISE TERMS OF USE READERS POLICIES PRIVACY POLICY ABOUT US CONTACT US GULF DAILY NEWS P.O.Box 5300, Manama, Kingdom of Bahrain NEWSROOM Phone: +973 17 620 222 Fax: +973 17 622 141 Email: gdnnews@gdn.com.bh ADVERTISING Phone: 973 17 293 131 Fax: +973 17 293 400 Email: alison.lillywhite@tradearabia.net CLASSIFIEDS Phone: +973 17 299 110 Email: classifieds@tradearabia.net SUBSCRIPTION Phone: +973 17 290 000 Email: gdnhd@tradearabia.net ©Copyright 2017 gdnonline.com - Kingdom of Bahrain. Website / App designed & developed by North Star Technologies.
Apps iPhone Apps iPad Apps Mac Apps Apple TV Apps Apple Watch Apps The Best Apps Tutorials Jailbreak Jailbreak Tweaks Jailbreak Guide Unlock Guide Deals Latest Deals Devices iPhone iPad Mac Apple Watch Apple TV More Download Wallpapers iPhone Photography Expert Tips Podcasts Nike’s new sneaker-matching Apple Watch bands now available for purchase Anthony Bouchard on June 1, 2017 4 A significant number of new Nike Apple Watch band colors are now available for purchase from Nike’s Website, signifying an expansion of the Apple/Nike partnership. The four new colors are intended to match that of Nike‘s Air VaporMax Flyknit ‘Day to Night’ shoe lineup, giving users a way to match their tech to their shoes in style. Among the different new color choices are: Light violet/white Blue orbit/gamma blue Violet dust/plug fog Indigo/black Like all Nike Apple Watch Sport bands of the past, these new colors are available online via Nike’s website for $49.00 for both 38mm and 42mm Apple Watches and fit all models. They’re all made from the same sweat-resistant fluoroelastomer material as every other Sport band ever made, so they’re just as comfortable during workouts and everyday life. The new Nike bands aren’t available on Apple’s website yet, but some Nike retail stores and authorized re-sellers around the world may also begin carrying the new band colors on their shelves in early June; their availability will be limited to select areas and not available to everyone in this manner. Fortunately, there’s no indication that these new Nike Apple Watch bands are limited edition like the NikeLab was. This means you won’t have to rush to buy it ASAP like you had to with the NikeLab. As of this writing, many of the new Nike bands for Apple Watch seem to have already sold out of their initial stocks online. Since other sources are expected to begin selling the new bands at a later date this month, stocks should be replenished not too long in the future. In the meantime, you can pick up a pair of matching Air Vapormax Flynit shoes for $190 on Nike’s website starting today. Will you be picking up one of the new Nike Apple Watch bands? Share in the comments section below! Tagged: Accessories Apple Apple Watch Band Fitness News Nike watchOS MORE FROM iDB Check out Nike’s four new Sports bands for Apple Watch Twelve South’s new ActionSleeve for Apple Watch is designed for the active lifestyle Apple drops Apple Watch price to $299 as it introduces new bands nova12 42mm all sold out. Wow. Anthony Bouchard Right?! I felt the same way when I visited the website to look at the NikeLab watch. It was sold out before I got to it. nova12 I guess all those people who say the watch is a fail really nailed it lol Ramon Wish we could also get the nike watch faces with these bands. Featured Latest Daily Deals: $82 Holy Stone HD drone, $52 Logitech gaming mouse, and more Mad Max, Pulp Fiction and other iTunes movies on sale right now Jailbreak tweaks of the week: LaunchInSafeMode, Thumbtack, & more… SpotAngels, Ditty, Gaia GPS, and other apps to check out this weekend The best 4K monitors Daily Deals: $82 Holy Stone HD drone, $52 Logitech gaming mouse, and more Apple’s free app of the week: The Robot Factory How to always open Safari in a private window Apple begins decorating McEnery Convention Center ahead of WWDC 2017 Expand iPad’s Picture-in-Picture feature with PiPifier Jailbreak News DetailedCellularUsage reveals hidden items in your iPhone’s cellular usage report Allow guests to sign into your iPhone or iPad with Guest Mode 2 Toka replaces Home screen’s Today widgets with missed notifications Revamp your Lock screen’s battery charging display with Charge Colorize your iPhone’s toggle switches with SwitchTint Apps Apple’s free app of the week: The Robot Factory Expand iPad’s Picture-in-Picture feature with PiPifier How to stop Mail app from downloading all attachments on Mac Apple updating Swift Playgrounds with support for robots, drones, and instruments Skype is getting a major redesign with Snapchat-like features Accessories Nike’s new sneaker-matching Apple Watch bands now available for purchase Twelve South’s BookArc stand for Apple notebooks now available in Space Gray Apple’s begun manufacturing its Siri speaker ahead of WWDC Elgato debuts Eve Degree HomeKit sensor [video review] Former Android chief unveils edge-to-edge phone and Echo-like speaker Deals Withings Activité Steel Activity Tracker Watch for $89 Withings Pulse O2 Activity Tracker for $69 Pagico 8.7 for $19 Newsletter Get updates directly into your inbox. Subscribe Download the iDB app About | Contact | Advertise | Disclosure | Privacy Policy 2017 © iDownloadBlog.com - This website is not affiliated with Apple. Home Apps Tutorials Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Downloads Wallpapers Accessories Deals Podcasts Write for iDB Contact Us
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: How Apple can put the ‘Pro’ in the iPad Pro [Video] Trending in Apple Poll: Will you buy the iPhone 8 with or without embedded Touch ID, or will you wait? Trending in Apple Opinion: Is Microsoft leading Apple in PC innovation, or is it all gimmickry? Trending in Apple Comment: Google and ASUS provide a glimpse of the AR features we might see in the iPhone 8 Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Yesterday AAPL: 153.18 0.42 Happy Hour Podcast 122 | Latest WWDC rumors and iOS 11 wishlist Zac Hall - Jun. 1st 2017 10:56 am PT @apollozac Happy Hour Podcast View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit This week Benjamin and Zac discuss more evidence new MacBook Pros are coming, the first rumor of a new Magic Keyboard, Carpool Karaoke’s release date on Apple Music, the WWDC podcast studio and what it might suggest, and our iOS 11 wishlist ahead of WWDC 2017. 9to5Mac’s Happy Hour podcast is available for download on iTunes and Apple’s Podcasts app, or through our dedicated RSS feed for Overcast and other podcast players. Sony A6500 New episodes of Happy Hour are available every week. As mentioned, you can download this podcast via iTunes or plug in our RSS feed link into your favorite podcasting app. Note: Subscribing to the podcast feed will guarantee the latest episode is downloaded as soon as possible. Hosts: Benjamin Mayo Zac Hall Here’s what we discussed in this episode: 15-inch MacBook Pro delivery times slip until after WWDC, hardware updates expected Eurasian filings indicate new MacBooks, iPads and Apple Magic Keyboard coming at WWDC Apple announces Carpool Karaoke spin-off debuting August 8 on Apple Music Apple updates WWDC app with new theme, curated playlists, and interactive maps Apple to let podcasters record 60-minute episodes at on-site WWDC 2017 studio, reservation required Comment: How Apple can put the ‘Pro’ in the iPad Pro [Video] Feature Request: Multiple timers with labels, Continuity, and Mac support Feature Request: Meal logging from Apple’s Health app Feature Request: Choosing default and Control Center apps Feedback? Drop us a line at happyhour@9to5mac.com. Remember: Subscribe on iTunes to catch all of the episodes as they go live and thanks for listening! Zac Hall @apollozac Zac covers Apple news and product reviews for 9to5Mac, contributes to 9to5Google, and hosts the weekly 9to5Mac Happy Hour podcast. Favorite Gear Nanoleaf Aurora DJI Phantom 4 Sonos Play:5 Guides 9to5Mac Happy Hour Podcast A weekly podcast discussing the latest in Apple and technology. View THe Guide Podcast View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Login All Reviews Editorials News Apple Decks Out McEnry Convention Center for WWDC 2017 Apple Opens Up Swift Playgrounds to Drones, Robots, Musical Instruments: LEGO MINDSTORMS, Sphero, Parrot More Geeky Gifts for Dads and Grads Tips Safari: How to Check for Malicious Extensions How to Set Up iCloud Calendar for Alexa Podcasts Apple's Big WWDC Keynote Plans, Siri Speaker vs Sonos - TMO Daily Observations 2017-06-01 Carpool Karaoke on Apple Music Is Good, Woz Is Cool, AI Chips Are Important - ACM 413 View All Results → macOS: Speedifier Lets You Control Video Speed In Safari Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! View All Reviews → Monday's Apple WWDC Keynote Just Got Even More Exciting How AIs, like Siri, Could Become Our Proxy Shoppers Apple Could Own Device-Centric AI with Custom Chip The Touchbar MacBook Pro is a Disposable Embarrassment Dr. Mac's Gifts for Dads and Grads 2017 View All Editorials → Apple’s Big WWDC Keynote Plans, Siri Speaker vs Sonos – TMO Daily Observations 2017-06-01 Jeff Gamet @jgamet · +Jeff Gamet Jun 1st, 2017 1:13 PM EDT | The Mac Observer's Daily Observations Podcast Bryan Chaffin and Dave Hamilton join Jeff Gamet to talk about how today’s announcements from Apple mean we’re in store for some big WWDC announcements, plus they discuss how the rumored Siri Speaker may be a Sonos competitor. MP3 Feed Feedback TDO 2017-06-01: Apple's Big WWDC Keynote Plans 1:13 PM Jun. 1st, 2017 — Download: MP3 Version (AAC Version Coming Soon) Bryan Chaffin and Dave Hamilton join Jeff Gamet to talk about how today’s announcements from Apple mean we’re in store for some big WWDC announcements,... Monday’s Apple WWDC Keynote Just got Even More Exciting Apple’s Developer Payouts Top $70 Billion Apple’s Rumored Siri Speaker Likely Targets Sonos, Too TMO Daily Observations Twitter feed The Mac Observer's WWDC 2017 coverage sponsored by: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Print Tumblr Tags: Apple, keynote, podcast, Siri speaker, sonos, WWDC, wwdc2017 Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Monday's Apple WWDC Keynote Just Got Even More Exciting Bryan Chaffin | June 1, 2017 Why Apple's WWDC Event is Even More Important in 2017 John Martellaro | June 1, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Are you the Resident Geek for your friends, family and co-workers? If so, you might enjoy hanging out with other like-minded folks on the Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group. Come join the fun! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $153.18 +0.42 (0.27%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store 18202 Jeff Gamet tmo-daily-observations 0 1496322829 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
Login All Reviews Editorials News Apple Decks Out McEnry Convention Center for WWDC 2017 Apple Opens Up Swift Playgrounds to Drones, Robots, Musical Instruments: LEGO MINDSTORMS, Sphero, Parrot More Geeky Gifts for Dads and Grads Tips Safari: How to Check for Malicious Extensions How to Set Up iCloud Calendar for Alexa Podcasts Apple's Big WWDC Keynote Plans, Siri Speaker vs Sonos - TMO Daily Observations 2017-06-01 Carpool Karaoke on Apple Music Is Good, Woz Is Cool, AI Chips Are Important - ACM 413 View All Results → macOS: Speedifier Lets You Control Video Speed In Safari Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! View All Reviews → Monday's Apple WWDC Keynote Just Got Even More Exciting How AIs, like Siri, Could Become Our Proxy Shoppers Apple Could Own Device-Centric AI with Custom Chip The Touchbar MacBook Pro is a Disposable Embarrassment Dr. Mac's Gifts for Dads and Grads 2017 View All Editorials → Apple’s Developer Payouts Top $70 Billion Jeff Gamet @jgamet · +Jeff Gamet 1 minute read Jun 1st, 2017 10:57 AM EDT | News Developers selling apps through Apple’s App Store have been paid over US$70 billion since it first launched in 2008. Apple shared that detail only a couple days ahead of its annual Worldwide Developer Conference, which kicks off on Monday, June 4th. App Store developer payments top $70B Based on the 30% cut Apple takes from App Store sales, that’s about $30 billion in the company’s coffers. Apple senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing Phil Schiller said, Seventy billion dollars earned by developers is simply mind-blowing. We are amazed at all of the great new apps our developers create and can’t wait to see them again next week at our Worldwide Developers Conference. Active paid subscriptions are up 58% year over year. App Store downloads are on the increase, too, jumping 70% over the past 12 months. The timing of Apple’s announcement is anything but coincidence. Third party apps are the blood flowing through macOS and iOS’s veins and Apple is reinforcing its symbiotic relationship with developers through the App Store ahead of next week’s conference. WWDC is Apple’s annual event where developers get to see what’s coming in the next major macOS, iOS, watchOS, and tvOS releases. They also get to spend time with Apple’s own engineers and learn more about coding for those platforms. Along with previews of macOS 10.13, iOS 11, watchOS 4, and tvOS 11, Apple is expected to show off new hardware during its Monday morning keynote. Rumors point to a Touch Bar MacBook Pro refresh, and the unveiling of a 10.5-inch iPad Pro and the Siri Speaker. The Mac Observer will be on location in San Jose next week for WWDC, so be sure to follow along with our event coverage and analysis. The Mac Observer's WWDC 2017 coverage sponsored by: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Print Tumblr Tags: App Store, developers, iPhone, Mac, WWDC, wwdc2017 You might also like… Get Free Bitcoins from 23 Faucets That Pay The Touchbar MacBook Pro is a Disposable Embarrassment The 5 Best PC Motherboards for Creating a Hackintosh The 5 Best Hackintosh Graphics Cards Apple’s Rumored Siri Speaker Targets Sonos, Too Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Monday's Apple WWDC Keynote Just Got Even More Exciting Bryan Chaffin | June 1, 2017 Why Apple's WWDC Event is Even More Important in 2017 John Martellaro | June 1, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Have a tech question? Visit our Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group and have the tech support brilliance of the entire Mac Geek Gab community at your fingertips! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $153.18 +0.42 (0.27%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Apple Decks Out McEnry Convention Center for WWDC 2017 Apple Opens Up Swift Playgrounds to Drones, Robots, Musical Instruments: LEGO MINDSTORMS, Sphero, Parrot More Geeky Gifts for Dads and Grads Plex Adds Live TV Viewing to iPhone, iPad Apple's Developer Payouts Top $70 Billion Recent Tips See All » Safari: How to Check for Malicious Extensions How to Set Up iCloud Calendar for Alexa The 5 Best Hackintosh Graphics Cards macOS: Archiving Old Contacts Get Free Bitcoins from 23 Faucets That Pay Recent Editorials See All » Monday's Apple WWDC Keynote Just Got Even More Exciting Why Apple's WWDC Event is Even More Important in 2017 A Bezel-less iPhone 8 Will Change How Photos Look Apple’s Rumored Siri Speaker Targets Sonos, Too How AIs, like Siri, Could Become Our Proxy Shoppers 18173 Jeff Gamet news 0 1496314635 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
Neowin Login Sign up News Latest Microsoft Google Apple Software Google wants to fix online advertisement with a new Chrome that automatically blocks ads 25 minutes ago Windows 7 user base on Steam continues to rise as Windows 10 falls to 50.01% 41 minutes ago Microsoft explains why it unintentionally released Windows 10 build 16212 today 3 hours ago No new Windows 10 Insider Preview builds this week while Microsoft fixes today's fiasco 4 hours ago View all recent news Windows 7 user base on Steam continues to rise as Windows 10 falls to 50.01% 40 minutes ago Microsoft explains why it unintentionally released Windows 10 build 16212 today 3 hours ago No new Windows 10 Insider Preview builds this week while Microsoft fixes today's fiasco 4 hours ago Round two: More accidental 16212 builds show up on Windows phones 5 hours ago View all Microsoft news Google launches new Gmail security measures to fight spam and phishing 16 hours ago Arrow Launcher gets updated to version 3.5 for beta testers, adding a bunch of new features May 31, 2017 Huawei will be selling the unlocked Honor 6X in Target stores in the US May 31, 2017 Andy Rubin's new Essential Phone has a nearly bezel-less display and modular accessories May 30, 2017 View all Google news Apple has paid out $70 billion to app developers since 2008 launch 6 hours ago Windows 10 market share continues to increase as XP falls below 7% for the first time 17 hours ago A new Outlook for Mac Insider Preview is now available for Fast ring users Jun 1, 2017 Apple may announce a Siri-powered speaker next week, but it won't ship until later this year May 31, 2017 View all Apple news qBittorrent 3.3.13 10 hours ago CPU-Z 1.79.1 12 hours ago OpenShot Video Editor 2.3.4 14 hours ago LameXP 4.15 20 hours ago View all software news Features Reviews Editorials Unboxings Trending Review: The best of both worlds, Samsung's new convertible wireless charger May 24, 2017 Bluboo Edge review: A curved screen gimmick on an entry-level smartphone May 21, 2017 Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Ultrabook review: No touchscreen, but has everything else [UPDATED] May 16, 2017 Samsung Galaxy S8+ (Exynos) review May 9, 2017 View all reviews Looking back: In 2016, Microsoft became one of the most exciting companies in the tech world Dec 31, 2016 Redmond delights: 10 reasons to be excited about Microsoft's future Nov 14, 2016 Editorial - When replacing your Samsung Galaxy Note7, consider these replacement options Oct 16, 2016 Editorial - Horde 3.0 changed my mind about Gears of War 4 Sep 7, 2016 View all editorials HTC U Ultra unboxing and first impressions Apr 16, 2017 End of the road: Microsoft terminates support for Windows Vista today Apr 11, 2017 HP EliteBook x360 G2 unboxing and first impressions Apr 4, 2017 HP Spectre x360 with pen and 4K display unboxing and first impressions Apr 4, 2017 View all unboxings Microsoft reveals "next generation of Skype", launching on Android; iOS and Windows later 15 hours ago Microsoft accidentally releases Windows 10 Mobile build 16212 to Insiders [Update] 9 hours ago Microsoft explains why it unintentionally released Windows 10 build 16212 today 3 hours ago The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion, Fallout 3, and Fallout: NV are now available DRM-free on GOG 15 hours ago View all trending news Forums Deals Recent Highlights Interests On a Budget Get this Complete Python Programming Bundle at 93% off via Neowin Deals - now just $79 18 hours ago Get this Unity System Samsung S8 Mount & Case Bundle for just $21.99 May 31, 2017 Get the Cisco CCNA Training Suite for just $39 via Neowin Deals May 30, 2017 Get this Sinji Panoramic Smart WiFi Camera for just $59.99 via Neowin Deals May 29, 2017 View all recent deals Best Sellers Pay What You Want Gear + Gadgets Software Bundles View all Neowin Deals For Developers Productivity Accessories E-Learning View all Neowin Deals Under $20 Freebies Giveaways View all Neowin Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ Apple may announce a Siri-powered speaker next week, but it won't ship until later this year By Rich Woods Neowin LLC @@TheRichWoods · May 31, 2017 with 10 comments On Monday, Apple will kick off its annual developer conference, WWDC 2017. While the firm will announce its usual updates to its operating systems, it might also announce a new standalone Siri-powered speaker, similar to Google's Home, Amazon's Echo, and Harman Kardon's Cortana-powered Invoke. The report comes from Bloomberg, and the device has allegedly already entered production. Unfortunately for those that want to get their hands on such a speaker, it won't ship until later on this year. The speaker will offer "virtual surround sound technology", which would be a differentiator from its competitors. Naturally, its other differentiators would be Apple services, such as Apple Music, and integration with the company's devices. The firm will also likely offer developers the opportunity to implement third-party "skills" with the device, as its competitors already do. This is why WWDC seems like a natural time for Apple to announce such a device, as it's a developer conference, even if the speaker isn't slated to actually be released until the end of the year. Nevertheless, Apple should have quite a bit lined up for its day one keynote on Monday. Aside from major updates to iOS, macOS, watchOS, and tvOS, the company is also rumored to be announcing new hardware, including new iPad Pros and new MacBooks. Tags Apple Siri Siri speaker Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Follow @TwitterDev Previous Story Microsoft Planner app for Office 365 users now available for Android too Next Story Kingsoft backtracks on halting WPS Office for Linux Community Activity Refresh Logitech MX Master 2S and MX Anywhere 2S mice announced in Front Page News Google wants to fix online advertisement with a new Chrome that automatically blocks ads in Front Page News FTC says refunds now available from Amazon for unauthorised in-app purchases in Front Page News Windows 7 user base on Steam continues to rise as Windows 10 falls to 50.01% in Front Page News The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion, Fallout 3, and Fallout: NV are now available DRM-free on GOG in Front Page News CSS in Programming (C#, C++, JAVA, VB, .NET etc.) Microsoft explains why it unintentionally released Windows 10 build 16212 today in Front Page News any screen recording software ? in Software Discussion & Support Advertisement Trending Stories Microsoft reveals "next generation of Skype", launching on Android; iOS and Windows later 15 hours ago with 46 comments Microsoft accidentally releases Windows 10 Mobile build 16212 to Insiders [Update] 9 hours ago with 14 comments Browser market share remains almost unchanged as Chrome continues to dominate 18 hours ago with 21 comments The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion, Fallout 3, and Fallout: NV are now available DRM-free on GOG 14 hours ago with 10 comments Related Stories Apple's new-but-ancient 32GB iPhone 6 launches in the UK, priced at £399 SIM-free May 25, 2017 Apple seeds betas for iOS 10.3.3, macOS 10.12.6, watchOS 3.2.3, and tvOS 10.2.2 May 16, 2017 Siri saves a man's life by calling the authorities for help May 15, 2017 Reports suggest Apple very likely to unveil new 10.5-inch iPad at WWDC May 14, 2017 Show Comments 10 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first (thread view) Sort by newest first (thread view) Sort by oldest first (linear view) Sort by newest first (linear view) Advertisement Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] deals UltraBright 500-Lumen Tactical Military Flashlight: 2-Pack $100.00 $17.99 82% off Ivacy VPN: Lifetime Subscription $1,434.00 $29.95 98% off PureVPN: Lifetime Subscription $597.00 $89.00 85% off Cybersecurity Certification Mega Bundle $999.00 $69.00 93% off Private Internet Access VPN: 2-Yr Subscription $166.00 $59.95 64% off review The best of both worlds: Samsung's new convertible wireless charger convertible review Bluboo Edge: A curved screen gimmick on an entry-level smartphone bluboo edge review cshell, feature2 and the future Microsoft's Windows 10 mobile plans are becoming clearer windows 10 mobile always connected Microsoft and Qualcomm announce Windows 10 'Mobile PCs' with Snapdragon 835 snapdragon 835 codename 'northstar' Images emerge of Microsoft's cancelled 'Lumia 960' flagship lumia 960 Microsoft reveals the "next generation of Skype" across all major platforms skype First Xbox Insider build for Version 1706 rolls out to Alpha ring alpha ring VIDEO Hands on with the MateBook D, E and X, Huawei's new Windows 10 devices huawei INTERVIEW Talking AI-powered, human-refined translation with Unbabel's CEO unbabel Microsoft shows off new Windows Mixed Reality headsets from ASUS, Dell and Lenovo windows mixed reality Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
Share 1 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-06-01 Netflix CEO Reed Hastings Going Stir-Crazy, Thinks Company Needs More Failures [Opinion] Entertainment 2017-06-01 Ed Sheeran And James Corden Tease New ‘Carpool Karaoke’ On ‘The Late Late Show’ Entertainment 2017-06-01 Lisa Kudrow: Sexist Secrets From The Set Of ‘Friends’ And ‘Romy And Michele’ Entertainment 2017-06-01 John Legend Wants ‘Underground’ Revived, Says He ‘Feels Ariana Grande’s Pain’ After Manchester News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-06-02 Illinois Senate Passes Trampoline Bill Instead Of State Budget News 2017-06-01 Disney CEO Bob Iger Resigns From President’s Advisory Council After Exit From Paris Accord News 2017-06-01 Newborn Baby Dies After Los Angeles Woman Gives Birth Following Car Crash, Police Arrest DUI Driver News 2017-06-01 Hollywood Bowl: Bomb Scare At Dead & Company Show Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Soccer 2017-06-01 Cristiano Ronaldo Vs Lionel Messi? Real Madrid Star Finally Opens Up About His Relationship With Barcelona Ace Basketball 2017-06-01 Savannah Brinson Pictures: Wife Of LeBron James Gives Intimate Glimpse Into Their Private Life Wrestling 2017-06-01 WWE Rumors: ‘Extreme Rules’ 2017 Results Spoilers Revealed By Latest Betting Odds, Surprise Fatal 5-Way Winner Wrestling 2017-06-01 CM Punk Offered $1 Million To Return To The Wrestling Ring — Ryback Comments On The Deal Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-05-30 Outrage Over Pregnancy Test Shaming: Supermarket Forces Women To Ask Permission To Buy Pregnancy Tests [Opinion] Lifestyle 2017-05-25 National Wine Day: Quotes, GIFs, Recipes, And More Lifestyle 2017-05-24 Memorial Day 2017: Freebies, Discounts, Deals, & More Lifestyle 2017-05-21 Tired Of Being Single? Embrace ‘Sologamy’ And Marry Yourself Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-05-30 Depressed? Stay Off Instagram Or Use New Relieved App Instead Health 2017-05-27 Lazarus Syndrome Cases Grossly Underreported, Some Scientists Suggest Passive Monitoring After Death Health 2017-05-26 Penis Transplant In South Africa Gives Patient The Right Organ With The Wrong Color Health 2017-05-25 Magic Mushrooms Are ‘Safest’ Recreational Drug Says New Study, But How Safe Are They? Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-06-01 Nintendo Delays Switch Online Paid Service To 2018, Changes Classic Game Service Policy And Shares Pricing Gaming 2017-06-01 Ubisoft Teases E3 2017 Reveals Of ‘Assassin’s Creed’, New Franchise, And More Gaming 2017-06-01 ‘Minecraft’ Discovery Update Hits Pocket And Win 10 Editions, Adds Marketplace, Mansions, And More Gaming 2017-06-01 ‘The Lost Arcade’: A Documentary For Gamers [Opinion] BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-06-01 Walmart Set To Release Jelly Donut Oreos This Weekend In A Sweet Ode To National Donut Day BuzzWorthy 2017-06-01 Is the First Lady Getting Fashion Revenge On The American Fashion Designers Who Refused To Dress Her? BuzzWorthy 2017-06-01 Convicted Serial Killer Karla Homolka Volunteered At Her Kids’ Elementary School, Other Parents Furious BuzzWorthy 2017-06-01 Will Melania And Barron Trump Move To The White House On June 7, 2017? ‘In The Coming Weeks,’ Says White House SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss MacBook Pro 2017 Release Date: Why It’s A Good Idea To Wait Until Next Week Before Buying A Laptop Gadgets 1 0 0 June 1, 2017 MacBook Pro 2017 Release Date: Why It’s A Good Idea To Wait Until Next Week Before Buying A Laptop Mark Jason Alcala Prospective laptop buyers should probably wait a bit more before making their purchase. If speculations are indeed correct, the highly anticipated MacBook Pro 2017 release date could be revealed very soon. Buyers hunting for the perfect professional-grade laptop might want to heed the recommendation of Tech Radar to wait just for a few more days. According to the publication, there are hints that Apple could be unveiling the newest MacBook Pro 2017 release date during the upcoming WWDC 2017 conference. And that’s only a few days from now. The Apple Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) is an annual event started by the tech giant in 1990 and used as a venue to showcase its latest technological products such as the latest software as well as the newest models for its numerous gadget lines. This year, the WWDC 2017 is scheduled this coming June 5 to 9 and, according to numerous speculations, the event would be used to launch the 2017 model of its premiere laptop line, the MacBook Pro. At the moment, it even appears that Apple is subtly telling buyers to postpone their laptop purchases for a few more days. Keen-eyed observers were quick to note that the delivery dates for the current 15-inch MacBook Pro in its online store have been pushed out. Apple is offering a very delayed free delivery by June 6-8 which, incidentally, is right in the middle of the WWDC event. Apple hints you should wait to buy that MacBook Pro https://t.co/TxYrfsomFE pic.twitter.com/53CcPt0Hht — Engadget (@engadget) May 31, 2017 However, it appears that only the free delivery dates for the 15-inch MacBook Pro model are delayed. For instance, Apple will still deliver for free within 24 hours for purchases of the 13-inch models. This presents the possibility that the tech giant could be planning to unveil a new version in the coming WWDC 2017 but only for the 15-inch model, according to MacRumors. In past releases, Apple opted to stagger the launch of different models of the MacBook Pro. For instance, the 15-inch model of the laptop was released in June, 2012, while the 13-inch model was launched only by October of the same year. Of course, the delayed delivery for the current 15-inch MacBook model could also be caused by other factors not necessarily related to the rumored release of the 2017 version. A possible explanation is that supply for the 13-inch model is plentiful resulting in a prompt delivery for online orders while its 15-inch counterpart might be a bit scarce at the moment. Here’s one more sign the MacBook Pro 2017 could be announced next week https://t.co/viFKd0d1yX pic.twitter.com/4pGzrx4lNT — ModernMSP (@ModernMsp) May 31, 2017 As far as specs of the upcoming MacBook Pro 2017, there are exciting rumors saying that the new laptop could come with a more powerful processor. According to MacWorld, there are speculations that the new laptop will feature Kaby Lake processors as well as a new chip designed by Apple that could address its power performance issues. Apple is also expected to unveil a host of new products aside from the MacBook Pro 2017. For instance, there are speculations saying that the company may use the event to showcase a new iPad Pro to replace the current 9.7-inch model. The new iPad is expected to have a higher-resolution display, which is probably a well-timed move considering that that iPad Pro line is over a year old. While it may or may not be true, rumors of the MacBook Pro 2017 to be launched in the coming WWDC event have become pretty widespread. To the prospective laptop buyer, it might be a wise move to hold off buying for a bit a wait for a couple more days to see what surprises Apple has in store in the coming WWDC. [Featured Image by Stephen Lam/Getty Images] Share 1 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Contributor Mark Jason Alcala Tags: 2017 MacBook Pro, Apple May 28, 2017 Mike Pence Approval Ratings Tank As Republican Voters Leave In Droves May 28, 2017 Trey Gowdy May Have Implicated Himself In Trump Russia, While Facing Ethics Complaints Comments LATEST HEADLINES Is Taylor Swift Dating Joe Alwyn? Insiders Reveal New Details On Pop Star’s Secret Romance [Rumors] Illinois Senate Passes Trampoline Bill Instead Of State Budget See Megyn Kelly In Sexy Dress And Platform Heels Chatting With Vladimir Putin Resorts World Manila Attack: Gunman Commits Suicide, Robbery Not Terrorism ‘Fear The Walking Dead’ Season 3 Premiere Opens With Several Main Characters Captured By A New Group Cristiano Ronaldo Vs Lionel Messi? Real Madrid Star Finally Opens Up About His Relationship With Barcelona Ace ‘Playboy’ Model Dani Mathers Claims She’s Received Death Threats Following Body Shaming Debacle Are You A Fan Of ‘Game Of Thrones’? Well, Harvard Now Offers A Class ‘Dragon Ball Super’ Episode 94: Sidra Tries To Destroy Frieza As Trunks/Goten Sit In For Android 17 Savannah Brinson Pictures: Wife Of LeBron James Gives Intimate Glimpse Into Their Private Life Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Trending Stories ‘Little People, Big World’: Zach And Tori Roloff Confirm Baby Jackson Has Dwarfism [Update] 19.9k 0 0 Odd Trump Tweet About #Covfefe Goes Viral, And Comics Like James Corden Add To Hilarity [Updated] 18.5k 0 0 Hello Nurse! ‘Animaniacs’ Reboot Returns Pinky And The Brain And Other Warner Characters To TV 19.9k 0 0 Study Shows Smokeless Cigarettes May Cause More Cancer Than Ordinary Cigarettes, And Philip Morris Isn’t Happy 12.3k 0 0 Hillary Clinton And Donald Trump Take Shots At Each Other On Twitter 10.3k 0 0 Roger Waters Brings Powerful Anti-Trump Message On New Tour, Offending Some Fans 79.8k 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr.
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars TECH Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable MORE Entertainment Science Health Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars Tech   Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable More   Entertainment Science Health Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Apple’s Swift Playgrounds gets robot hook-up with LEGO, Parrot, more Chris Davies - Jun 1, 2017 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Swift Playgrounds, Apple’s software developing toolkit intended to encourage kids to learn code, is breaking out of the iPad and connecting with educational toys from LEGO, Parrot, and more. Launched at WWDC 2016 a year ago, Swift Playgrounds took Apple’s programming language and wrapped it up in an iPad app that aimed to be equal parts education and entertainment. Now, the fruits of Swift Playgrounds will be able to engage with devices in the real-world. In an update due next week, there’ll be support for select third-party robotics devices and more. Using Bluetooth, the iPad will be able to connect directly to LEGO’s MINDSTORMS Education EV3, Sphero’s SPRK+ ball-shaped robot, Parrot’s drones, UBTECH’s Jimu Robot MeeBot Kit, Wonder Workshop’s Dash, and the Skoog cube. After that, code created in Swift Playgrounds on that iPad will be able to instantly control the wirelessly-paired device. The goal, Apple says, is to make the immediate impact of software more obvious, not to mention more engaging. While some young people take readily to the idea of coding on a display, others might respond better when they see a physical manifestation of their programming. According to the Cupertino company, currently more than a million children and adults are using Swift Playgrounds around the world. “Now they can instantly see the code they create and directly control their favorite robots, drones and instruments through Swift Playgrounds,” Craig Federighi, senior vice president of Software Engineering at Apple said today. “It’s an incredibly exciting and powerful way to learn.” For instance, with a LEGO MINDSTORMS Education EV3 kit, apps created in Swift Playgrounds will be able to set DIY robots walking, scurrying, and rolling across the desktop, while robotic arms will be able to grab items and more. The apps will have access to the MINDSTORMS sensors, too, for more complex interactions. Similarly, Sphero’s SPRK+ robotic ball will open up its motors, lights, and sensors to Swift Playgrounds. From Parrot’s line-up, the Mambo, Airborne, and Rolling Spider drones will all be compatible, including everything from takeoff to landing with aerial stunts along the way. UBTECH’s LEGO-esque robot will fully controllable, as will the blob-like robot from Wonder Workshop. Finally, Skoog’s music-centric cube controller will offer an unusual interface for physically controlling software. It’s a big advance for the software suite – one of the goals of which, of course, is to encourage kids to get started on an Apple-friendly programming language – but also an unusual time to announce it. Apple says that Swift Playgrounds 1.5 with all this support for third-party devices will be available as a free download from the App Store come Monday, June 5th. That’s the first day of WWDC 2017, and indeed you might have expected Apple to save this news until its annual developer event, just as you could’ve expected its App Store payout milestone to be a feature of the opening keynote. That it hasn’t does lend some credence to the idea that the keynote will be jam-packed with other things. Believed to be on the cards are new MacBook Pro models, new macOS accessories, and new iPad Pro tablets. If you can’t wait for the latter, you’ll be able to run Swift Playgrounds 1.5 on any iPad Air and iPad Pro models, or the iPad mini 2 and later, running iOS 10 or later. Tags AppleeducationallegoParrotRoboticsSpheroSwift Must Read Bits & Bytes Trump pulls US from Paris Agreement: Elon Musk quits councils as tech firms react Pokemon GO Update with Promo Codes event [Try these!] HTC U11 Review: You won’t buy this, but you should Elon Musk will quit Trump’s councils if US leaves Paris Agreement Nest Cam IQ intros lossless zoom and facial recognition: Hands-on Latest Headlines LG Pay finally launches, in Korea only for now Jun 2, 2017 OneLogin attacker may have gotten ability to decrypt data Jun 1, 2017 Nintendo Switch Online service will be delayed Jun 1, 2017 Galaxy S8 Pirates of the Caribbean Edition is official (and hard to get) Jun 1, 2017 Canon EOS C200 and C200B cinema cameras arrive in August Jun 1, 2017 Latest Reviews HTC U11 Review: You won’t buy this, but you should Jun 1, 2017 Elgato Eve Degree Review: A simple temperature & humidity HomeKit sensor May 31, 2017 Lenovo Thinkpad 13 Review (2017): Cheap and mostly cheerful May 30, 2017 Cinder Grill Review: Sous-vide’s even geekier rival May 29, 2017 Pirates of the Caribbean 5 Review: A bad end to an OK series May 29, 2017 Search © 2005-2017 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE iOS 11 Concept Features Updates to Siri, Control Center, Camera, Phone, More [Video] Check Out This Gorgeous iPhone Pro Concept [Images] Drone Footage Shows Trees Inside Apple Park Cafe [Video] The 'iPhone 8' Looks Beautiful Next to the Galaxy S8 [Images] Microsoft Introduces the Next Generation of Skype [Video] Adobe Releases Free 'Adobe Scan' OCR App for iOS [Download] This iPhone 8 Mockup Looks Gorgeous Apple Begins Decorating the McEnery Convention Center for WWDC 2017 [Photos] Plex Announces Support for Live TV [Video] Sony Prioritizes Apple CMOS Image Sensor Orders Extra_Recipe + YaluX Jailbreak for iPhone 7 Updated With Substrate and iOS 10.0.x Support Halide is a New Premium Camera App for iPhone Up to 56% Off Networking and Storage Devices [Deal] Apple Announces Swift Playgrounds Update With Support for Robots, Drones, and Musical Instruments Apple to Debut Siri Speaker Next Week [Report] Apple Announces Developer Earnings From the App Store Have Topped $70 Billion Samsung Unveils Stretchable OLED Display [Video] Andy Rubin Unveils 'Essential Phone' With Near Edge-to-Edge Display New Apple Park Drone Video Offers Closer Look at Steve Jobs Theater Wacom Launches 'Bamboo Sketch' Stylus for iOS Devices [Video] Apple Announces Swift Playgrounds Update With Support for Robots, Drones, and Musical Instruments LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted 14 hours ago by iClarified · 1614 views · Translate Apple has announced that its Swift Playgrounds coding education app for iPad will soon support learning to code using robots, drones, and musical instruments. Swift Playgrounds is perfect for students and beginners learning to code with Swift, Apple’s powerful and intuitive programming language for building world-class apps. Apple is working with leading device makers to make it easy to connect to Bluetooth-enabled robots within the Swift Playgrounds app, allowing kids to program and control popular devices, including LEGO MINDSTORMS Education EV3, the Sphero SPRK+, Parrot drones and more. “More than 1 million kids and adults from around the world are already using Swift Playgrounds to learn the fundamentals of coding with Swift in a fun and interactive way,” said Craig Federighi, Apple’s senior vice president of Software Engineering. “Now they can instantly see the code they create and directly control their favorite robots, drones and instruments through Swift Playgrounds. It’s an incredibly exciting and powerful way to learn.” Swift Playgrounds will let you program and control these devices from within the app: ● LEGO MINDSTORMS Education EV3 are incredibly popular in schools around the world and give students the power to explore coding through real-life problem solving as they create and command their own robotic LEGO creatures, vehicles, machines and inventions. With Swift Playgrounds kids can code and interact with their creations’ motors and sensors. ● Sphero SPRK+, a popular robotic ball, rolls, turns, accelerates and changes colors. Sensors provide feedback when Sphero hits an obstacle, and all of it can be controlled with Swift code. ● Parrot’s Mambo, Airborne and Rolling Spider drones can take off, land, turn and perform aerial figures like flips, all under the control of code users create. ● UBTECH’s Jimu Robot MeeBot Kit lets kids program their buildable robot to walk, wave and dance. ● Dash by Wonder Workshop is an exciting, hands-on learning robot for students, designed to teach the fundamentals of coding, creative problem solving and computational thinking. ● Skoog is a tactile cube that enables children of all abilities to have fun exploring, creating and playing music with Swift code. Pricing & Availability Swift Playgrounds 1.5 with support for third-party devices will be available as a free download on the App Store beginning Monday, June 5. Swift Playgrounds is compatible with all iPad Air and iPad Pro models and iPad mini 2 and later running iOS 10 or later. Follow iClarified Comments Add Comment Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: How Apple can put the ‘Pro’ in the iPad Pro [Video] Trending in Apple Poll: Will you buy the iPhone 8 with or without embedded Touch ID, or will you wait? Trending in Apple Opinion: Is Microsoft leading Apple in PC innovation, or is it all gimmickry? Trending in Apple Comment: Google and ASUS provide a glimpse of the AR features we might see in the iPhone 8 Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Yesterday AAPL: 153.18 0.42 WWDC roundup: Apple prepares new 10.5-inch iPad Pro & possibly other iPad updates for next week Jordan Kahn - Jun. 1st 2017 10:05 am PT @JordanKahn WWDC 2017 iPad View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit WWDC is set to kick off on Monday, June 5 next week and based on the latest intel, it looks like Apple will have new and maybe refreshed iPad models to show off. Here’s what we know so far… The best 4K & 5K displays for Mac 10.5-inch iPad Pro The highlight of incoming iPad updates will certainly be a new 10.5-inch iPad Pro model that the company is reportedly planning to introduce as soon as WWDC next week. The usual signs that Apple is getting close to a release surfaced this month with a few seemingly legitimate case leaks for the new screen size. The leaks gave us a bit of insight into dimension details in terms of overall size when accounting for possibly slimmer bezels expected to accompany the display that is only slightly bigger than the 9.7-inch iPad line. With slimmer bezels, it looks like Apple will cram that 10.5-inch display into a body that is overall not much larger than the 9.7-inch iPad. We can see how it compares in these photos showing the leaked case with the current 9.7-inch iPad Pro. The result will be a marginally taller and barely wider case for the new 10.5-inch model versus the 9.7-inch Pro, but with significantly more screen real estate. The case leaks all seem to confirm repositioned mics on the device that also lineup with the design of the new $329 iPad introduced earlier this year. The photos also show room for stereo speakers on the new models. Other reports have pointed to an upgraded A10X processor and possibly a virtual or embedded home button that would allow for those super slim bezels. How exactly the 10.5-inch iPad will be priced remains to be seen. But with the new $329 9.7-inch model a perfect budget option, it’s likely the 10.5-inch iPad Pro will be priced as a premium product, but will be presumably less than the larger 12.9-inch model as an entry-level Pro model. And speaking of the larger 12.9-inch iPad Pro, it’s looking likely it might be getting an update too, possibly at the same time during WWDC next week… Hands on with a 10.5-inch iPad Pro case and dimension details Leaked 10.5-inch iPad Pro case compared to current 9.7-inch iPad Pro [Gallery] Another report claims 10.5-inch iPad Pro production ramping ahead of WWDC KGI: Apple likely to launch 10.5-inch iPad Pro and Siri Speaker at WWDC alongside new software Urban Armor Gear prepping case for 10.5-inch iPad Pro, with June availability Report: New micro-bezel 10.9-inch iPad to have same footprint as current 9.7-inchers, but thicker 12.9-inch iPad Pro 2 In addition to the expected 10.5-inch iPad Pro variant, an update to the current 12.9-inch model is also in the cards. There isn’t a whole lot of info on exactly what will change, which usually means we’re in for the typical internal upgrades with a newer processor and other spec bumps. But perhaps the new design will share more with the new 10.5-inch and get a bigger update in terms of a design refresh. There is some evidence of that– the case leaks also included a 12.9-inch iPad Pro model that has repositioned rear mic holes much like both the new $329 iPad and leaks for the 10.5-inch Pro. Purported fabric cases for new 2017 iPad Pros Adding to the possibility of a 12.9-inch refresh is the latest regulatory filings that appear to show not one but four new iPad SKUs, which makes us think two new models with Wi-Fi and cellular models for each. Whether or not pricing will remain the same or change with the introduction of the 10.5-inch model remains to be seen. Photos show cases for new 10.5-inch and 12.9-inch iPad Pro, with rear mic holes like $329 iPad Release of new 10.5-inch and 12.9-inch iPad Pro models reportedly pushed to May or June KGI: Apple to introduce three new iPads in 2017 including a 10.5 inch iPad Pro, new ‘flexible OLED’ iPad for 2018 Eurasian filings indicate new MacBooks, iPads and Apple Magic Keyboard coming at WWDC Opinion: A budget-focused 12.9-inch iPad would be a compelling entertainment device iPad mini Will it stay or will it go? Conflicting reports mean we don’t have a solid idea of what Apple is planning for the iPad mini line, last updated with the iPad mini 4 in September 2015. Since Apple undercut pricing on the device with the new $329 iPad that has a larger display, albeit a less quality one without lamination and an anti-reflective coating, speculation has been that the iPad mini could be on the way out. Add in that phone screens are getting bigger and bezels smaller, the 7.9-inch tablet could become obsolete. One recent report said Apple plans to phase out the device; while another said its planning a new update for an ‘iPad mini Pro.’ But neither are from a highly accurate source, so we’re still waiting on official word before we pronounce the mini dead. Second report of 10-inch iPad Pro, along with new iPad mini Pro & refreshed 12.9-inch model Report: Apple to phase out the iPad mini, no more updates planned Comment: iPhone’s bezel-free direction again makes me suspect the iPad mini is on the way out iOS 11, new features (and Apple Pencil 2?) As always, new software features are more of an unknown as Apple generally is able to keep new iOS features under wraps until the show at WWDC. But earlier this year we noted that rumored Apple TV account switching in tvOS 11 may suggest multi-users for iPad with iOS 11. And another report claimed Apple has new iPad Pro and Mac integration planned, a concept similar to one the company itself described in a patent application for an iPhone or iPad docking into a MacBook-style dumb terminal. One area that would make a lot of sense alongside the new iPad Pro models and at the developer conference is a new generation of Apple Pencil. A report from Bloomberg last August said Apple was testing enhanced Apple Pencil features including the ability to annotate content in applications across iOS, including Mail, Messages, Safari, and more. Those features didn’t arrive with iOS 10, so it’s possible they could be ready in time for iOS 11. Another rumor claimed that Apple is eyeing a release for a new ‘Apple Pencil 2’ alongside new iPad Pro models this year. Although the source was unclear, it would make sense for a launch alongside new Pro models and with the Bloomberg report of new features incoming. Rumored Apple TV account switching in tvOS 11 may suggest multi-users for iPad with iOS 11 Report: New MacBook Air, iMac & 5K display coming in October, new iPad Pro features in 2017 Sketchy supply chain rumor claims Apple Pencil 2 launching alongside new iPad Pro models this year Apple patent describes iPhone or iPad docking into MacBook-style dumb terminal Rumor: Modular Mac Pro may not ship until early 2019, new iPad Pro and Mac integration planned WWDC Wishlist: How iPhone and iPad could improve with iOS 11 Other features including dark mode, multi-user account support, and improved multi-tasking have long been highly requested and anticipated, and those were all at the top of our list. Zac also recently suggested an iPad Workouts Dashboard for Apple Watch exercises. And Jeff had some of his own ideas for pro features beyond those in his recent feature request video for iPad Pro: When we asked 9to5Mac readers which features they were most hoping for in iOS 11, iPad enhancements came in third position just behind Dark Mode and Siri improvements. Check out our Mac WWDC roundup below for what to expect from incoming MacBook updates and new software: WWDC roundup: Apple readies MacBook upgrades across the board, new software Jordan Kahn @JordanKahn Jordan writes about all things Apple as Senior Editor of 9to5Mac, & contributes to 9to5Google, 9to5Toys, & Electrek.co. He also co-authors 9to5Mac’s weekly Logic Pros series and makes music as one half of Toronto-based Makamachine. Favorite Gear LG 34-inch Widscreen Monitor This gorgeous desk clock is made with vintage Soviet Union Nixie tubes PhotoFast MFi drive w/ Lightning, USB-C, USB-A, micro-USB Guides iPad What's next for Apple's iPad line? View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Apple’s ‘Siri speaker’ may debut as early as next week - WBRC FOX6 News - Birmingham, AL Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Watch LIVE Newscasts & Replays Seen on WBRC FOX6 News Live Video & Events Download WBRC apps Seen on TV Traffic Tracker Editorials Recipes Delays and Closings Plan Your Evening News Download the WBRC News app Alabama Headlines National Tuscaloosa News Local Sports News Traffic Tracker Good Day Recipes Recalls Weather Download the WBRC Weather app Delays and Closings Weather Blog FutureCast SkyVision Cameras Zip Code Forecast Traffic Tracker Mickey's Weather Kids How to program a NOAA weather radio First Alert Weather Tour WBRC First Alert Severe Weather Policy WBRC First Alert Storm Tracker, powered by Town & Country Ford iHeartMedia Radio Partners Sports Alabama Auburn UAB Samford JSU Download the Sideline Plus app WBRC FOX6 Sideline Tide and Tigers Today Karle's Korner Alabama Sports Headlines Video Live Video Right This Minute Video Special Features Videos Sports Videos Editorials Videos Good Day Videos Weather Videos Share Photos and Videos Video Requests Good Day Traffic Tracker Contest Entry Page Recipes Business Break Mickey's Weather Kids Pet Pics Magic City Weekend Features Fugitive Finder Road Warrior Heart Gallery Alabama #WBRCandMe Pet Pics Weddings Home and Garden Food Health Money Auto Home/Family Tech TV Watch LIVE Newscasts & Replays Live Video & Events FOX Broadcasting Company Bounce TV Grit TV Absolutely Alabama Right This Minute About Us Meet the Team WBRC FOX6 News Job Opportunities WBRC FOX6 News Internship Program 2016 EEOC Public File Report   Apple’s ‘Siri speaker’ may debut as early as next week 2017-06-01T16:59:17Z © Digital Trends From Digital TrendsMore>> Apple’s ‘Siri speaker’ may debut as early as next week Apple’s ‘Siri speaker’ may debut as early as next week If you have a hankering for Apple products and you're after a smart speaker, you may not have too long to wait.More >> If you have a hankering for Apple products and you're after a smart speaker, you may not have too long to wait.More >> As tablet sales tank, Apple finds iPad success from an unlikely source As tablet sales tank, Apple finds iPad success from an unlikely source Apple has long been hailed as a little more consumer friendly than the likes of Android, but as sales of the iPad tumble, it looks like demand for the tablet may be coming from a slightly unexpected source — businesses. More >> Apple has long been hailed as a little more consumer friendly than the likes of Android, but as sales of the iPad tumble, it looks like demand for the tablet may be coming from a slightly unexpected source — businesses.More >> Tidal struggles to gain ground, fires its third CEO in just two years Tidal struggles to gain ground, fires its third CEO in just two years While Tidal may have plenty of celebrity endorsement, it's unclear how well users are buying into the service, and leadership is feeling the heat.More >> While Tidal may have plenty of celebrity endorsement, it's unclear how well users are buying into the service, and leadership is feeling the heat.More >> The Wrangler camping system brings your kitchen to the great outdoors The Wrangler camping system brings your kitchen to the great outdoors Need to cook a full meal while roughing it? The Wrangler Camping System packs everything you need.More >> Need to cook a full meal while roughing it? The Wrangler Camping System packs everything you need.More >> Everything you need to know about Android Pay Everything you need to know about Android Pay Android Pay launches PayPal support, could see Canadian release next weekMore >> Android Pay launches PayPal support, could see Canadian release next weekMore >>    By Trevor Mogg Provided by It seems as if we’re just a few days away from Apple unveiling a Siri-enabled speaker similar to Amazon’s range of Echo devices and Google’s Home offering. The Cupertino, California-based company has started manufacturing the device, “people familiar with the matter” told Bloomberg this week, and it could be shown off during Apple’s Worldwide Developers Conference which kicks off in San Jose, California, on June 5. However, anyone keen to get their hands on the Siri-controlled smart speaker may have to exercise some patience, as the sources said it won’t be ready to ship until “later in the year.” This latest news comes just a few weeks after a report from the same media outlet claimed Apple engineers were already testing the speaker out in their own homes, putting it through its paces in a bid to perfect its design, though an “advanced prototype” of the device was apparently ready “late last year.” Notably, Bloomberg’s sources claim the speaker won’t include a display, setting it apart from Amazon’s recently launched Echo Show speaker that offers extra functionality via its 7-inch color touchscreen. But apparently it’s under the hood that Apple hopes to really score points, with “more advanced acoustics technology” enabling “virtual surround sound” that’s more powerful and crisper than that offered by rival devices. It may also have built-in sensors that measure a room’s acoustics and adjust the audio accordingly for the best possible sound. Aiming to weave customers more tightly into the Apple ecosystem, the expected speaker will act as a hub compatible with Apple’s HomeKit platform, enabling users to control home appliances through voice commands. You should also be able to call out questions for Siri to answer, and issue commands such as song requests from your music library or Apple Music to play through the speaker. Further functionality will be possible thanks to Apple’s move last year to finally open Siri to third-party developers. With talk of an unveil for the speaker at next week’s WWDC, together with rumors of product launches for upgraded MacBooks and a number of new iPads, the event could be the most hardware-focused WWDC in several years. Be sure to check back for all the news from Apple’s much-anticipated event from Monday. This article was originally posted on Digital Trends Content provided by INFORMATIONAL DISCLAIMER The information contained on or provided through this site is intended for general consumer understanding and education only and is not intended to be and is not a substitute for professional financial or accounting advice. Always seek the advice of your accountant or other qualified personal finance advisor for answers to any related questions you may have. Use of this site and any information contained on or provided through this site is at your own risk and any information contained on or provided through this site is provided on an "as is" basis without any representations or warranties. Can't Find Something? 1720 Valley View Drive Birmingham, AL 35209 (205) 322-6666 FCC Public File publicfile@wbrc.com (205) 583-4343 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Home Create Account Log In Go Home News Weather Currents 7-Day Forecast Hourly Forecast Interactive Weather Radar Rain Totals Severe Weather Alerts 3TV 360 Camera Network Good Morning AZ All Sections   Print Apple’s ‘Siri speaker’ may debut as early as next week Updated: Thursday, June 1, 2017 12:59 PM EDT © Digital Trends From Digital TrendsMore>> Apple’s ‘Siri speaker’ may debut as early as next week Apple’s ‘Siri speaker’ may debut as early as next week If you have a hankering for Apple products and you're after a smart speaker, you may not have too long to wait.More > If you have a hankering for Apple products and you're after a smart speaker, you may not have too long to wait.More > As tablet sales tank, Apple finds iPad success from an unlikely source As tablet sales tank, Apple finds iPad success from an unlikely source Apple has long been hailed as a little more consumer friendly than the likes of Android, but as sales of the iPad tumble, it looks like demand for the tablet may be coming from a slightly unexpected source — businesses. More > Apple has long been hailed as a little more consumer friendly than the likes of Android, but as sales of the iPad tumble, it looks like demand for the tablet may be coming from a slightly unexpected source — businesses.More > Tidal struggles to gain ground, fires its third CEO in just two years Tidal struggles to gain ground, fires its third CEO in just two years While Tidal may have plenty of celebrity endorsement, it's unclear how well users are buying into the service, and leadership is feeling the heat.More > While Tidal may have plenty of celebrity endorsement, it's unclear how well users are buying into the service, and leadership is feeling the heat.More > The Wrangler camping system brings your kitchen to the great outdoors The Wrangler camping system brings your kitchen to the great outdoors Need to cook a full meal while roughing it? The Wrangler Camping System packs everything you need.More > Need to cook a full meal while roughing it? The Wrangler Camping System packs everything you need.More > Everything you need to know about Android Pay Everything you need to know about Android Pay Android Pay launches PayPal support, could see Canadian release next weekMore > Android Pay launches PayPal support, could see Canadian release next weekMore > 'Injustice 2' review With a story, loot, and leveling, 'Injustice 2' is much more than a fighting game The most expansive solo experience we’ve seen in a fighting game, Injustice 2 compels you to master its fast-paced, combo driven combat.More > The most expansive solo experience we’ve seen in a fighting game, Injustice 2 compels you to master its fast-paced, combo driven combat.More > ‘Aquaman’ director reveals a new photo of the Queen of Atlantis ‘Aquaman’ director reveals a new photo of the Queen of Atlantis There's a healthy amount of skepticism surrounding WB's superhero universe, so every new look at one of the upcoming films prompts a lot of debate.More > There's a healthy amount of skepticism surrounding WB's superhero universe, so every new look at one of the upcoming films prompts a lot of debate.More > ‘Sonic Forces’ lets you make your own Sonic sidekick ‘Sonic Forces’ lets you make your own Sonic sidekick Sonic Forces’ takes inspiration from recent Sonic games, while adding new features and a darker tone.More > Sonic Forces’ takes inspiration from recent Sonic games, while adding new features and a darker tone.More > Kobo's waterproof Aura H2O still survives where any kindle would fizzle Kobo's waterproof Aura H2O still survives where any kindle would fizzle Kobo’s new Aura H2O is a great large-screen Kindle alternative that’s also waterproofMore > Kobo’s new Aura H2O is a great large-screen Kindle alternative that’s also waterproofMore > Amazon makes it even easier to get free 2-day shipping Amazon makes it even easier to get free 2-day shipping If you're a regular Amazon shopper who's not signed up for Prime, the new free shipping minimum offers an even better chance to save some cash.More > If you're a regular Amazon shopper who's not signed up for Prime, the new free shipping minimum offers an even better chance to save some cash.More >    By Trevor Mogg Provided by It seems as if we’re just a few days away from Apple unveiling a Siri-enabled speaker similar to Amazon’s range of Echo devices and Google’s Home offering. The Cupertino, California-based company has started manufacturing the device, “people familiar with the matter” told Bloomberg this week, and it could be shown off during Apple’s Worldwide Developers Conference which kicks off in San Jose, California, on June 5. However, anyone keen to get their hands on the Siri-controlled smart speaker may have to exercise some patience, as the sources said it won’t be ready to ship until “later in the year.” This latest news comes just a few weeks after a report from the same media outlet claimed Apple engineers were already testing the speaker out in their own homes, putting it through its paces in a bid to perfect its design, though an “advanced prototype” of the device was apparently ready “late last year.” Notably, Bloomberg’s sources claim the speaker won’t include a display, setting it apart from Amazon’s recently launched Echo Show speaker that offers extra functionality via its 7-inch color touchscreen. But apparently it’s under the hood that Apple hopes to really score points, with “more advanced acoustics technology” enabling “virtual surround sound” that’s more powerful and crisper than that offered by rival devices. It may also have built-in sensors that measure a room’s acoustics and adjust the audio accordingly for the best possible sound. Aiming to weave customers more tightly into the Apple ecosystem, the expected speaker will act as a hub compatible with Apple’s HomeKit platform, enabling users to control home appliances through voice commands. You should also be able to call out questions for Siri to answer, and issue commands such as song requests from your music library or Apple Music to play through the speaker. Further functionality will be possible thanks to Apple’s move last year to finally open Siri to third-party developers. With talk of an unveil for the speaker at next week’s WWDC, together with rumors of product launches for upgraded MacBooks and a number of new iPads, the event could be the most hardware-focused WWDC in several years. Be sure to check back for all the news from Apple’s much-anticipated event from Monday. This article was originally posted on Digital Trends Content provided by INFORMATIONAL DISCLAIMER The information contained on or provided through this site is intended for general consumer understanding and education only and is not intended to be and is not a substitute for professional financial or accounting advice. Always seek the advice of your accountant or other qualified personal finance advisor for answers to any related questions you may have. Use of this site and any information contained on or provided through this site is at your own risk and any information contained on or provided through this site is provided on an "as is" basis without any representations or warranties. Can't Find Something? Go HomeNewsWeatherGood Morning AZAll Sections All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Frankly Media and . All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Login Remember me Submit a Tip Login Create Account Subscribe Follow Us Get Our App Main Top Reviews Hot Games Watch List Forums Deals BuyBack ★ TouchArcade needs your help. Click here to support us on Patreon. ★ News Apple Has Paid App Store Developers $70 Billion Since Launch Author Eli Hodapp Posted On2017-06-01 12:37:21 News With WWDC right around the corner, Apple is jumping the gun with sharing some of their mind-boggling statistics when it comes to the App Store. Since the launch of the App Store in 2008, Apple has paid App Store developers seventy billion dollars. Additionally, app download rates continue to soar with Apple seeing an increase of 70% in overall downloads this year alone. Apple typically kicks off their WWDC keynote (which is Monday at 10:00 AM Pacific) boasting about how great everything is going, so don't be surprised to hear even more crazy statistics like this next week. One stat I'd be particularly interested in seeing is how that $70 billion breaks down amongst developers. From the trends we've seen on the App Store and the experiences we've heard from indie developers lately, it wouldn't surprise me at all if that $70B has gone to a single-digit percentage of the currently registered Apple developers. "We've paid $70B to developers" sounds like an amazing stat, but I'm not sure it's indicative of overall market health, rather, I'm reasonably certain all it's really illustrating is the incredible money making machines that Supercell, Machine Zone, and others have managed to create on mobile. Don't get me wrong, it's cool that mobile has seen smash hits like Pokemon Go [Free], Clash of Clans [Free], and similar... But with premium games all but becoming extinct in an ecosystem that only supports the top-end of the App Store with big-budget free to play, I'm not sure there's tons to brag about. But, eh, we've ranted about this so many times now there's not much point in getting into it again. [via MacRumors] Musgravian Musings - 'Pokemon: Magikarp Jump' is a Crash Course in the Cruel Nature of Mortality Craneballs Teases Mysterious 'Fling Fighters' and is Looking for Beta Testers Sobriquet Absolutely agree. It's not as if Apple has created an environment that's inviting and prosperous. They're just feed a few very hungry mouths while thousands of others are struck by famine. curtisrshideler I love your rants, though. haranbane Yeah the AppStore lacks in terms of visibility, still this article is pretty fussy imo. I mean Apple/Google/Amazon/etc. just give people the opportunity to sell their products. I think we would all agree, that selling things (no matter if its an Apps on the AppStore or a flat-iron on Amazon) consists of more than designing a good product. Don't get me wrong, this would be amazing BUT it simply does not work that way. W/o spending money/effort on marketing people will not even realise that you or your product exists no matter how good it is. There are just so many people releasing Apps every single day. Who do we count responsible for this problem? hellscaretaker I know of developer that gone to wall cause of free to play market and they had quality game. Taeles To bad they don't give a little slice of that to certain really fantastic mobile gaming coverage websites. ac166 Interesting mario run is highlighted as a smash hit in the release 🙂 Sponsors Support Us Support TouchArcade on Patreon Chat With Us Join us on the TouchArcade Discord server Latest Podcast Even More Rants - The TouchArcade Show #308 Latest Reviews $4.99 StarStarStarStarNone Chroma Squad StrategyUniversal 3 days ago $4.99 StarStarStarNoneNone [Premium] RPG Onigo Hunter Role PlayingUniversal 1 week ago $3.99 StarStarStarStarStar Steredenn ArcadeUniversal 2 weeks ago $1.99 StarStarStarStarNone Penarium ArcadeUniversal 2 weeks ago $1.99 StarStarStarStarNone No Stick Shooter ArcadeUniversal 2 weeks ago $4.99 StarStarStarStarStar Arkanoid vs Space Invaders ArcadeUniversal 2 weeks ago Hot Games $6.99 Epic Little War Game StrategyUniversal Released 1 day ago Free Bouncy Hoops SportsUniversal Released 2 days ago Free Rogue Wizards Role PlayingUniversal Released 1 week ago Free Crazy Taxi Gazillionaire StrategyUniversal Released 2 days ago Free Maze Bandit PuzzleUniversal Released 2 days ago $4.99 Predynastic Egypt StrategyUniversal Released 2 days ago Game Releases Bouncy Hoops (by Studio Generative and Noodlecake) (42) Blocky Pirates (by Full Fat) (5) Rogue Wizards (by Spellbind Studios) (368) Astro Crash (by Affable Games) (1) Imbroglio (by Michael Brough) (307) Frontier Defense (by Pine Entertainment) (428) Ball King (by Qwiboo Ltd) (85) My Colony (by Ape Apps) (19) Predynastic Egypt (by Ilya Terentev) (17) YANKAI'S PEAK. (by Kenny Sun) (19) Family Feud� Live! (by Umi Mobile Inc) (9) Rocklien Run - Endless Space Runner (by Comicorp Worlds) (5) Rush Rally 2 (By Brownmonster) (754) Blustone (by VisualShower Corp.) (4) Don't Touch The Even Numbers (0) Flick Heroes (By Storm Giant Studios) (2) Stolen Thunder - A Unique Action Puzzle Adventure (by Jason Nowak) (10) Fancy Dogs - Puzzle & Puppies (by Genix Lab) (2) New Game Threads Astro Crash (by Affable Games) (1) Don't Touch The Even Numbers (0) GoodJunk (by Alain Rivest) (0) Flick Heroes (By Storm Giant Studios) (2) Gold Rush! 2 (By Sunlight Games) (2) Endless Loop Game (By Taninty Game Studio) (0) The Frankenstein Wars - 19th c. adventure gamebook (By Cubus Games) (1) Lunar Lift (By Patrick Kemp) (0) Word Ball Pool (By Byrne Publishing) (0) Flight Color (by LabLike) (0) Pendulum - Swing Time Away (by Teaboy Games) (0) Sonic Surfer (by Patrick Ferling) (2) Cubie Adventure (by UNIT5) (2) Oil Hunt 2 - Birthday Party (by PlayFlame) (0) Tappy Sky (by Kloppe Media) (0) Is-it Love ? Drogo (Vampire & Romance Story) (by 1492 Studio) (0) Monstergotchi (By FDG Mobile Games) (4) Epic Little War Game (By Rubicon) (30) General Discussion I Don't Understand Mobile Fighters (14) The May 2017 RPG Reload Play-Along: Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic (108) The June 2017 RPG Reload Play-Along: Final Fantasy 5 (16) Imbroglio Izu Discussion (9) Must have games to play with a controller? (9) The Official RPG Reload Club Thread (1635) any good RPG ?? (5) TouchArcade Forums' Game of the Week (Feb 23) (20) Experiencing the best of android without paying the big costs...android boxes? (0) Cross platform iOS v Android games (4) What ONE non-64 bit game would would you like to be updated (26) Upcoming iOS Games of 2017 (37) Swordigo treasures walkthrough & Strategies - highly spoilerific! (969) Unofficial Pocket RPG guide/help thread (25) Best paid games to get on the app store (6) Running List of Console/PC to iOS ports? (2) List Of Adventure Games (Part 2) (6705) Brain games (5) Promo Codes Picon - (by Zerobase Software Inc.) $60 Contest - 6/3/17 5pm PDT for 24 hours (5) $10 PayPal Contest - Barnyard Games App Review (12) Tappy Sky - 15$ PayPal Contest + In-App Promocodes (6) $10 PayPal Contest for Bauernroulette App Review (9) 20 In-App promo codes for Melody Composer Squared iOS app (0) Get Pic Scanner Gold FREE (Regular: $4.99) (0) $20 PayPal Contest for Rocklien Run - Endless Space Runner (4) $10 PayPal Contest for Chit Chat iOS App Review (12) $10 iTunes credit for 3D Fidget Spinner Download & Review (19) Level 24 (by Super Mad Games) - Promo Codes (9) $10+ Gift Card for Lucky Review - SpinUp : Original (11) The Emoji Quiz - 10$ CONTEST Download & Review (6) Mahjong Fantasy (iPad) - Free Promo Codes! (1) $10 PayPal Contest for Motor City App Review (24) 4 x $15 PayPal Winners for new duck hunt like game (19) Space Lasers - 10$ CONTEST Download & Review (10) [iOS] Fast 15$ iTunes Gift Card Give Away (15 entries = draw) (20) $15 Paypal Contest - Review App: My Fave Places (19) Upcoming Releases Glitch - First-Person impossible game (10) Grumpy Turtle (0) Street Fighter IV: Champion Edition (43) Mega Hops: When Mega Man Slams Into Crossy Road (17) Guns Royale: Blocky Battlegrounds - Multiplayer Survival Shooter (1) Cubiques - iOS and MAC Game coming to the App Store (2) Fling Fighters (by Craneballs) (7) JumjumFly - RG Edition - Hardcore Jumping platformer (6) [Beta]Strain Tactics - real time topdown squad tactics set in cyberpunk apocalypse (6) Monsters! (Lovecraft themed monster hunting) (4) Dolphy Dash - the endless runner� oh wait, Swimmer! (3) Slam Mania (accepting beta testers) (23) Blocky Farm - a voxel mobile farm manager (207) Farm On!-Farming game with unique user interface optimized for single-handed gameplay (43) Blast Squad - Tactical Multiplayer Battle Arena (6) [Beta!]Yeah Bunny - a pixel art mobile one-tap platformer (29) BETA - Chicken Jump, jump for your life! (0) 1949 EndWar, the spiritual sequel to 1942! (Smallthing) (167) Dev Discussion Which app icon do you prefer? (Need Advice!) (6) Everest Attack 2 (by Jabatoba) need help and feedback (3) FlatFatCat - A casual funny cat game (0) monetization model (1) Basketball Game + Complete Game Template (0) Upcoming Platform Game: Suzy Cube (154) Invested 30k in App Store only to get disappointed (19) Best AD Source for FB Games (0) Looking for feedback on my game (4) How to make your iOS game more discoverable? (5) Releasing on iOS free or paid version? And some promotion advices needed. (7) Los Angeles Mobile Gamers: Visit a Dev Studio! (2) Help with promotion (6) Article: How to Seriously Plan and Design an App (0) Tabasco Interactive becomes Orbital Knight! (0) Games that award more coins/lives if players install from video ads (0) Common words translation sheet for Indie game developers (59) How much it costs to develop and sale an app/game? (8) Services for Trade Publisher looking for horror, scary, weird, etc games (0) Free Music Resource - soundimage.org (146) Wyvern_music professional music composer (0) Independent Music & Audio Talent | The Higher Eclectic Ground Thread (72) Satsuma Audio - Professional, Affordable Sound and Music (32) Independent Art Talent | The Higher Eclectic Ground Thread (23) Building a Library of Images for Everyone (16) Experienced | 2D/3D Gaming Artist @ Indie Rates | Looking for Work (7) [AFFORDABLE] 2D/3D Game, Animation & Vfx service provider @ Indie Price (62) Your Reliable Partner in Voiceover (0) Twisty Board Developer - Looking for Music & SFX Composer (0) [Paid] Music composer looking for interesting projects. (7) Francisco Rivera | Versatile Music Composer For Your Game (0) 2d illustrator/concept artist (5) Luke Jackson | Music Composer (2) Artist for hire illustration Anime/visual novel/Character (12) 2D Game Assets (0) [Released] Tower Defense Template (13) Other Discussion Nintendo Switch (592) 🎉🎈🎁🎂Happy Birthday🎂🎁🎈🎉 (374) The Playstation 4 (PS4) Thread! (1089) I'm getting Surgery tomorrow. (9) What song are you guys listening to at the moment? (2950) Playstation Vita Discussion Thread (8815) Dumb things about iPhones? (3) The Virtual Reality (VR) thread! (43) Chris Cornell RIP (2) Eye Strain and Neck Pain (16) Radiangames pulled from French app store ? (12) What game are you playing the most, right now? (538) what do you want from your next handheld gaming system? (24) Introductions (28) Knights of pen and paper 2 (1) Idea for great app (4) What is your favorite game that will die with next IOS update (AKA UPDATE MEOW) (0) Hi Touch Arcade (0) Site Feedback How to View New Threads (0) Idea for making these forums more useful (3) TouchArcade - iOS source code.. (9) Apple commissions and TA (4) Voting System question (2) Who are the current moderators? (2) Can I Post In This Thread? (4) Cannot search for things (2) Appinfo tag not working. (1) Looking for ideas of revamping the forums for 2017 (14) Comments via app broken? (52) Why can't I send PMs? (5) Star ratings on forum thread not showing (5) forum not working or working slow (0) Any chance of getting a Nintendo switch section of the forums? (6) Looking for new recruits to join the Spam Police Force on the forums. (73) Spam social groups. (7) Which is the right place and what's the right time to post about my game in TA? (3) Pages About Us, PR Contact, Advertise Advertising Career Opportunities - Write For TouchArcade Job Board Newest iPhone Games and Price Drops Newest iPhone Games and Price Drops - Mobile Privacy Policy / DMCA Copyright Agent Sending Promo Codes for Giveaways Support Support TouchArcade via Shopping on Amazon TouchArcade Advertising and Editorial Policies TouchArcade's List of iPad Games with iCade Support Upcoming Categories 360iDev (3) Accessories (93) Android (189) Apple TV (37) Apple Watch (16) Applications (172) Companion (36) Emulator (55) Internet (1) Jailbreak (21) Misc (5) Music (5) Utility (16) April Fools' Day (9) Best iPad Games (114) Best iPhone Games (127) CES (8) CES 2010 (3) Classic Reload (11) Controller Support (96) Deals (41) Developer Corner (7) Development Tools (10) E3 (145) E3 Expo 2009 (18) E3 Expo 2010 (15) E3 Expo 2010 (1) E3 Expo 2011 (13) E3 Expo 2012 (25) E3 Expo 2013 (28) E3 Expo 2014 (20) E3 Expo 2015 (20) E3 Expo 2016 (4) Editor's Notes (17) Editorials (58) The Carter Crater (28) The Fretz Zone (5) The Tasos Principle (2) Exclusives (141) Featured (1,636) First Impressions (198) Forums (6) Game of the Month (1) Full Content (207) Game Center (2,276) Game of the Week (193) Games (11,029) Action (2,163) Adventure (1,040) Arcade (1,166) Augmented Reality (51) Bear Driving Simulator (5) Board (156) Card (461) Castle Defense (36) Cave-Flyer (36) Demo (4) Drawing (31) Fighting (222) First Person Shooter (149) Goat Simulators (9) Interactive Fiction (69) Just Make Crossy Road, JEEZ (7) Man-Horse Dating Simulator (6) Massive Multiplayer (MMO) (84) Maze (92) MOBA (63) Music / Rhythm (162) Pinball (87) Platform (846) Puzzle (1,606) Quiz (17) Racing (559) Retro (532) Role-Playing (1,285) Runner (196) Shooter (943) Simulation (620) Social RPG (19) Sports (417) Strategy (823) Time Management (94) Tower Defense (222) Virtual Pet (30) Wi-Fi Multiplayer (15) Word (106) GDC (355) GDC 2009 (17) GDC 2010 (18) GDC 2011 (33) GDC 2012 (44) GDC 2013 (32) GDC 2014 (32) GDC 2015 (58) GDC 2016 (67) GDC 2017 (44) GDC Austin (1) GDC Austin 2009 (6) GDC Online 2011 (1) Guides (180) High Score Challenge (4) Humor (4) Interview (37) Interviews (50) iPad Games (7,746) iPad Models (140) iPad (38) iPad 2 (57) iPad 3 (41) iPad 4 (10) iPad mini (12) iPad Pro (1) iPhone games (10,624) iPhone Models (138) iPhone 3G S (22) iPhone 4 (73) iPhone 4S (24) iPhone 5 (34) iPod games (75) iPod touch (5th gen) (65) iPod touch games (8,202) Mac App Store (18) Macworld|iWorld 2012 (9) News (13,495) Online Multiplayer Nights (1) Thursday (1) PAX (23) PAX Australia (13) PAX East (10) PlayStation Games (1) Podcast (398) Prices (8,185) $0.99 (1,895) $1.99 (998) $10.99 (3) $11.99 (13) $12.99 (7) $13.99 (4) $14.99 (26) $15.99 (14) $16.99 (3) $17.99 (5) $19.99 (20) $2.99 (1,058) $22.99 (1) $24.99 (2) $27.99 (1) $3.99 (357) $4.99 (895) $49.99 (1) $5.99 (147) $54.99 (1) $6.99 (304) $7.99 (112) $74.99 (2) $8.99 (22) $9.99 (254) Free (3,057) Push Notification (97) Ratings (3,382) 1 star (11) 2 stars (59) 2.5 stars (102) 3 stars (412) 3.5 stars (746) 4 stars (1,153) 4.5 stars (595) 5 stars (305) Reinstall Monday (1) Release (606) Requests (3) Review (33) Reviews (3,827) RPG Reload (159) Rumors (24) Sales (1,132) Soap Box (8) SwitchArcade (19) TA Plays (362) TGS 2014 (10) TGS 2016 (10) TouchArcade Free Play (4) TouchStone (101) Uncategorized (15) Universal (4,708) Upcoming Games (6,380) Updates (1,774) Web-based games (14) What Do You Think (17) WWDC (10) WWDC 2013 (7) WWDC 2009 (21) WWDC 2010 (13) WWDC 2011 (16) WWDC 2012 (17) WWDC 2015 (5) About Us "TouchArcade covers the latest games and apps for Apple's iPhone and iPod Touch. We are the largest site dedicated to iPhone and iPod Touch gaming." Promotional Codes While we now accept iTunes Promotional Codes for games, we can't guarantee that your app will be reviewed or covered. Only one promotion code is required. Feel free to send promo codes to tips@toucharcade.com. While we appreciate the promo codes, notable app pre-announcements and preview copies are also of interest to our readers. Please feel free to contact us at the same email address about these opportunities. Note: we rarely (if ever) solicit developers directly for promo codes. If you receive such an email, please contact us. Advertising We have advertising opportunities available to iPhone and iPod Touch developers. If interested, please see this page for more information: Advertise on TouchArcade Press Contact We welcome news releases, previews, screenshots and video links for existing or upcoming iPhone and iPod Games. We can't promise a personal reply but we do try to evaluate every title submitted. Please send press releases or general inquiries to tips@toucharcade.com. Copyright 2014, TouchArcade.com, LLC. iPhone Games
Technology content trusted in North America and globally since 1999 7,530 Reviews & Articles | 55,502 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket AM4 Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU GIVEAWAY: Patriot Viper V570 Mouse and V370 RGB Headset Home News Gaming Nintendo Switch price may rise due to parts shortage High component demand and rising parts cost could interrupt Nintendo's huge Switch production contract, and drive up the retail price of the system By: Derek Strickland | Gaming News | Posted: 14 hours, 43 mins ago Comment () | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA Nintendo could hike the price of its new Switch system past $299 to offset increasing parts costs, and the company may have troubles keeping up with massive consumer demand.     Nintendo is fighting other tech titans like Apple for critical mobile components to power its new Switch handheld-console hybrid, which could trigger a price hike for the new machine. Nintendo's Switch system uses many parts and components that are currently in high demand by smartphone makers, including its LPDDR4 RAM, NAND flash memory, and LCD panels--all of which are crucial to make mobile devices like Apple's popular iPhones tick.   Demand for traditional 2D NAND flash memory, which is used in mobile devices and Nintendo's Switch system, has steadily risen as more companies push out new notebooks, tablets, smartphones and the new Internet of Things sphere of devices, and as semiconductor fabrication facilities owned by key companies such as Toshiba transition over to new premium high-end 3D NAND storage.   Toshiba supplies the storage chips used in the Nintendo Switch, whereas Samsung supplies the LPDDR4 RAM. This has caused a feeding frenzy of sorts as key suppliers and device-makers grab up contracts for flash memory, and consequently squeezing supply and driving up part costs.   "Demand for our NAND flash memory has been overwhelmingly greater than supply, and the situation is likely to stay for the rest of this year," a Toshiba spokesperson told The Wall Street Journal.   Reports indicate that Nintendo plans to produce 18 million consoles this fiscal year, but based on The Wall Street Journal's reports, the components shortage may interrupt Nintendo's roadmap. If Nintendo does pay extra for key parts to make its Switch systems, it's possible the console could raise beyond its $299 retail price, as President Tatsumi Kimishima affirms that the Switch won't be sold at a loss.   Despite the huge 18 million production order, Nintendo says it only plans to sell 10 million Switch units this fiscal year, indicating the Japanese console-maker is well aware of the component shortage.     However, the Switch may have a saving grace: GlobalFoundries, the world's second-largest contract chipmaker, plans to double its revenue from Japan over the course of many years by offering cheaper chips to the region in a bid to pull contracts away from the world's leading chipmaker, TSMC (Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Corporation).   It's possible that Nintendo may switch its production contract over to GlobalFoundries, however NVIDIA's Tegra processors, which power the Nintendo Switch, are made by TSMC facilities.   The Nintendo Switch's core processor is powered by an NVIDIA Tegra SoC, so the company faces no major competition for its processor outside of NVIDIA, which uses the Maxwell-based Tegra chip in its Shield TV line of microconsoles. In comparison, Android mobile phones are typically powered by Qualcomm's Snapdragon line of processors, whereas Samsung and Apple makes their own chips to power their respective iPhones and Samsung Galaxy devices.   NVIDIA has signed a multi-year partnership with Nintendo to help facilitate the Switch system's lifespan.   Read Also: Nintendo shares skyrocket to 8-year high     The unique Switch console-handheld hybrid has had a tremendous effect on Nintendo's performance, selling 2.74 million units in the first month of availability.   As a result of significant console sales and strong software growth, Nintendo reported a mighty 521% profit hike of $922.5 million (102.5 billion yen).   The huge momentum for the new Switch console has had a tremendous affect on Nintendo's share price as well. Nintendo's stock rose by 5.48% to its highest point since 2008 immediately following the announcement of Monster Hunter XX's release on the platform, increasing Nintendo's market cap valuation by $2.2 billion and raising its total market valuation to an impressive $45 billion.   Everyone in the world wants a Nintendo Switch console, and it will be interesting to see if the company can keep up with demand. Company president Tatsumi Kimishima says that a surplus of Switch consoles will be arranged to ensure the 10 million unit sales goal.   "We are planning to ship 10 million units this fiscal year, and this figure takes into account the fantastic response we have received from consumers. Planning to ship 10 million units means that we actually plan to produce more than that including units in our warehouse and in-transit product. We are not currently producing this full amount all at once."   "We expect that the number of consumers who want to buy the hardware will increase as we release titles such as ARMS, Splatoon 2 and Super Mario Odyssey, so our current production model takes that into account." NEWS SOURCES:Wsj.com >> NEXT STORY: Andy Rubin's Essential phone is stunning and powerful << PREVIOUS STORY: Nokia smartphones globally available by the end of June Related Tags Apple Capcom Nintendo Toshiba Nintendo Switch Switch Gaming Monster Galaxy GlobalFoundries NVIDIA Qualcomm Samsung TSMC Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts AMD drops Ryzen 7 pricing by up to 23% GTA publisher on Switch: we're there front and center Pokemon Company profits soar by 2400% GTA parent buys Kerbal Space Program IP and devs iPhone 8 rumored size vs other phonesView More News Posts Forum Activity Raidmax Alpha Mid-Tower Chassis Review Amped Wireless Artemis-EX AC1300 Range Extender Review asrock fatal1ty x370 K4 GAMING - Cannot create RAID GA-Z87x-UD5H Only PS/2 Keyboard can be used with SETUP Plugable USBC-SATA-V USB 3.1 Gen 2 HDD Dock ReviewView More Forum Posts Press Releases Next generation 3D NAND propels PCIe SSD adoption Tegila expands lifetime storage program, unveils controller-only refresh option ASUS Republic of Gamers showcases brand new gaming innovations at Computex 2017 AMD exhibits PC innovation leadership at Computex 2017 Thermaltake unveils the new 4 tempered glass View 71 TG Edition full-tower chassis with Tt LCS CertifiedView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2017 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Previous Page Next Page
自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧Business Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / Business Fri, Jun 02, 2017 - Page 12　 Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp PMI slips on soft operating conditions RUMORS:Uncertainty over the release date of Apple Inc’s new iPhone model has been increasing as the high sales season approaches, CIER president Wu Chung-shu said By Crystal Hsu  /  Staff reporter The official manufacturing purchasing managers’ index (PMI) posted 58.7 last month, falling from 61 in April, as local manufacturers reported a softer, but solid improvement in operating conditions, the Chung-Hua Institution for Economic Research (CIER, 中華經濟研究院) said yesterday. The latest PMI data lent support to a continued recovery in the global technology cycle, but uncertainty has mounted over the launch of Apple Inc’s next iPhone model due to reported technology snags, CIER president Wu Chung-shu (吳中書) told a news conference. Local and international media have said Apple might have to delay mass production of its new iPhone from September to October or November, as it has failed to overcome hurdles related to touch-identification features. “Uncertainty gains strength and diversity as the high sales season approaches,” Wu said. Local technology firms supply chips, camera lenses, casings, batteries, touch screens and other critical components used in iPhones and might take a hit if Apple delays the production of the new model. Regardless of the new iPhone’s launch, sales of technology products generally fare better in the second half compared with the first, Wu said, adding that the seasonal trend has remained on track so far this year. The PMI aims to gauge the health of the manufacturing industry, with scores above 50 indicating expansion and scores below the threshold suggesting contraction. Despite last month’s decline, the leading barometer rose for the 15th consecutive month as firms in all sectors reported business expansions, thanks to robust demand from clients at home and abroad, the CIER survey found. The critical sub-index on new orders registered 57.3 last month even though firms involved in the supply of basic materials had slipped into contraction mode, according to the survey. “Seasonality varies for different sectors,” Wu said. Makers of electronic and optical devices, the main growth driver for the nation’s economy, showed the best performance with a PMI of 63.2, the survey found. The output sub-index shed 5.2 points to 60 last month, while employment gained 0.4 percentage points to 60.4, both comfortably above the neutral mark, it said. Most firms have positive views about their business outlook, tipping the six-month outlook sub-index to 61.1, from 63.2 in April. The non-manufacturing industry also benefited from the recovering economy with the non-manufacturing index falling from April’s 56.3 to 55.4 last month, a separate report found. While domestic demand accounts for a lion’s share of GDP, exports tend to affect its showing and the uptrend reflects benign external demand, Wu said. This story has been viewed 1022 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2017-05-26 to 2017-06-02 Most read Most e-mailed 1 EDITORIAL: A good day to be Taiwanese 2 NGO takes credit for Lee Ching-yu trip 3 Beijing protests US warship sailing near Spratlys 4 US warship drill meant to defy China’s claim over artificial island, official says 5 Marriage deadline, method unsure: Cabinet MORE  1 Extension requested for 228 claimants 2 Father George Martinson dies 3 Regulations stifling tech industry: TCA chairman 4 China to implement cybersecurity law despite concerns from foreign firms 5 New Southbound Policy: ‘Southbound policy’ takes off in schools MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2017 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.
Apple expanding Swift Playgrounds to teach coding for robots, drones and musical instruments | iLounge News iLounge Search NEW NEWS Sort by Category Recent Comments RSS Feed Submit News/Tip Archives Apple expanding Swift Playgrounds to teach… Plex adds Live TV support Nuvyyo adds new Tablo Dual to its over-the-air… Apple’s ‘Carpool Karaoke: The… Regulatory filings hint at four new iPads,… Apple releases WWDC app update ahead of next… REVIEWS + ACCESSORIES Recent Reviews Browse by Category iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories Apple Watch Accessories Speakers Headphones HomeKit Accessories Forum iLounge Books & Guides Submit a Product Elgato Eve Degree HomeKit Temperature &… 808 Audio Ear Canz Sport Marshall Monitor Black Bluetooth Headphones Mytek Brooklyn Digital-to-Analog Converter iWalk Watchman Backup Battery for Apple Watch,… Periodic Audio Mg, Ti, & Be In-Ear Monitors FEATURES Ask iLounge Best of the Year Awards Editorials Features Interviews Tutorials Reports Backstage Top Five: The Best Products for Building… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers… GEAR Apple Watch Bands Bags Batteries Car Mounts Fitness Screen Protectors Joby GripTight Pro Video Mount Native Union Cosmos Edition Lightning Cables Twelve South RelaxedLeather for iPhone 7… Just Mobile Xtand Vent Twelve South Journal for iPhone 7 and iPhone… DODOcase Leather Card Case for iPhone 7 and… MAC Macs Apps Cases Speakers Cameras Furniture Decor Mounts Extras Kensington Laptop Locking Station 2.0 IK Multimedia Syntronik Aspyr Media Mafia III Satechi Type-C Pro Hub for MacBook Pro Bloop Airmail 3.2.5 Blizzard Entertainment StarCraft HELP! Help! Links Forums Ask iLounge Tips Tutorials Apple Support Links FAQs iLounge Books & Guides Company Directory Viewing and Managing all of your Apple devices… Capturing iOS and tvOS screenshots using… Checking the Weather in the Maps app in iOS… Sharing HomeKit Access Correcting your iPhone’s Pronunciation Opening a Playlist in a separate window in… DEALS iLounge Deals brings our readers exclusive deals on gadgets, iOS accessories, consumer tech software, e-learning, and more, with a wide range of products and new deals added daily. Daily Deal: Pagico 8.7 Daily Deal: Moskito Smartphone App Controlled… Daily Deal: Sinji Panoramic Smart WiFi Camera Daily Deal: Glowbar Speaker Daily Deal: iKlips miReader 4K Daily Deal: Drive Genius 5 Standard License GALLERIES FORUMS iPod, iPhone & iPad Problems & Solutions Accessories iTunes & other software Filling Your Device Community Search Forums SHOP ABOUT US The Team Advertise Contact Us Submit App News Submit News News Apple expanding Swift Playgrounds to teach coding for robots, drones and musical instruments By Jesse Hollington @jhollington ● 15 hours ago In advance of next week’s Worldwide Developers Conference, Apple has announced that Swift Playgrounds, its educational coding app for iPad, will be expanded to teach kids to code using robots, drones, and musical instruments. Apple has already been working behind the scenes with several companies, including LEGO Mindstorms Education EV3, Sphere SPRK+, Parrot, and others, to enable Bluetooth-enabled robots to be connected and interfaced with in the Swift Playgrounds app. The new features are expected to arrive in a version 1.5 update to be released on the App Store next Monday. “More than 1 million kids and adults from around the world are already using Swift Playgrounds to learn the fundamentals of coding with Swift in a fun and interactive way,” said Craig Federighi, Apple’s senior vice president of Software Engineering. “Now they can instantly see the code they create and directly control their favorite robots, drones and instruments through Swift Playgrounds. It’s an incredibly exciting and powerful way to learn.” Users of Swift Playgrounds will be able to command robotic LEGO creatures, Sphero robotic balls, Parrot’s Mambo, Airborne and Rolling Spider drones, UBTECH’s Jimu Robot MeeBot Kit, and Wonder Workshop’s Dash Robot by writing code to control motors, read device sensors, perform aerial acrobatics, and walk, roll, wave, and dance, depending on the device’s capabilities. The new version will also support the Skoog tactile cube so that kids can code apps that allow them to explore music creation with Swift code. Swift Playgrounds was first unveiled at last year’s WWDC event, and released in the fall with iOS 10 with the goal of teaching kids how to code in Apple’s newest programming language through fun and interactive coding tutorials. Comments PureGear Summer Kick-Off Giveaway » Related Stories Report provides new insights into Apple’s upcoming Siri smart speaker Apple releases WWDC app update ahead of next week’s event Apple releases second round of betas for iOS 10.3.3, tvOS 10.2.2, watchOS 3.2.3 Apple announces Live Stream of WWDC 2017 Keynote Apple and Nokia settle patent dispute Qualcomm sues Apple suppliers over withholding royalties Subscribe to iLounge Weekly Recent News Apple expanding Swift Playgrounds to teach coding for robots, drones and musical instruments Plex adds Live TV support Report provides new insights into Apple’s upcoming Siri smart speaker Nuvyyo adds new Tablo Dual to its over-the-air TV DVR lineup Apple’s ‘Carpool Karaoke: The Series’ to debut August 8 Regulatory filings hint at four new iPads, new Magic Keyboard for possible release at WWDC Apple releases WWDC app update ahead of next week’s event Android pioneer Andy Rubin announces ‘Essential Home’ Smart Home Hub Apple releases second round of betas for iOS 10.3.3, tvOS 10.2.2, watchOS 3.2.3 Apple developing dedicated AI chip Recent Reviews Elgato Eve Degree HomeKit Temperature & Humidity Monitor 808 Audio Ear Canz Sport Marshall Monitor Black Bluetooth Headphones Mytek Brooklyn Digital-to-Analog Converter iWalk Watchman Backup Battery for Apple Watch, iPhone, and iPad Periodic Audio Mg, Ti, & Be In-Ear Monitors Hidrate Spark 2.0 Smart Water Bottle 808 Audio Canz GLO and Canz H2O Bluetooth Speakers Adaptive Sound Technologies LectroFan micro Wireless Speaker and Sleep Sound Generator FABRIQ AirPlay and Bluetooth Alexa-Enabled Speaker Recent Articles Top Five: The Best Products for Building a Smart Home with HomeKit Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of watchOS 3 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of tvOS 10 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of iOS 10 Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced Computer Vision Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers ‘clarity and simplicity’ Inside the betas: iOS 10 Maps gets a major redesign Inside the betas: iOS 10 shakes up the user experience Inside the betas: watchOS 3 promises a real speed boost Inside the betas: A sneak peek at what’s new in tvOS 10 Win Subscribe Buy ADVERTISE | CONTACT US Search Sign up for the iLounge Weekly Newsletter iLounge is an independent resource for all things iPod, iPhone, iPad, and beyond. iPod, iPhone, iPad, iTunes, Apple TV, Mac, and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc. iLounge is © 2001 - 2017 iLounge, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Music THEHOTLIST.am Replay Collections Mobile Charts iPhone iPad Android Wearables Mac TV Movies Deals Connect with us RAZMAG.com Music THEHOTLIST.am Replay Collections Mobile Charts iPhone iPad Android Wearables Mac TV Movies Deals Bloomberg: Siri Speaker To Debut at WWDC17 Share Tweet Here’s What’s Moving in #NEWMUSIC — This Friday [LISTEN] McEnery Convention Center Dripped in WWDC Signage [PHOTOS] Now On iTunes U.S: 10-Movie Bundles for $19.99 ea. 100th Episode of #OneMix — Streaming 6/2 @ 11AM PT. iOS Bloomberg: Siri Speaker To Debut at WWDC17 By Arron Hirst 14 hours ago Share Tweet Over the past several months, talk surrounding whether or not Apple may be planning to launch a smart speaker powered by its assistant – Siri, has been steadily increasing … And now, the rumor-mill might just have the confirmation it has been waiting for … Although the Cupertino company has remained predictably silent on its future plans to integrate the sassy helper into an Echo-style solution, Bloomberg has outed a report this week in which it cites sources close to the situation as claiming that Apple has in fact started manufacturing a “long-in-the-works, Siri-controlled smart speaker.” “Apple could debut the speaker as soon as its annual developer conference in June, but the device will not be ready to ship until later in the year,” the source added. The product is set to rival that of Amazon Echo and Google Home devices as it is reported to offer “virtual surround sound” technology and deep integration with the firm’s existing ecosystem … …and that fact alone could put it at a distinct advantage over other offerings, as Bloomberg notes that Apple Music compatibility -an ability notably missing from other current smart speaker offerings- is expected to be a given. “Sources say Apple employees have been testing the speaker in their homes for several months,” iClarified adds. Apple is expected to hold its annual Worldwide Developers Conference at the San Jose McEnery Convention Center – between June 5-9. Continue Reading You may also like... Here’s What’s Moving in #NEWMUSIC — This Friday [LISTEN] McEnery Convention Center Dripped in WWDC Signage [PHOTOS] Now On iTunes U.S: 10-Movie Bundles for $19.99 ea. 100th Episode of #OneMix — Streaming 6/2 @ 11AM PT. Related Topics:2017, AI, Amazon Echo, Assistant, Bloomberg, Featured, featured top, Google Home, iOS, Siri, Siri Speaker, Smart Speaker, Speaker, Worldwide Developers Conference, WWDC, WWDC17 Arron Hirst In an attempt to merge the worlds of music, design and journalism, Arron is perhaps best known for founding online news brand: RazorianFly; a hobby which grew to attract a monthly audience of 120K. Today he can be found designing and writing for RAZMAG.com whilst also managing #THEHOTLIST - a weekly updating playlist of the hottest new artists, now streaming on Apple Music. More in iOS iOS Now Available: iOS 10.3.3, macOS 10.12.6, watchOS 3.2.3 + tvOS 10.2.2 (Beta 2) By Arron Hirst30th May 17 11:54 pm Continuing its development drive for each of the upcoming updates, Apple on Tuesday posted a slew... Deals 20 iOS Games Under $5 — This Weekend [LIST] By Arron Hirst27th May 17 2:24 am With the long May bank holiday weekend now in full swing, the iOS App Store is... iOS iOS 11 Features Envisioned In Stunning New Concept [VIDEO] By Arron Hirst20th May 17 1:39 am We’ve featured a lot of the visual mock-up work designer Sam Beckett has produced over the... Apple Apple Pay Officially Goes Live In Italy By Arron Hirst18th May 17 7:33 pm Despite the WSJ highlighting that Apple’s wireless payment solution is “yet to make plastic obsolete,” the... Apple Apple Releases iOS 10.3.2, macOS 10.12.5, tvOS 10.2.1 + watchOS 3.2.2 By Arron Hirst15th May 17 11:41 pm In testing for a number of weeks, as the company aimed to work out all of... Apple Here’s What You May Have Missed [9/5-11/5] By Arron Hirst12th May 17 4:25 pm With WWDC fast approaching, and rumours of Apple’s next-generation iPhones continuing to swirl, a lot has... Apple Apple Announces Q2, 2017 Earnings Results [PR] By Arron Hirst3rd May 17 1:08 am As expected, Apple on Tuesday revealed its earnings results for the second quarter of FY2017 –... iOS Bloomberg: Apple is Ready To Go All-In On AR [REPORT] By Arron Hirst25th Apr 17 1:04 am In a move which could hint at some potentially cool future enhancements coming to its mobile... iOS Apple Seeds iOS 10.3.2, macOS 10.12.4, tvOS 10.2.1 and watchOS 3.2.2 (Beta 4) By Arron Hirst24th Apr 17 8:51 pm Just a week after it seeded the third betas of iOS 10.3.2, macOS 10.12.4, tvOS 10.2.1... #THEHOTLIST A weekly updating playlist full of the hottest breaking vibes. Now streaming — Only on MUSIC. Weekly Pick More info iPhone + iPad WWDC FREE Current Promotions ✨ Explore these digital deals — but hurry! £6.99 HD: All The LOLs Flash [£9.99 HD] House of Cards [From £9.99 HD] Wizard of Oz [£5.99 HD] Man of Steel [£5.99 HD] HP: Deathly Hallows P2 [£5.99 HD] Gremlins [£5.99 HD] 69¢ Songs iBooks: Collision [FREE] HD Film Bundles 99p HD Movie Rentals Under £5: Futurescapes Discovered on MUSIC BUY Stickers See All More info iPhone + iPad Sticker Pop! $0.99 More info iPhone + iPad MarcyMoji FREE Hot Movies See All Explore these trending movies .... ﻿ BUY Logan $14.99 BUY The Edge of Seventeen $9.99 BUY John Wick: Chapter 2 $14.99 Browse the App Store Choose a category to get started ... Books Business Catalogs Education Entertainment Finance Food & Drink Games Indie Games Health and Fitness Lifestyle Magazines & Newspapers Medical Music Navigation News Photo & Video Productivity Reference Shopping Social Networking Sports Stickers Travel Utilities Weather Where to Next? iOS | Apple's mobile operating system. iPhone | The phone that changed it all. iPad | Cupertino's magical tablet. Mac | Insanely Great. Rising on Mac See All More info Mac Holy Potatoes! We’re in Space?! $13.99 More info Mac SimCity™: Complete Edition $29.99 More info Mac Never Alone $14.99 Search the Archive Search the Archive Select Month June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 February 2012 August 2011 January 2011 0 ABOUT POLICY RSS Copyright © 2017 RAZMAG.com. The Apple® logo, App Store®, iPhone®, iPod®, iPad®, Mac®, iTunes®, watchOS® and tvOS™ are trademarks of Apple Inc. iOS is a trademark or registered trademark of Cisco in the U.S. and other countries. All other content remains the property of its respective owners. RAZMAG™ is a division of RazorianFly. version 10.0 To Top
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH  • Business •  Markets Money Real Estate Legal Corporate News One News Page > Business > Apple’s Swift Playgrounds expands to drones, robots Apple’s Swift Playgrounds expands to drones, robots Thursday, 1 June 2017 (16 hours ago) Apple said Thursday its Swift Playgrounds app will expand the ways it teaches students how to code, giving people the ability to program and control drones, robots and musical instruments. The Cupertino tech giant is working with several companies including Lego, Parrot Education and Sphero to bring these new options to Swift Playgrounds on June 5. “We think coding is part of today’s society, whether you want to grow up to be a software developer and understand the world around you,” said Susan Prescott, vice president of product marketing for apps, markets and services. Most of the rest are written in Objective-C, an older language that some developers view as having a steeper learning curve. Analysts say Apple is pushing Swift Playgrounds in order to reach potential customers at an earlier age and get them to use Apple products. iPads were once the preferred device for U.S. classrooms, but in 2014, the iPad lost its lead to Google’s Chromebook, a durable laptop available in cheaper versions than the Apple tablet. “Getting consumers to interact with Apple in a whole bunch of different ways helps develop that positive relationship early,” said Jennifer Kent, a director of research at Parks Associates, a Dallas research and consulting firm. Samsung is the leading maker of devices that run Google’s Android operating system, the chief rival to Apple’s iOS software. » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Source: TechCrunch TV News - 14 hours ago< > Embed Apple brings hardware to Swift Playgrounds 01:37 Learning to program can be tough, and learning to program real world objects introduces all new challenges. Apple is bringing third-party devices — think robots and drones — into Swift Playgrounds to teach users how to write code for the world around them. You Might Like Recent related news Apple’s Swift Playgrounds coding app now supports robots, drones, and toysApple today announced that its education programming iPad app, Swift Playgrounds, will soon support robots and drones. That means young kids and students will be... The Verge 16 hours ago - Technology Swift Playgrounds Will Soon Be Able to Program and Control Robots, Drones, and InstrumentsApple today announced that Swift Playgrounds, its iPad app aimed at making learning how to code interactive and fun, will be able to program and control robots,... MacRumours.com 16 hours ago - Computer Industry Swift Playgrounds Expands Coding Education to Robots, Drones & Musical InstrumentsCUPERTINO, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apple® today announced that Swift Playgrounds™, its educational coding app for iPad®, will offer an exciting new way to... Business Wire 16 hours ago - Press Releases Apple Swift Playgrounds can now program your robots and dronesApple doesn't build robots or drones, but now you can use its software to program them. On Thursday, Apple announced that, starting June 5, its increasingly... Mashable 11 hours ago - Internet Apple's Coding App Will Soon Control Robots, DronesApple's Swift Playgrounds educational coding app for iPad will soon connect with third-party devices like Lego Mindstorms Education EV3, Sphero SPRK+ robotic... PCMag.com 9 hours ago - Computer IndustryAlso reported by •Macworld •AppleInsider •TUAW Learn to use Swift to write apps: Apple makes Swift training free via iBooksThe app economy is a huge business, and with iPhones and iPads the primary computing device for a lot of people, iOS app development is in high demand. For... Macworld 1 week ago - Computer Industry Alabama community colleges selected for Apple tech training programThe Alabama community college system was one of six in the nation to be selected by Apple Inc. for a new app-development curriculum. The program will allow... bizjournals 1 week ago - Business Apple to launch Siri-controlled smart speaker to rival Amazon Echo and Google HomeApple Inc. (NASDAQ:APPL) has reportedly started production of a Siri-controlled smart speaker to rival Amazoncom Inc.'s (NASDAQ:AMZN) Echo and Alphabet Inc's... Proactive Investors 18 hours ago - Business Other recent news in Business Here's why it'll take years for Trump to pull the US out of the PARIS CLIMATE agreement 'Bad for the environment, bad for the economy:' Facebook, Google, and Amazon react to Trump's decision to withdraw from PARIS CLIMATE AGREEMENT (AAPL, GOOG, GOOGL) France, Germany, Italy issue joint statement saying Paris CLIMATE ACCORD can’t be renegotiated How the Paris CLIMATE DEAL helps business BLUE APRON files to go public THERESA MAY pledges to work with Square Mile on post-Brexit deal HIGH TIMES, the 'Coca-Cola' of cannabis media, was acquired for $70 million by Damian Marley and a group of investors Is this UK route really EUROPE's best stretch of road? PARIS AGREEMENT withdrawal: Disney CEO Bob Iger joins Elon Musk in quitting Donald Trump's advisory council BRITISH AIRWAYS embroiled in travel insurance row Twitter David Ikenouye #Swift Playgrounds expands coding education to new devices - Apple#LEGOMINDSTORMS @JShoota1 cool for the boy https://t.co/ADX5R5MYla 5 minutes ago Erymar RT @AppleEDU: Bring your @LEGO_Education MINDSTORMS EV3 creations to life using real code w/ #SwiftPlaygrounds! https://t.co/Yg2ND2vRoy #Ev… 5 minutes ago Rakhesh Sasidharan Swift Playgrounds Expands Coding Education to Robots, Drones and Musical Instruments https://t.co/ar2jHfHXex 5 minutes ago Rocio RT @ffarres: Whoaaa @Apple https://t.co/6ireCOsXdi 5 minutes ago Chin PS "Swift Playgrounds Expands Coding Education to Robots, Drones and Musical Instruments" #apple #feedly https://t.co/2sTnLJbz5w 7 minutes ago Robotics Newz Apple expands Swift Playgrounds to robots, drones https://t.co/1uqsLVLKH4 https://t.co/xNzMhz9M38 9 minutes ago Facebook Page People Donald Trump Kevin Durant LeBron James Tiger Woods Vladimir Putin Current Topics Supreme Court NBA Finals Trump Administration Trump Severed Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories What Is 'COVFEFE', And What Does It Have To Do With Trump? Kathy Griffin's Trump Photo Causes A Stir - And Severs Her Ties With CNN Corbyn Bites Back - Was His Debate Decision The Killer Move Labour Need? MOVIE REVIEW: Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales Charity Concert For Manchester Bombing Victims To Take Place This Sunday - And There's Big Stars Involved MOVIE REVIEW: Baywatch Nintendo Shares Hit Their Highest Since 2010 - Is The Switch To Thank? Why Is This Latest McDonald's Commercial Causing Controversy? Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Apple Hardware smart speaker Report: Apple's Siri-powered home speaker now at manufacturing stage, will launch later this year It could be unveiled at WWDC next week By Rob Thubron on Jun 1, 2017, 6:15 AM TechSpot Smart speakers like Amazon's Echo line and Google Home are proving very popular, so it wasn’t too surprising when rumors of Apple’s interest in the market surfaced last year. Now, a new report says that a Siri-controlled device is already being manufactured and will be unveiled at WWDC next week, but the launch date won’t arrive until later in the year. KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo’s recent prediction that Apple could show off a smart speaker at its Worldwide Developers Conference has been echoed by Bloomberg, which cites “people familiar with the matter.” The report claims that Apple’s speaker will differ from those already available through its focus on sound quality. It’s said to feature “virtual sound technology” and “more advanced acoustics” than what Amazon and Google offer in their devices, resulting in a louder and crisper room-filling experience. It may even contain sensors that measure the noise in a room and automatically adjust sound levels accordingly. Apple Music will likely be a big feature of the speaker, as will intelligent assistant Siri and Apple’s HomeKit system, which lets users control compatible smart home devices. “This will be a platform for developing Apple’s services,” Gene Munster, a co-founder of Loup Ventures and former Apple analyst, told Bloomberg. Third-party services are also “likely” to be supported – a possible explanation behind the late launch, as this gives developers more time to work on supporting the speaker. Inventec Corp., the Taiwanese manufacturer that makes Apple’s AirPod headphones, will build the device, which has secretly been tested in the homes of Apple employees for the last few months. Apple is also said to be revealing new software, updated MacBook Pros, and several iPads at WWDC. Related Reads Apple renames OS X as macOS, brings Siri and Apple Pay to the desktop Apple reportedly wants to use Siri to transcribe your voicemails Apple is working on Siri-based rival to the Echo Post a comment 41 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… Apple says third-party batteries to blame for exploding Beats Most iPhone owners intend to buy an iPhone 8, despite the high price Apple is reportedly about to kill off the iPad Mini Popular 18 comments 10 free Steam games worth playing 8 comments Corsair One Review Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise
Share Tweet Find out what Apple has in store for WWDC 2017 PC Advisor Phones Smartphone reviews Best smartphones Smartphone tips Smartphone buying advice Smartphone deals Laptops Laptops reviews Laptops tips Best laptops Laptops buying advice Tablets Tablet reviews Best tablets Tablet tips Tablets buying advice Deals Reviews Smartphones Laptops Tablets PCs Software Apps Printers Storage Devices Wearable Tech Digital Home Wi-Fi and Networking Games consoles Tech accessories Audio Displays Graphics cards Cameras Computer Mice and Keyboards How To Windows Security Apple Android Smartphones Tablets Software Laptops Broadband Gadgets Games Smart Home Audio Photo & Video Printing Components Desktop PCs Peripherals PC Upgrades Linux Business Enterprise Social Networks Tech Industry Internet 3D Storage Downloads Windows downloads Mac downloads Linux downloads iPad & iPhone downloads Android downloads Windows Mobile downloads Audio, Video & Photo downloads Backup & Recovery downloads Design & Illustration downloads Developer & Programming downloads Disc Burning downloads Finance & Accounts downloads Games downloads Hobbies & Home Entertainment downloads Internet Tools downloads Kids & Education downloads Networking Tools downloads Office & Business downloads Operating Systems & Distros downloads Portable Applications downloads Security downloads Social Networking downloads System & Desktop Tools downloads Forums Tech Helproom Windows Help Digital Home & Smartphones Help Consumer Rights Advice Apple Help Games Speakers Corner Beta Testing All All Features Reviews How-Tos Downloads Forums Search PC Advisor Reviews How to Group Tests Features Buying Advice New Products Deals Forums Advisors Games Entertainment fb tw am yt rss Hot Topics Windows 10 on Snapdragon Intel Core i9 Surface Pro 5 Nokia 3310 Google I/O 2017 Destiny 2 Latest Tech Deals » Home Feature Apple Feature What to expect at WWDC 2017 What to expect at WWDC 2017 Apple's developer conference takes place in June and here's what you can expect from WWDC 2017 in terms of software and hardware. Everything you need to know about this year's WWDC By Chris Martin | 24 May 2017 Apple's WWDC 2017 (worldwide developer conference) is fast approaching so here's what to expect from the iPhone maker this year. We've got dates, keynote times and a look at the possible software and hardware announcements. WWDC 2017 dates and times If you're wondering 'when is WWCD 2017?' then it starts on 5 June and runs until 9 June. The conference takes place at the McEnery Convention Center in San Jose, California. The WWDC 2017 keynote will start at 10am PDT on 5 June so that's 6pm in the UK. You'll be able to watch a live stream as usual - check back for details nearer the time. What to expect at WWDC 2017 Much of the conference will be understandably for developers who are in attendance, but all eyes will be the keynote for major announcements. The event will be typically focused on software but there might also be hardware announcements, too. Let's start with software. WWDC 2017 new software You can bet that Apple will talk about iOS 11 at the conference and the firm is rumoured to be working on a social networking app similar to Facebook, Instagram and Snapchat. Many are hoping that iOS 11 will have some iPad specific updates like improved zooming and scrolling. Next up is macOS which is Apple's operating system for MacBooks, iMacs and the like. We'll get to see what's new in macOS 10.13. If you tune in you'll likely hear updates about Apple's other operating systems. We're expecting tvOS 11 and watchOS 4. WWDC 2017 new hardware Software is often less exciting compared to hardware but this year's WWDC is tipped to have some new products. For starters Apple is rumoured to be taking on smart speakers like the Amazon Echo and Google Home with a Siri Speaker. We're certainly interested to see what this could be like. Next up is a new iPad Pro and the long rumoured 10.5in model. The new tablet could have a similar size to the current 9.7in screen but the larger display thanks to smaller bezels. You can also expect updates such as the processor, cameras and more. On the Mac side of things, Apple is thought to be unveiling new MacBooks and MacBook Pros with new processors. It's possible there will be a new MacBook Air but this is less likely. WWDC 2016: What Apple did and didn't launch Apple's annual developer conference is focused on software,and it outlined updates to all four of its platforms: iOS, macOS, tvOS and watchOS. Last year Apple made several big announcements at WWDC 2015, the headline-grabber being Apple Music, a global music service that Apple says offers all Apple users access to all of the music they want all of the time. watchOS 3 It spent a good chunk of time on watchOS 3 which has quite a few useful updates, including 'instant' launching apps which can update in the background so are ready when you tap them. That's great news for Watch owners fed up with the long loading times currently. The interface has been tweaked to make it a lot more intuitive and like iOS. It now has a Control Centre and it's far easier to switch between watch faces, of which there are a few new ones. The Workouts app has been updated and you can now share your stats and compete with friends. Some of the new faces incorporate the activity circles. iOS 10 Most time, though, was spent on iOS 10. It gets a heck of a lot of new features, including redesigned lock screen notifications which are interactive, and there's a raise-to-see gesture that shows them without you needing to press a button (or fly past them when you unlock your phone with Touch ID). Music has been overhauled and is much more intuitive - it's much easier to navigate your library and see which music is actually downloaded to your phone. Similarly News has been improved so you can see which category a story comes under, and it will intelligently create categories where none exist, such as Formula 1. Photos gets intelligent and will use your iPhone (or iPad's) power to do scene and face recognition and surface events such as trips "at the right time" for you to reminisce. It will also automatically create videos of events - you can edit and share them. Messages also gets a big overhaul, and is now open to developers. You can tap on words to automatically replace them with emoticons, and set bubble effects and even full screen effects. One highlight is the new ability to hide photos and text which the recipient can reveal. And thanks to third-party apps, you'll be able to do other things (as you can already in other messenger apps) such as paying money you owe to friends, or using stickers. There's a public beta of iOS 10 which you'll be able to try when it is released in July. Read more about the new features in iOS 10. tvOS 10 Last September, Apple launched tvOS 9 with the latest Apple TV model so this will be the first major update since the fourth-gen Apple TV arrived. In fact, the update isn't all that huge. Siri gets more capabilities and there's a few new channels and interface tweaks, one being Dark Mode which is better for night-time viewing. A handy new feature is Single Sign-On which should do away with those annoying sign-in screens, codes and other stuff that gets between you and your viewing pleasure. macOS Sierra There's more software to talk about, including Siri integration within macOS Sierra. The virtual assistant is making its Mac debut to compete with the likes of Cortana on Windows 10 after two and a half years of internal testing. Users will also be able to unlock their Macs using their Apple Watch, and pay for things using Apple Pay in Safari, authenticating payments with fingerprint recognition via Touch ID on an iPhone, using Continuity.  For a lot of people, new hardware will be more exciting than software but despite rumours that Apple will refresh its MacBook Pro line this year, there were no announcements in the keynote. The MacBook Pro 2016 is tipped to get a boost in graphics performance thanks to a new AMD/Nvidia GPU, and will also come with the latest Intel Skylake chips.  More recent rumours suggest that the MacBook Pro has undergone an Air-esque redesign, making it thinner and lighter than ever without compromising on power. Rumours also suggest it'll include a Touch ID sensor and a touchscreen-enabled OLED display to replace the function keys, allowing customisable function keys in future. No surprises that Apple didn't launch the Apple Watch 2, saying that with watchOS 3 "[the original Apple Watch] will feel like a new watch". watchOS 3 will be launching to the public in September 2016.  Tags: Smart Home , Gadgets , Software , Apple Share this article Share Tweet Send ﻿ Hi. I saw this on PC Advisor and thought you should see it too. Comments Comments Hands-on: Asus ROG Zephyrus review Design collaboration tool Wake is now available for free Complete guide to Apple Park SPONSORED LINKS Synology invites you to visit them at Insomnia on 26th – 29th August. Book your tickets now and visit Synology. Tech Reviews Tech News Tech How To Tech Buying Advice Laptop Reviews PC Reviews Printer Reviews Smartphone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearables Reviews PC & Laptop Storage Reviews Antivirus Reviews Best Tech Deals Tech Forums Tech Advisor France - Tests complets, conseils, vidéos Digital Magazine UK Tech Weekly Podcast: Soundcloud / iTunes Advertising & Partnerships Advisors 3D Advisor Android Advisor Apple Advisor Broadband Advisor Business Advisor Laptops Advisor Photo & Video Advisor Printing Advisor Security Advisor Smart Home Advisor Smartphones Advisor Tablets Advisor Windows Advisor About Contact Site Map Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Cookies Follow Tech Advisor on Twitter Follow Tech Advisor on Facebook © Copyright 2017 IDG UK. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump ObamaCare Russia Just In... Trump appeals travel ban case to Supreme Court Blog Briefing Room — 3h 40m ago White House may have broke ethics rule with retroactive waiver: report Administration — 4h 15m ago Franken walks back defense of event with Kathy Griffin Blog Briefing Room — 4h 29m ago MIT officials: Trump misunderstood our climate research Blog Briefing Room — 4h 45m ago Schwarzenegger slams Trump on Paris deal exit Blog Briefing Room — 4h 50m ago No evidence of Russia behind Marcon leaks: report Cybersecurity — 4h 52m ago GOP rep: Trump’s Paris deal exit ‘misguided’ House — 5h 21m ago Trump officials pressed State Dept staffers for plans to lift Russia sanctions: report National Security — 5h 34m ago view all   Tech firms push Trump to not withdraw from Paris climate agreement By Ali Breland - 06/01/17 12:06 PM EDT 144   Following reports that President Trump is expected to withdraw the U.S. from the Paris climate agreement, major technology firms moved swiftly on Thursday to urge the president to reconsider. On Thursday morning, major firms including Adobe, Apple, Facebook, Google, Hewlett Packard Enterprise, Intel, Microsoft and Salesforce paid for a full-page ad in both The New York Times and The Wall Street Journal urging Trump to keep the U.S. in the Paris climate agreement. Apple CEO Tim Cook and Tesla CEO Elon Musk were among the business leaders to personally call the White House in a last-ditch effort to keep the U.S. in the agreement, The Wall Street Journal reported. Musk took to Twitter to warn that if Trump elects to drop the U.S. from the climate deal, he will step down from his positions on White House advisory councils. Musk has earned significant criticism for his decision to stay on the councils in the past but has argued that it’s “important” to have a role in shaping discourse at the White House. ADVERTISEMENT Musk and Cook were only the initial wave in calls from the technology industry for Trump to keep the U.S. in the agreement.  IBM reaffirmed its support of the Paris climate deal on Thursday. "This agreement requires all participating countries to put forward their best efforts on climate change as determined by each country," Wayne Balta, vice president of environmental affairs at IBM, wrote in a blogpost. "IBM believes that it is easier to lead outcomes by being at the table, as a participant in the agreement, rather than from outside it." Dean Garfield, the president and CEO of the D.C. trade association Information Technology Industry Council, called the Paris agreement a "critical component" and a "responsibility." The council represents major tech firms like Twitter, Samsung and Dell. “The perception that we have to decide between creating jobs or tackling climate change is a false choice,” said Garfield. “It is not too late for the president to stay the course and work with the tech industry to ensure that more clean energy jobs continue to go to Americans and that U.S. leadership in innovation is second to none.” During a segment of CNBC’s "Squawk Box" on Thursday morning, CEO of HP Enterprise Meg Whitman also pleaded with the president. “Please do not withdraw from the Paris climate accord. This is not in the best interest of Americans,” Whitman said. “We need to own the next generation of jobs, whether that’s clean energy or 3-D printing or immunotherapy. This is an arena that America should lead and must lead.” Trump tweeted Wednesday that he would reveal his decision on the Paris accord at 3 p.m. on Thursday in a Rose Garden speech. Tags Donald Trump   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 Pittsburgh mayor fires back at... The mayor of Pittsburgh fired back at President Trump Thursday for his use... 303 Shares 2 Trump officials pressed State Dept... Trump administration officials pressed State Department staffers to... 170 Shares 3 O'Keefe facing $1 million lawsuit... The lawsuit accuses him of plotting to break D.C. laws against the secret... 147 Shares 4 Trump: We are getting out of Paris... President Trump rejected the Paris climate change agreement in thorough... 131 Shares 5 In praise of Trump pulling out of... OPINION | The deal’s goal will be breached shortly, making it a fig leaf,... 120 Shares 6 Trump pulls US out of Paris deal:... Trump has called the pact a “bad deal” for the United States. 116 Shares 7 Liberal governors team up to fight... Three liberal states are teaming up to fight climate change in response to... 100 Shares 8 How Trump left the Paris climate... Trump's decision was the culmination of a furious lobbying fight that... 90 Shares 9 Bloomberg: '55 percent chance'... Former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg thinks there's a "55 percent... 86 Shares 10 Apple CEO: I tried to get Trump to... Apple CEO Tim Cook hit back at President Trump's decision to pull the U.S... 84 Shares 11 GOP rep: If climate change is real... Rep. Tim Walberg (R-Mich.) told constituents last week that he believes if... 79 Shares 12 Obama: Trump rejects future by... Former President Obama blasted President Trump's decision to withdraw the... 78 Shares 13 World leaders warn Trump: ‘Paris... Foreign officials and many of America’s overseas allies slammed President... 74 Shares 14 MIT officials: Trump misunderstood... President Trump misunderstood a Massachusetts Institute of Technology... 73 Shares 15 Trump Paris fallout: Elon Musk... According to Musk’s own tweets, he had lobbied Trump for months for the U.... 71 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars TECH Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable MORE Entertainment Science Health Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars Tech   Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable More   Entertainment Science Health Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Apple hits $70bn milestone in App Store developer pay-outs Chris Davies - Jun 1, 2017 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Apple usually saves its App Store developer payout milestones to shout about at WWDC, but the Cupertino company clearly couldn’t wait this time around. According to Apple, developers worldwide have now earned in excess of $70 billion, since the App Store launched in 2008. Meanwhile, download rates are also said to be up significantly. In fact, Apple claims, App Store downloads have risen more than 70-percent in the past twelve months alone. It’s not just how many people are grabbing software for their iPhone or iPad, either. Apple says that active paid subscriptions have also increased, now up 58-percent year over year. As for specific categories, Apple has broken that down a little, too. When it comes to the top grossing segments of the App Store, Gaming and Entertainment lead the charge. Lifestyle, along with Health and Fitness, have both seen growth in the past year that exceeds 70-percent. Photo and Video has, as a category, seen almost 90-percent growth, meanwhile. It comes amid other milestones in the past few months. Back in January, for instance, Apple announced that New Year’s Day 2017 set a new record for downloads, while in the weeks beforehand titles like Super Mario Run and Pokemon GO fought for the title of “most one-day downloads“. All the same, it’s not been entirely smooth sailing, at least depending on whether you’re a customer or a developer, and where you live. In January, Apple revealed it would be increasing the price of paid apps in the UK, blaming Brexit – the UK’s vote to leave the European Union – for impacting the value of the pound. The decision saw the lowest pricing tier rise from £0.79 to £0.99, with other tiers also increasing by roughly 25-percent. For developers, there’s been the opportunity to now reply to reviews on the App Store, a right-to-reply that they’d been requesting for years. On the flip side, whether the iMessage App Store has proved quite as lucrative as Apple promised is questionable. That launched in September, promising sticker packs and more for the company’s messaging platform, but since then talk of it has faded. That could well change next week, mind. Apple’s WWDC 2017, its annual developer event, kicks off on Monday, June 5th, and while we’re expecting to see new MacBooks, new iPads, and new peripherals break cover during the opening keynote, for those creating software for iOS and macOS – along with tvOS and watchOS – it’s the rest of the week and its code-focused sessions that are likely to represent the most interest. Story Timeline iOS App Store may soon offer up personalized app recommendations iOS App Store predicted to host 5 million apps by 2020 Apple touts Apple Music subscriber numbers and App Store revenue Tags App StoreAppleiOSSoftware Must Read Bits & Bytes Trump pulls US from Paris Agreement: Elon Musk quits councils as tech firms react Pokemon GO Update with Promo Codes event [Try these!] HTC U11 Review: You won’t buy this, but you should Elon Musk will quit Trump’s councils if US leaves Paris Agreement Nest Cam IQ intros lossless zoom and facial recognition: Hands-on Latest Headlines LG Pay finally launches, in Korea only for now Jun 2, 2017 OneLogin attacker may have gotten ability to decrypt data Jun 1, 2017 Nintendo Switch Online service will be delayed Jun 1, 2017 Galaxy S8 Pirates of the Caribbean Edition is official (and hard to get) Jun 1, 2017 Canon EOS C200 and C200B cinema cameras arrive in August Jun 1, 2017 Latest Reviews HTC U11 Review: You won’t buy this, but you should Jun 1, 2017 Elgato Eve Degree Review: A simple temperature & humidity HomeKit sensor May 31, 2017 Lenovo Thinkpad 13 Review (2017): Cheap and mostly cheerful May 30, 2017 Cinder Grill Review: Sous-vide’s even geekier rival May 29, 2017 Pirates of the Caribbean 5 Review: A bad end to an OK series May 29, 2017 Search © 2005-2017 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « HP and Others announce new Mobile 2-in-1 Devices with ARM Processors, Windows 10 & Always-On Connectivity | Main June 01, 2017 Apple Announces that Swift Playgrounds Expands Coding Education to Robots, Drones and Musical Instruments   Today Apple announced that Swift Playgrounds, its educational coding app for iPad, will offer an exciting new way to learn to code using robots, drones and musical instruments. Swift Playgrounds is perfect for students and beginners learning to code with Swift, Apple's powerful and intuitive programming language for building world-class apps. Apple is working with leading device makers to make it easy to connect to Bluetooth-enabled robots within the Swift Playgrounds app, allowing kids to program and control popular devices, including LEGO MINDSTORMS Education EV3, the Sphero SPRK+, Parrot drones and more. The Swift Playgrounds 1.5 update will be available as a free download on the App Store beginning Monday, June 5.     "More than 1 million kids and adults from around the world are already using Swift Playgrounds to learn the fundamentals of coding with Swift in a fun and interactive way," said Craig Federighi, Apple's senior vice president of Software Engineering. "Now they can instantly see the code they create and directly control their favorite robots, drones and instruments through Swift Playgrounds. It's an incredibly exciting and powerful way to learn."   "Today we're combining efforts with Apple to provide even more students around the world with the opportunity to learn how to code," said Esben Stærk Jørgensen, president, LEGO Education. "We're pairing the familiar LEGO bricks and our hands-on approach to playful learning found in LEGO MINDSTORMS Education EV3 with Swift Playgrounds' powerful learning platform so now anyone can program their LEGO MINDSTORMS creation with real Swift code."   With Swift Playgrounds, anyone can program and control these popular devices from within the app:   •LEGO MINDSTORMS Education EV3 are incredibly popular in schools around the world and give students the power to explore coding through real-life problem solving as they create and command their own robotic LEGO creatures, vehicles, machines and inventions. With Swift Playgrounds kids can code and interact with their creations' motors and sensors.   •Sphero SPRK+, a popular robotic ball, rolls, turns, accelerates and changes colors. Sensors provide feedback when Sphero hits an obstacle, and all of it can be controlled with Swift code.     •Parrot's Mambo, Airborne and Rolling Spider drones can take off, land, turn and perform aerial figures like flips, all under the control of code users create.   •Skoog is a tactile cube that enables children of all abilities to have fun exploring, creating and playing music with Swift code.   •UBTECH's Jimu Robot MeeBot Kit lets kids program their buildable robot to walk, wave and dance.   Pricing & Availability   Swift Playgrounds 1.5 with support for third-party devices will be available as a free download on the App Store beginning Monday, June 5. Swift Playgrounds is compatible with all iPad Air and iPad Pro models and iPad mini 2 and later running iOS 10 or later. For more information, visit: www.apple.com/swift/playgrounds.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.       Posted by Jack Purcher on June 01, 2017 at 10:19 AM in 5. Apple News | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts HP and Others announce new Mobile 2-in-1 Devices with ARM Processors, Windows 10 & Always-On Connectivity Sony Limits their Image Sensor Capacity to Give Apple and Three Chinese OEMs Priority for Image Sensors Apple invents a new Integrated Microphone and Vibration Sensor to Provide Superior Headset Noise Cancellation Apple Advances their work on a 3D Virtual Character Creation App for Gaming on iDevices, Apple TV & future Headset News of Inventec Winning the Contract for Apple's version of a Home Speaker Device with Siri Resurfaces A Major Roundup of the Latest Samsung Smartphone Designs from the U.S Patent Office HP Chooses Microsoft's Cortana for their new Smart Home Speaker Device as Revealed at Computex The Day after the Essential 'Phone' Unveiling we take a Peek at their Patents and a Possible Future Project AMD Introduces Threadripper at Computex Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. Apple News 6A - Rumors, Supply Chain + 6B. Non-Apple Reports, Editorials, Opinons 7. Apple / Market Statistics 8. Apple Events & Financial News 9. 3D, Siri, Facial/Audio Biometrics Apple Accessories Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple Macs Apple Pay Apple Pencil + Apple Store Apple Watch AppleTV Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Haptics, Sensors & Tactile Maps/Indoor Mapping + Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Software + OS Wireless Charging See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
Weather Your 4-day local weather forecast Friday June 2, 2017 Life & Style Technology Larger / SmallerNight Mode Razer Blade Stealth review: beautiful ultrabook gets cheaper, more powerful Tim Biggs 27 Feb 2017, 10:59 a.m. Last year's Razer Blade Stealth was determined to match or beat Apple's 12-inch MacBook at every turn, and it succeeded. Now the gap has widened even further. Razer Blade Stealth review: beautiful ultrabook gets cheaper, more powerful The matte black Stealth is as beautiful (and fingerprint-hungry) as ever. Photo: Razer At only 13.1mm thick the Stealth is very portable, as long as you have regular access to a charging point Photo: Razer The animated, rainbow keys may look like a gimmick, but they offer a heap of customisation options. Photo: Razer Tweet Facebook of ╳ exit Local Business The original Razer Blade Stealth made an impact as a 12.5-inch Windows laptop that seemed determined to match or beat Apple's 12-inch MacBook at every turn — from specs to design to portability to price — and in my opinion it succeeded. The recently-released refreshed version of the machine pushes the boundaries of the small form factor even further, and also manages to do so at a lower price point. Starting at $1499.95, the new Stealth looks identical to the old one. Combining a sleek, super-sturdy black metal frame with individually lit RGB keys, it's up to you if you want to keep things stealthy with plain white, green or any other colour keys, or you can go nuts with bright neons, rainbow waves or reactive animations as you type. It's a gimmick you usually only see on keyboards and laptops meant specifically for gaming, but it does wonders for productivity too (not to mention aesthetics). For example you can easily set the keys to change their lighting pattern so that every time you open Photoshop your favourite shortcut keys are colour-coded. Once again keys are spaced nicely and are comfortable to type on, but only as far as you can expect on such a light and thin ultrabook. The stealth weighs in at 1.29kg and is a mere 13mm thick, and consequently key travel is shallow enough that long sessions of typing had me feeling some fatigue. The touchpad is a similar story, it feels great and works perfectly but bigger would be nicer. Thankfully the screen is multi-touch so even if you're not packing a mouse you can get around OK. Elsewhere you still have the two standard USB 3.0 ports plus a full sized HDMI, and a Thunderbolt 3 port for fast charging, DisplayPort or USB-C devices. Inside, the machine follows the exact philosophy of its 2016 forbear but with a few slight upgrades in just the right places. It still runs an Intel i7 processor, but this time it's a 7th Gen Kaby Lake chip. It's clocked slightly higher than last year's CPU at 2.7Ghz (turbo to 3.5GHz). Subsequently it also packs integrated Intel graphics (like pretty much all ultrabooks), but it's had a bit of a bump from the HD 520 to the HD 620. All models of the Stealth now come with a healthy 16GB of RAM, making even the entry level $1500 unit a force to be reckoned with. In fact the only difference between the $1500, $1850 and $2100 versions of this machine is the amount of in-built storage you get (128GB, 256GB or 512GB respectively). There is also an option to get the Stealth with a spectacular 4K screen, which achieves 100 per cent of Adobe RGB, in a 512GB model ($2400) or a 1TB model ($3000). But given the battery life on my QHD review unit struggles to make it to seven hours of continuous use, I'd only suggest you go 4K if you absolutely need the extra resolution or colour accuracy it brings, because it will drain your power. So what does the machine's extra grunt mean in real world terms? Well for starters the Kaby Lake makes this thing a multi-tasking beast, with the ability to handle a number of browser tabs that would have buckled last year's model. All your standard productivity and entertainment tasks — like office software and streaming video — are buttery smooth. Without a dedicated GPU, an ultrabook is probably not for you if you need to do graphics-intensive work or are looking for a portable gaming station, but within its category the Stealth does very well. If all you want to do is play a few rounds of Overwatch, and you're happy to crank the settings down, there's more than enough grunt here. In other territories Razer offers a product known as the Core, which fits a standard desktop graphics card and can plug seamlessly into the stealth for serious graphics power when you're at home. Unfortunately there's still no word on when the Core might make it down under. Overall, the reduction in price and increase in specs has pushed the Stealth to the head of the pack when it comes to small laptops, with the 256GB Stealth (at $1850) weighing up favourably with comparable Dell XPS 13 and MacBook models. The cheapest XPS 13 model that comes with a 7th Gen i7 costs $2299, and it packs half the RAM of the Stealth (8GB) and no touchscreen. Meanwhile the $1999 MacBook, also with 8GB of RAM, comes with a much slower Core M3 mobile chipset. Even the 256GB 13-inch MacBook Pro packs an i5 chipset and 8GB of RAM, and costs $2699. As with last time, the only real achilles heel of the Stealth is its battery life, which Razer has clearly sacrificed at the altar of more powerful internals. You're looking at eight hours maximum which, to put it bluntly, is below average for this product category. You can kill it in two if you try. The company has recently announced a huge battery pack that can charge your laptop and phone, which might boost your Stealth's life to 15 hours, but that kind of defeats the purpose of a super-light laptop. Being cheaper and more powerful than the competition, the beautiful Stealth represents a great value. But if getting a whole working day out of your lightweight travel computer without plugging in is important to you, this might be a stretch. The story Razer Blade Stealth review: beautiful ultrabook gets cheaper, more powerful first appeared on The Sydney Morning Herald. Local Business Latest News Millennials throw support behind three hot political topics | poll Photos of the Hunter’s week in news Weight a sec, is that really our Lachlan? How Jim Morrison inspires a Hunter author to embrace the strange Blacks have depth to maintain finals push Editor's Picks Airshow to honour pilot Gerard Beiboer | PHOTOS, VIDEO FLASHBACK: Woolworths bombing 1980 | PHOTOS The Elf on the Shelf is back | PHOTOS Popular Is Max the solution? Pasha Bulker memories flood back | photos Hearts are locked and loaded Searching for some Hunter hearts of gold Dust fine for Eraring criticised Multimedia +more multimedia stories Photos Video Interactive Photos of the Hunter’s week in news Fairfax photographers on the road and on assignment. Weight a sec, is that really our Lachlan? Bolwarra teenager Lachlan Teasdale's massive weight loss story. Blacks have depth to maintain finals push A year ago the Maitland Blacks entered the NSW Country representative season with trepidation, fearing they couldn't cover ... FLASHBACK FRIDAY: The Hunter in 1972 | PHOTOS Take a look into the archives and get a snapshot of life in 1972. Contact Us About Us Advertising Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright © 2017. Fairfax Media. Fairfax Media Front Page News Loading... Sport Loading... Opinion Loading... Community Loading... Life & Style Loading... Entertainment Loading... Classifieds Loading... Multimedia Loading... Front Page News Local News Latest News National World Business Politics Regional Focus Rural Domain Sport Local Sport NRL Tournaments Cricket HQ Footy HQ Sport TV AFL Tournament NRL Tournament Opinion Editorial Letters Polls Community Events Competitions Local Business Listings Special Publications & Features eEdition Lower Hunter Star Local Business Feature Life & Style Education Food & Wine Health Home & Garden Money Parenting Pets & Animals Relationships Technology Travel Entertainment Books Celebrity Games Sudoku TV & Movies TV Guide Classifieds Real Estate Jobs Cars Notices Place a Classifieds Ad Tributes Celebrations Ag and Rural Multimedia Photos Video Interactive Search NewsBusiness Smartphone Tablet - Narrow Tablet - Wide Desktop
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: How Apple can put the ‘Pro’ in the iPad Pro [Video] Trending in Apple Poll: Will you buy the iPhone 8 with or without embedded Touch ID, or will you wait? Trending in Apple Opinion: Is Microsoft leading Apple in PC innovation, or is it all gimmickry? Trending in Apple Comment: Google and ASUS provide a glimpse of the AR features we might see in the iPhone 8 Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Yesterday AAPL: 153.18 0.42 9to5Toys Last Call: Twelve South MacBook Stand $40, Polaroid Instant Print Cam $135, Apple AirPort Express $69, more Justin Kahn - Jun. 1st 2017 9:32 am PT @justinkahnmusic Deals View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Keep up with the best gear and deals on the web by signing up for the 9to5Toys Newsletter. Also, be sure to check us out on: Twitter, RSS Feed, Facebook, Google+ and Safari push notifications. TODAY’S CAN’T MISS DEALS: Last Call Updates: Pad & Quill leather/wood iPhone 7 cases up to 20% off, starting from $40 SanDisk Extreme 500 240GB USB 3.0 Portable Solid-State Drive $90 Nintendo Pokémon GO Plus Bluetooth Bracelet: $29.50 shipped Need extra Panasonic GH5 batteries? Try the excellent Newmowa BLF19 [Video] Amazon Digital Films at $5 ea: Zombieland, Apocalypse Now, many more Anker Bolder Rechargeable LED Flashlight combo for $30 shipped Amazon’s #1 best-selling First Aid kit hits all-time low at $11.50 Review: VAUX Speaker brings improved sound, portability, and simplicity to the Echo Dot BenQ MH530 1080p Home Theater Projector: $380 shipped (Reg. $500) Tinboard electric skateboard sports premium features at an affordable price LEGO is now taking preorders for its Boost robotic kits arriving in August Pasonomi 3D VR Headset for iPhone and Android $9 (Reg. $30) Red Robin 35% off pick-up orders with coupon code Fender unveils new classic guitar amp-looking Bluetooth speakers Buy any sub at Jersey Mike’s and get one free Green Deals: Cree 40W A19 Dimmable LED Light Bulb $1.50, more Twelve South BookArc möd MacBook Stand drops to $40 (Reg. $60) Twelve South’s HiRise Stand for Apple Watch now $20 Polaroid Snap Touch Instant Print Digital Camera $135 in today’s Gold Box Apple’s AirPort Express Base Station adds AirPlay to your speakers for $69 Apple 13-inch MacBook Air gets a $239 price drop, now $760 shipped Apple’s 15-inch MacBook Pro 512GB gets a nearly $400 discount for Memorial Day Apple 9.7-inch iPad Pro Wi-Fi + LTE 32GB $579 shipped (Reg. $729) iTunes offers ten-film iconic movie bundles from each decade for $20/ea Apple’s Great Games for $1 Sale: BADLAND, Assassin’s Creed, many more Star Knight’s action-platforming drops to just $1 on the App Store (Reg. $3) Infinity Dungeon Evolution for iOS is now available for free (Reg. $1) Slayaway Camp and its Minecraft-like horror gets very first price drop: $2 Assassin’s Creed Identity for iOS drops to just $1 (Reg. $5) The Robot Factory for iOS goes free for very first time (Reg. $4) Hands-on: Logitech’s new MX Master 2S Mouse w/ Flow is remarkable Review: RDS Nintendo Switch case offers protection from bumps while on-the-go 9to5Rewards: Sphero’s Star Wars BB-8 smartphone-controlled droid [Giveaway] MORE NEW GEAR FROM TODAY: Today’s Amazon Gold Box has Mini RC Drones from $30 shipped AUKEY Mechanical Keyboards 30% off: starting at $25 shipped Vanture iPhone/Android Car Mount $8 (Reg. $13), more Daily Deals: Roku Express Player + Mohu Leaf 50 HDTV Antenna $60, more Klipsch RB-10 Bookshelf Speakers drop to $70 shipped (Reg. $90) Score a 1-month Free DirecTV Now trial w/ this promo code ($35+ value) Up to 40% off select Philips Norelco shavers and trimmers at Amazon today only Kindle First June eBook freebies from Amazon Sears gift card: $100 for $85 with free email delivery (15% off) Saucony Running Shoes today only at Amazon up to 50% Off: $60 shipped Ecurfu Emergency Weather Radio w/ Smartphone Charger, more for $14 Amazon takes up 29% off PORTER-CABLE tools: 20V Combo Kit $369, more Stanley FatMax Xtreme 55-120 FuBar III – $59 shipped (Reg $75+) West Bend Stir Crazy 6-Quart Electric Popcorn Popper for $15 Rubbermaid Folding Laundry Hamper for just $12 Prime shipped Tokaido Strategy Board Game for iOS hits lowest price ever: $3 (Reg. $6) Today’s Best iOS & Mac Game/App Deals: Orderly, Tokaido and many more Today’s Best Game Deals: FIFA 17 $20 or less, 1 yr PlayStation Plus $48, more The Complete Calvin and Hobbes Paperback Box Set: $50 shipped Amazon’s Gold Box has up to 50% off luggage from just $12 NEW PRODUCTS & MORE: Tablo upgrades its Dual OTA DVR with on-board storage, smaller footprint New Pokémon game for iOS/Android with Nintendo integration coming soon LEGO reels in new 2,000 piece Old Fishing Store kit coming this fall EverSleep iOS-connected wearable diagnoses sleep issues without a hospital stay ASUS unveils 35-inch curved gaming monitor with 200Hz refresh rate Prynt Pocket lets you print photos from your iPhone like a Polaroid camera Pedego’s Airstream eBike is just as feature-packed as it is stylish How-to build your very own LEGO fidget spinner DEWALT overhauls Bluetooth Connect system w/ new tools, trackers, more Gogoro’s second gen electric scooter has a lower price, same power Pokemon’s Magikarp Jump splashes onto iOS and Android for worldwide release Makerball is a DIY Pinball Machine that is completely customizable IK Multimedia debuts new beast Mac synth w/ Moog, Prophet, Oberheim sampler-instruments 8Bitdo rolls out free Nintendo Switch support for all its retro-style controllers Two:35 is a computer building kit for kids that can actually get them certification DJI’s new $499 Spark drone offers gesture controls, compact design [Gallery] Sphero unveils iOS-controlled Lightning McQueen racer for $300 BIKI is an underwater 4K camera drone that can go wherever you swim Belkin intros new line of compact Pocket Power banks starting at $20 Ambi Climate returns with its second generation Alexa-enabled air conditioner controller Haikara smartwatch focuses on fashion with customizable watch faces and bands This Vintage Vinyl Bluetooth Speaker is actually made out of reclaimed records Beyond Zero’s liquor freezer puts your cocktail “in the rocks” MORE DEALS STILL LIVE: Mighty Mac App Bundle includes $130 worth of productivity software for FREE Yamaha MusicCast Wi-Fi Speaker w/ AirPlay + Bluetooth $200 (Reg. $250) Logitech’s M705 Wireless Mouse goes to $20, MX Master $60, more Canon PIXMA Inkjet All-In-One Printer w/AirPrint $56 shipped (Reg. $75) Mophie Battery Case for iPhone 6/s: $30 (Reg. $50) Luxury Book iPhone 7 Plus Case Onkyo 7.2-Ch. 4K A/V Receiver + AirPlay: $320 Target offers a $7 Father’s Day Box TP-Link Deco Wi-Fi system: 3 Pack for $200 Amazon Household Items from $7 Karcher Electric Pressure Washer $119, more LeEco 32GB Unlocked Android Smartphone $150 GoPro HERO+ LCD Action Camera for $109 TP-Link AC1200 Wi-Fi Range Extender $35 Joby GorillaPod Tripod and Lowepro Bag for $40 Sensi’s Smart Wi-Fi Thermostat: $104 Applebee’s, Chili’s, and more gift cards up to 20% off VicTsing Wireless Mouse $6 (40% off) YUNEEC 4K Typhoon Quadcopter bundle $550 (Reg. $800) Harman Kardon HKTS 9 5.1-Ch. Home Theater System $155 (cert. refurb, Orig. $600) Improve your career and save on these Training Bundles: Photoshop, Office, more! No Stress Chess teaches you the basics for $13 CyberPower Heavy Duty 8-Outlet Power Strip w/ 6-foot Cord: $13.50 (all-time low) Smartphone Accessories: Aukey 3-pack of USB A to C Cables $9, more Amazon Father’s Day sale takes up to 20% off Makita, DEWALT tools and more DEWALT’s 5-inch Band Saw Kit drops to almost $100 off ChefSteps CS20001 Joule Sous Vide drops to $149  Rubbermaid Closet Organizer Kit hits Amazon all-time low: $73 APC SurgeArrest 120V 7-Outlet Surge Protector: $12.50 Green Deals: LIFX A19 Wi-Fi Smart LED Light Bulb $45, more ZTE Axon 7 Mini 32GB Unlocked Android Smartphone for $170 Justin Kahn @justinkahnmusic Justin is a senior editor covering all things music for 9to5Mac, including our weekly Logic Pros series exploring music production on Mac and iOS devices. Justin is an audio engineer/producer with over 10 years experience in the music industry. Favorite Gear PXN MFi game controller Akai MPK USB MIDI Keyboard Pocket Operator synth Guides Deals View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Skip Navigation Jump to Main Main navigation and Meta Navigation To Home Meta Main Navigation Watch TV Content Search OpenAll Sections All SectionsClose Section Navigation Title Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary OpenAll Sections Now Reading Apple readying Siri-powered home assistant Toggle share menu Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail Jump to top Search OpenAll Sections Main Navigation Section Navigation Title Home Watch TV Compact Layout All Sections Close Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary Videos Catch-up TV TV Schedule Special Reports Singapore Parliament Weather PSI Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Play Store App Store Search Close Search Search Term Search Term Clear search input Search Apple readying Siri-powered home assistant close breaking news Advertisement Business Apple readying Siri-powered home assistant Apple is set to launch its own home hub powered by digital assistant Siri, in a challenge to Amazon's Alexa-powered devices. (AFP/JUSTIN SULLIVAN) 02 Jun 2017 12:17AM Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail SAN FRANCISCO: Apple is preparing to launch a connected speaker to serve as a smart home assistant in a challenge to Amazon Echo and Google Home, a news report said on Thursday (Jun 1). The speaker powered by Apple's digital assistant Siri may be unveiled at the annual Worldwide Developers Conference next week in Silicon Valley, Bloomberg News reported. The new device - speculation about which has been swirling for months - could entice software makers to tailor applications or services for a broader array of Apple hardware. Like Echo and Home devices gaining traction in the market, an Apple home assistant could let people control lights or appliances and interact with the internet using voice commands. Apple did not reply to an AFP request for comment on the report. Advertisement Advertisement Amazon recently unveiled the latest member of its family of devices powered by its Alexa digital assistant - this one with a touchscreen. Amazon has dominated the category of connected speakers since 2014 when it introduced its first Echo, which responds to voice commands and allows users to order goods or rides and control connected appliances. A survey released last month by research firm eMarketer found Echo speakers held 70.6 per cent of the US market, compared with 23.8 per cent for Google Home and 5.6 per cent for others including Lenovo, LG, Harmon Kardon and Mattel. Samsung-owned Harman Kardon meanwhile recently announced the release of an Invoke speaker powered by Microsoft's digital assistant Cortana and integrating Skype for making calls using the device. At its annual developers gathering in May, Google announced an array of new partnerships and capabilities for Home smart speakers. Meanwhile, Apple has been under pressure to wow the world with a new creation as its culture-changing iPhone is about to turn 10 years old. Source: AFP/de Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail More stories for you More information about Channel News Asia jump to top of page Sections Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary About Us About Channel NewsAsia Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Advertise with us Contact Sales Online Advertising TV Advertising Get the news that matters in your inbox every morning! Next try Plese enter your Email-address I consent to the use of my personal data by Mediacorp and the Mediacorp group of companies (collectively "Mediacorp") to send me marketing and advertising materials in relation to goods and services of Mediacorp and its business partners and for research and analysis SUBSCRIBE Follow our news Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Experience news with our apps Play Store App Store Copyright© Mediacorp 2017. Mediacorp Pte Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 1 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple’s Swift Playgrounds now controls real-world devices Cupertino, California — Apple today announced that Swift Playgrounds, its educational coding app for iPad, will offer an exciting new way to learn to code using robots, drones and musical instruments. Swift Playgrounds is perfect for students and beginners learning to code with Swift, Apple’s powerful and intuitive programming language for building world-class apps. Apple is working with leading device makers to make it easy to connect to Bluetooth-enabled robots within the Swift Playgrounds app, allowing kids to program and control popular devices, including LEGO MINDSTORMS Education EV3, the Sphero SPRK+, Parrot drones and more. The Swift Playgrounds 1.5 update will be available as a free download on the App Store beginning Monday, June 5. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Fronsac REIT Announces a Joint Venture Development With Odacite Immobilier Next PostNext VidMob Awarded Facebook and Instagram Marketing Partner Badges Search Recent Posts Paper Bags Market : Key Growth Factors and Industry Analysis 2017-2027 Research focused on the Satellite Propulsion System market to grow at 4.09% CAGR during 2017 to 2021 Inflammatory Diseases Market : Recent Industry Trends, Analysis and Forecast 2027 Global Sports Betting Market: How the Market has witnessed Substantial Growth in recent years and What Factors will drive the Market in Upcoming Years? Global Healthcare Clinical Analytics Market Growth, Trends & Forecast (2017 – 2022) Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Apple readying Siri-powered home assistant: report By Afp Published: 12:13 EDT, 1 June 2017 | Updated: 12:13 EDT, 1 June 2017 e-mail Apple is set to launch its own home hub powered by digital assistant Siri, in a challenge to Amazon's Alexa-powered devices, according to a report Apple is preparing to launch a connected speaker to serve as a smart home assistant in a challenge to Amazon Echo and Google Home, a news report said Thursday. The speaker powered by Apple's digital assistant Siri may be unveiled at the annual Worldwide Developers Conference next week in Silicon Valley, Bloomberg News reported. The new device -- speculation about which has been swirling for months -- could entice software makers to tailor applications or services for a broader array of Apple hardware. Like Echo and Home devices gaining traction in the market, an Apple home assistant could let people control lights or appliances and interact with the internet using voice commands. Apple did not reply to an AFP request for comment on the report. Amazon recently unveiled the latest member of its family of devices powered by its Alexa digital assistant -- this one with a touchscreen. Amazon has dominated the category of connected speakers since 2014 when it introduced its first Echo, which responds to voice commands and allows users to order goods or rides and control connected appliances. A survey released last month by research firm eMarketer found Echo speakers held 70.6 percent of the US market, compared with 23.8 percent for Google Home and 5.6 percent for others including Lenovo, LG, Harmon Kardon and Mattel. Samsung-owned Harman Kardon meanwhile recently announced the release of an Invoke speaker powered by Microsoft's digital assistant Cortana and integrating Skype for making calls using the device. At its annual developers gathering in May, Google announced an array of new partnerships and capabilities for Home smart speakers. Meanwhile, Apple has been under pressure to wow the world with a new creation as its culture-changing iPhone is about to turn 10 years old. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'Look at what Amanda ISN'T wearing!' Braless Holden causes a stir in a VERY low cut gown on BGT... as viewers blast star for 'dressing like a stripper' on family show 'He's a lucky guy!' Lucy Mecklenburgh poses NAKED in Panama hotel... as eagle-eyed fans notice she's staying in same room as Ryan Thomas No one's looking at your mouth! Kylie Jenner poses in black bra and undies while sprawled out on a white bed to promote new Lip Kit What happened to her face? Khloe Kardashian shows off much bigger nose as she poses without the contouring makeup she relies on Make-up free  Has Coronation Street gone too far? Fans left 'physically sick' by Bethany Platt's gang rape scene as they report grooming storyline to Ofcom 14 reasons a staycation is better than going abroad SPONSORED  Ashley Graham exposes ample cleavage and a flash of her waist while grabbing lunch in olive green off-the-shoulder ensemble in Los Angeles FIRST LOOK: Is this where the magic will happen? Love Island villa is revealed as new line-up hope to find romance... after THAT 2016 bedroom romp . 'I'm really p***ed off!' BGT fans are left outraged as Welsh choir change the lyrics of Jerusalem to sing 'Britain' instead of 'England' Pierce Brosnan and wife of 16 years Keely Shaye Smith look tanned and relaxed as they jet out of LAX after romantic holiday in Hawaii Back in her skinny jeans! Make-up free Irina Shayk shows off her slim figure as she steps out with baby Lea after jetting back from Cannes MerseyGirls make the BGT finals after teen with scoliosis left Alesha Dixon in tears with routine... as it's revealed she needs £78,000 to fix her spine  Heidi Klum, 43, hits the beach with shirtless beau Vito Schnabel, 30, in Mykonos... after revealing she has 'no problem with nudity' Beach break 'She started three families with three different people and f*****everyone over!' Kim Kardashian slams Caitlyn Jenner's book for 'scapegoating' Kris She's got some front! Mariah Carey flashes cleavage as she dons thigh-skimming bodycon dress and black crop top for meeting in Beverly Hills 'Never even heard of her': Rob Kardashian denies dating reality star Mehgan James following Blac Chyna split Sandra Bullock gives her son Louis an affectionate pat while strolling in Los Angeles Was in a very playful mood on Thursday Going hell for leather! Ashley Benson and Hailee Steinfeld coordinate in skirts and heels for sunglass launch in West Hollywood 'Follow Gregg cuz he doesn't post': Bella Thorne urges fans to check out her rekindled boyfriend Sulkin on Snapchat Well she is Beyonce's mum! Tina Knowles, 63, shows off her fit figure in skintight Ivy Park workout gear Showed off her amazing figure So in love! Zoe Saldana looks chic as she cuddles up to husband Marco Perego at benefit for the Navy SEAL Foundation Pregnant Cara De La Hoyde cradles her blossoming baby bump at fashion party... after revealing she's been body shamed for being 'too small' 'Love has no barriers': Celine Dion leads celebrities including Britney Spears and Selena Gomez in penning Pride letters Not impressed? Hailey Baldwin looks underwhelmed as she leaves posh Beverly Hills hotel in casual biker jacket Looking chic in blue PICTURED: Blushing bride Emmy Rossum stuns in custom Carolina Herrera gown as she marries Sam Esmail in New York Wedding bells Grace yourself! Big Brother's VERY busty Lateysha steals the spotlight as she flaunts her ample curves in semi-sheer gold jumpsuit for launch She's at it again! Edgy Kelly Osbourne debuts shimmery Mohawk braid hairstyle at Daytime Divas premiere She's always embraced her sense of style Star walks! Slim Natalie Portman looks full of spring cheer as she goes for a stroll with baby daughter in LA Flashed a huge smile as she enjoyed the sun Maggie Gyllenhaal stuns in flattering floral gown at shop opening in New York She is getting set to play a sex worker in new drama PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Taste of the high life! Taylor Swift and Joe Alwyn are seen together for first time as she treats little known actor beau to private jet ride  Renee Zellweger wows in cleavage-baring little black dress as she's honored at Greenwich International Film Festival gala Belle of the ball 'It's actually pretty scary': Danay Garcia discusses fate of her character Luciana on Fear The Walking Dead Survived the season two finale Robbie Williams is 'in talks to join Take That for a very special reunion' at Ariana Grande's star-studded One Love Manchester Benefit concert 'It's a joint celebration': Proud dad Ronnie Wood marks his 70th birthday in style as he poses with his two biggest fans Twin girls marked their first birthday Cristiano Ronaldo's girlfriend Georgina Rodriguez steps out in figure-hugging grey dress in Corsica... after his mother rubbishes pregnancy rumours Hold my hand mommy! Kourtney Kardashian steps out with Penelope for a day of shopping in Beverly Hills  Mother-of-three  Kesha shows her country side in a denim shirt and red bandana as she jets out of LAX with boyfriend Brad Looked besotted with her beau of three years Diva moment! Bethenny Frankel gestures wildly in frustration on set of her new reality show in NYC She's known for her emotional outbursts Top of the crops! Iggy Azalea flashes her tiny midriff in unusual cropped tracksuit as she signs autographs and poses with fans at LAX airport Khloe Kardashian puts her derriere on full display in skintight blue denim as she runs errands in Beverly Hills Made In Chelsea beauty Stephanie Pratt shows off her leggy figure in sequinned gold top and tiny cowboy-inspired shorts for beauty event EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Game, set, match! Tennis ace Caroline Wozniacki enjoys a romantic day off from French Open with beau David Lee  Captain Ross, who? Demelza's dishy brother sets pulses racing as he goes shirtless in steamy trailer for Poldark after Aidan Turner admitted he won't be stripping off Hilary Swank cosies up to boyfriend Philip Schneider as she joins Robert Downey Jr and wife at Emmy Rossum and Sam Esmail's star-studded wedding  Rebel Wilson's U.S. agent was baffled by lull in Hollywood star's career and expected her to get multimillion dollar offers after success of Pitch Perfect movie 'I didn't drink for three years': Phil Collins has started enjoying 'a couple of glasses of wine again'... despite admitting alcohol almost killed him 'I have no idea when it's coming out': Iggy Azalea slams record label for delaying album release date in now-deleted Snapchat rant Nailed it! Karrueche Tran and Christina Milian look smoking hot for the Hollywood premiere of Claws The Claws were out in Hollywood Penelope gives us the plain truth: Actress says she not that glamorous as she talks about Murder On The Orient Express  Mysterious missionary Mellow yellow! Anne Hathaway looks slim in a vibrant top while out in New York City Taking to the streets of SoHo The Wright strut! TOWIE's Jess and Mark Wright's sister Natalya, 16, is snapped up by top modelling agency as she eyes up a career on the catwalk From Paris with love! Sofia Richie and bestie Chloe Bartoli lunch in New York after their saucy trip to Cannes with Scott Disick Out and about Leggy look! Keri Russell dons sexy black leather mini skirt as she joins Matthew Rhys at Americans LA event Besotted in real life  Cheery Chelsy Davy parties up a storm in London... weeks after ex Prince Harry attends Pippa Middleton's wedding with girlfriend Meghan Markle They're a perfect match! Genetically-blessed Margot Robbie and husband Tom Ackerley don cute co-ordinating pineapple outfits Who's your papa? Fabio to star as the Pope in Sharknado 5 as list of celebrity cameos are revealed Interesting casting 'This is your chance': Sarah Silverman reveals reaching out to Ivanka Trump via Twitter on Chelsea talk show 46-year-old comedian  'What would you do?' Khloe Kardashian cryptically asks followers for advice about an unnamed 'friend' who is 'stealing' from the reality starlet Keeping it casual: Modern Family star Ariel Winter, 19, dons baggy gray sweatpants and dark t-shirt for stroll with beau Levi Meaden, 29 Casual Strictly's Danny goes to town in Regent's Park: QUENTIN LETTS watches Bernstein with balletic gusto in On The Town  Who needs down time? Athletic newlyweds Pippa and James squeeze in a jog around Sydney Opera House as their action-packed honeymoon continues  Why Elaine is turning a new Paige: First lady of musicals explains why she's hanging up her dancing shoes... but isn't retiring  The Doll's House door swings open again for Nora: Show's star Laurie Metcalf tells how she relished reinventing one of theatre's most famous characters  Scarlet fever! Gigi Hadid rocks red dipped hair in powerful new Versace ad campaign Multi-coloured locks Checkmate! Rachel Weisz shows off her fashion prowess as she steps out in summery gingham shirt dress in New York Glam in gingham 'Kiss for Daddy': David Beckham enjoys some quality time with children Harper and Brooklyn on African holiday Family fun  Shorely he's kicking himself! Emma McVey flaunts her toned abs and peachy posterior in TINY pink bikini as she shows ex Gaz Beadle what he's missing We let our mother down... we couldn't protect her, say William and Harry: Princes make emotional admission in interview about Diana's death Kathy Griffin claims she is a victim of 'bullying' at  the hands of the Trump family as she prepares to hold a press conference to explain THAT photo shoot 'Brand new experience': will.i.am reveals Fergie is leaving The Black Eyed Peas and that Nicole Scherzinger is on the band's new venture 'You'll never EVER break the Westbrook': Defiant Danniella admits that despite 'car crash life' and being 'raped and cheated on' she will have a better future Tat's the spirit! Malin Ackerman reveals her stylish back tattoo while lunching in flirty halter top and high-waisted jeans Inked up Melissa McCarthy dons chic checkered shawl as she enjoys Disneyland outing with her husband and daughters Check her out Her own best advert! Kendall Jenner puts on leggy display in off-the-shoulder romper over bodysuit from her clothing range while out in LA Charmed by a boy called Courgette: New French flick My Life As A Courgette is a touching but troubling animation BRIAN VINER Dev Patel's girlfriend actress Tilda Cobham-Hervey attends glamorous Australians In Film dinner in LA as she compets cholarship Wham bam, thank you ma'am! Wonder Woman packs a punch - and a punchline - in her long-awaited, big-screen debut New adaptation EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: Let's hope morose-looking Dragons' Den star Duncan Bannatyne, 68, is destined for happiness as he prepares for wedding Selena Gomez is 'head-over-heels in love' with beau The Weeknd and this relationship is 'very different' from the one she had with Justin Bieber Former TOWIE star Jasmin Walia looks every inch the sex-kitten in plunging PVC mini-dress and perspex heels as she continues wild Ibiza getaway Was BGT illusionist Josephine Lee assisted by a TWIN? David Walliams' 'sisters are doing it for themselves' remark sparks a conspiracy theory  'No one else should decide when you've had enough pain': Cally Jane Beech claims 'prisoners have more rights' than women... after having to demand epidural Penny Lancaster, 46, shows off her model figure in a plunging bikini and kaftan while hand in hand with husband Rod Stewart, 72, and son Aiden in St Tropez Peek-a-boo! Vanessa Hudgens appears shy as she dons demure athletic attire on outing with boyfriend Austin Butler Making sweet music together: Gwen Stefani and Blake Shelton head to a recording studio together in LA Working on something new? Calling on Saul? Tough guy fixer Mike seems ready to work for Gus in new Better Call Saul trailer... as sleazy lawyer's money woes worsen Caitlyn Jenner keeps it comfortable in blue long-sleeved top and jeans while grabbing coffee in Malibu... amid family feud over her tell-all memoir Twice as nice! Cat Deeley stuns in a ladylike white frock for interview... before emerging in grey slip and suede jacket Elegant SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Fish out of water! Rod's quirky girls  Sir Rod's Stewart's model daughters Sun's out, guns out! Wonder Woman star Chris Pine flaunts his buff biceps in Miami Vice tank top as he grabs an iced coffee in NYC 100% Cotton? Fearne makes embarrassing fashion faux pas as she arrives at studios with tag still attached to her dress Fast fashion What will Gregg say! Bella Thorne goes TOPLESS on Snapchat before deleting raunchy video... after reuniting with ex Sulkin following Scott Disick 'humiliation' Blooming beautiful! Transgender model Andreja Pejic dons floral blouse for casual summer stroll around New York City Stepping out in style PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Pregnant Danielle Lloyd defiantly shows off her baby bump in Dubai... after slamming trolls who claimed she looks like 'washed up whale' Footsore? Brooke Shields ditches her heels for flip flops and simple sundress as she shops till she drops in New York City Classic look Smooth landing! Fresh-faced Margot Robbie is spotted arriving at LAX airport in a stylish top and jeans after jetting in from London Glamorous Showing it off at the beach! Joanna Krupa's nipple peeks through her shredded white top as she splashes around in Malibu Daring to bare 'It's hard when you miss big milestones': Andy Murray reveals it was 'tough' being on tour when baby Sophia took her first steps... as wife Kim cheers him on Doesn't he know how to drive? Kim Kardashian's best friend Jonathan Cheban is chauffeured to his favourite Hollywood hot spot agian Made In Ibiza! Bikini-clad Georgia Toffolo leads Chelsea new girls Ella, Mimi and Daisy as they frolic by the pool to film forthcoming summer series of MIC Tatt's nice! Male supermodel Jordan Barrett gets inked in Barcelona after hanging out with Lara Stone and Bella Hadid in Cannes Under the needle 'It's a comedian's job to cross the line': Jim Carrey comes to Kathy Griffin's defense after bloody Trump head photo causes outrage Show of support Drug, girls and shepherd's pie! As the Rolling Stones, combined age of 292, go on tour AGAIN, we reveal untold stories from 55 years on road Taking a chance on her! Amanda Seyfried set to reprise her leading role in Mamma Mia! sequel due out in 2018 Back again 'There are such a**holes out there': Chloe Lattanzi QUITS Instagram after being slammed for sharing selfies while mother Olivia battles cancer Her own best ad! Reese Witherspoon steps out toting a chic and stylish $165 straw purse from her line Draper James Beaming 'They are talking again and it may lead to something in the future': Exes Lydia Bright and James Argent are 'back in touch'... after both quitting TOWIE Geri Horner rocks a casual baseball cap and white bomber jacket as she takes a relaxing stroll with baby son Monty and a female friend NSFW: Playboy vet Kendra Wilkinson lets a Las Vegas dancer climb on her during male revue show... even though she's married with kids Salma Hayek stuns in a black dress with sheer detailing as she cosies up to husband François-Henri Pinault at Beatriz At Dinner screening in London Marilyn Monroe's Los Angeles home, where the Some Like It Hot actress overdosed in 1962, sells over the $6.9m asking price for $7.25m Little Mix will join Robbie Williams, Black Eyed Peas, Katy Perry and Justin Bieber at Ariana Grande's star-studded One Love Manchester Benefit  All over tan! Caroline Flack joins a female friend for a TOPLESS dip in the pool ahead of the launch of the new season of Love Island in Mallorca Wild thing! Jaime Winstone puts on a colourful display in leopard-print jacket and red patent trousers as she attends Perfect Ten Exhibition Back on her feet! Daisy Lowe almost flashes her underwear in striped mini skirt in Primrose Hill... after recovering from embarrassing tumble Major multi-tasking! Zoe Saldana pulls a Gisele Bundchen by sharing photo where she's getting glammed while holding baby and cell phone 'Girls just wanna have SUN': Tanned and toned Vicky Pattison flaunts her assets in a pink bikini as she thrills fans in another sexy holiday snap 'I asked her some dumb questions': Elisabeth Moss reveals she exhausted The Handmaid's Tale author for information about her role in drama The Doll's House door swings open again for Nora: Show's star Laurie Metcalf tells how she relished reinventing one of theatre's most famous characters  Making a monkey out of modern art: The Square is an unworthy winner of the Palme d'Or, writes BRIAN VINER Mistake Worse for wear Nikki Sanderson puts on a busty display in skimpy black vest and tiny shorts as she enjoys boozy night out with beau Greg in Ibiza  Defiant Rihanna flashes sideboob in a revealing white dress... after she was fat-shamed by sports writer who said she looked like she was 'in a sumo suit' Ronnie Wood celebrates his 70th with wife Sally, 39, and twin daughters... as he reveals neck scar after keyhole surgery for a small lesion on his lung Former TOWIE star Pascal Craymer shows off her toned figure in a floral string bikini as she takes a trip to the beach in Marbella Making a splash Heidi Montag says Lauren Conrad has NOT reached out to her even though they are both pregnant at same time... but Audrina and Kristin have Chris Cornell's widow is waiting for toxicology results to clear up 'unanswered questions' about his suicide and believes prescription drugs were the cause Brad Pitt is spotted treating the late Soundgarden singer Chris Cornell's children to hot chocolate at Universal Studios Hollywood Pregnant Kimberly Wyatt shows off her burgeoning baby bump in a playsuit as she takes to the stage at the Hay Festival Glowing 'First time and the last time we were together': Chris Cornell's brother Peter breaks his silence on the rocker's death by posting touching tribute Ttagic singer' Rochelle Humes catches the eye in stylish minidress... as husband Marvin hits the gym after she praises Zac Efron's incredible physique on Lorraine   Thrill ride! Moustachioed Johnny Depp appears alongside Daisy Ridley in suspense packed trailer for Murder On The Orient Express Couple Goals! Chloe Goodman cosies up to footballer boyfriend Jordan Clarke as they confirm reconciliation rumours with romantic holiday  Julia Roberts' upcoming TV series Today Will Be Different picked up by HBO Based on the book of the same name from author Maria Semple On the mend? Gwyneth Paltrow tries to get back in her stride as she steps out in Los Angeles... despite her injured foot still requiring a medical boot  Pretty in prints! Vanessa Hudgens is a happy shopper in cute maxi dress alongside boyfriend of six years Austin Butler Fun in the sun Fab in florals! Isla Fisher is radiant in springtime ensemble as she joins Denis Leary and John Hodgman on a panel at BookExpo 2017 in New York Poldark star Eleanor Tomlinson ties her famous red locks in a bun and wears a boho floral shirt as fans gear up for the third series of the costume drama 'I would have been a lousy father!' Steve Martin, 71, reveals why it is important he became a dad later in life Late bloomer Johnny Depp 'had no idea managers used his assets to total $40m in debt to cover up mishandling his money matters' Actor's former team Heavenly! Victoria's Secret model Romee Strijd gives a peek at toned tum in tie-up shirt over crop top on New York stroll with beau Abs-olutely gorgeous Ahoy, matey! Supermodel Karlie Kloss shoots a cover girl look while walking in NYC with snazzy sailor-inspired slacks Every bit the supermodel 'I feel less womanly': Loose Women's Andrea McLean, 47, reveals she also suffers from hair loss following co-star Nadia Sawalha's balding revelation Debbie Reynolds and Carrie Fisher's Beverly Hills estate is being sold for $18m as belongings - including movie memorabilia- are auctionned David Beckham, Gary Lineker and Ant and Dec lose their bid to overturn a £700million tax bill after investing in controversial film schemes Luke at you! Gary Lucy, 35, looks ageless as he appears on Hollyoaks set for first time in 15 YEARS to reprise role on Lucas Morgan 'I still look good a little squishier': Bikini-clad Ashley James showcases her enviable curves as she tells her followers 'life is for living' in heartfelt post Prince Harry's former flame Chelsy Davy says launching a jewellery line brought out her 'inner geek' as she models her own designs in stunning photoshoot  Movie based on Bill O'Reilly's bestselling book 'Killing Patton' has been scrapped by Fox's National Geographic Network Axed project 'It's the best surprise you can have!' Pregnant Serena Williams confirms she does NOT know the gender of her child... after sister Venus called baby 'she' Fans go WILD as pregnant Beyonce is officially announced as headliner at Coachella 2018... after withdrawing from this year's festival amid baby news Stephanie Davis sparks concern among fans as she pens 'so long guys' alongside snap with son... amid rumours of a family feud over baby's surname Annabelle Wallis is the picture of class in billowing floral maxi dress as she promotes The Mummy with co-star Sofia Boutella at the AOL Build Series Leggy Imogen Thomas slips her enviable figure into skimpy black shorts as she treats herself to an ice lolly on her way to the shops Former Miss Wales Coronation Street viewers shocked as grooming story takes another sickening turn when Bethany Platt discovers underage girl being sold for sex Fatboy Slim is on fine form as he takes to the decks weeks after cutting a gaunt figure... as family rallies around ex Zoe Ball in the wake of boyfriend's death Justin Bieber posts 24 BIZARRE photos within an hour... including that photo of him fighting man twice his size and his head photoshopped onto a woman's body Making a splash! Kelly Ripa dons paper crown and patterned midi dress as she and Ryan Seacrest spray hoses in Live gag Hosing off Beverly Hills, 90210 co-stars Tori Spelling and Ian Ziering reunite for the launch of his wife's brand new mommy blog Together again Nicole Kidman, 49, says she's 'thrilled' to be playing the MOTHER of Jason Momoa, 37, in Aquaman... even though she's only 12 years older than him 'I was moved by what a decent person Brad Pitt was': Meg Tilly, 57, talks 'generous' War Machine co-star as she returns to acting after 18 YEAR break Salma Hayek shows off her toned arms in a dark midi dress with unusual cut-out shoulder panels at the Sundance Film Festival: London Marcus Welby, MD nurse Elena Verdugo dies at age 92 after a long Hollywood career that included starring in House Of Frankenstein Split! Workaholics actor Blake Anderson and wife Rachael Finley are set to divorce after five years of marriage and one child named Mars 'Normal is boring': Christina El Moussa's daughter Taylor wears statement shirt... after months of family drama between mom and dad Family drama EOTB star ZaraLena Jackson puts on an eye-popping display in plunging trouser suit as she joins Take Me Out's Emily Longden at beauty bash in Manchester Margot Robbie shows off her enviable pins in tight-fitting leather trousers as she jets out of London... after putting on leggy display in pinafore dress While the Katie's away...! Solo Jamie Foxx showcases his '$2m' customised Bugatti Veyron... as relationship with Holmes 'goes from strength to strength' Made In Chelsea's Olivia Bentley shows off her enviable abs and toned pins in skimpy yellow bikini as she enjoys sun-filled getaway Battle of the CBB babes! Katie Price set to go head-to-head with Bianca Gascoigne in charity boxing match Bianca, 30, has always been hot on her heels Priyanka Chopra posts SELFIES from Berlin's Holocaust memorial before deleting them  Former Miss World Priyanka was in Berlin, promoting her new film Come and get it while it's hot! Ali Larter beams in a simple yet chic dress as she feasts on fancy fried chicken at event  Chowing down 'I'm sorry... everything works out in the end': Geri Horner apologises to her fans for quitting the Spice Girls, 19 years after she dramatically left the girl group Hats off to her! Jessica Chastain handles her own extensive luggage as she touches down in Milan in a trendy fedora after Cannes Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 20 mins S&P 500 2,430.06 +18.26 (+0.76%) Dow 30 21,144.18 +135.53 (+0.65%) Nasdaq 6,246.83 +48.31 (+0.78%) Apple's latest announcement hints that we could be in for an action-packed event next week Kif Leswing Business Insider June 1, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Tim CookMore (AP) A few days before Apple hosts thousands of developers in San Jose, California, the company gave them a reason to make apps for iPhones and iPads. 70 billion reasons, actually: Apple said on Thursday that developer earnings from the App Store were over $70 billion since it launched in 2008. That suggests, given that Apple generally takes 30% of sales through its App Store, that Apple's App Store has sold around $100 billion of software in its history.  The message to iPhone developers is that Apple's platform is healthy, thriving, and presents an opportunity to start and grow a business.  The announcement also gets out of the way several smaller, incremental announcements that Apple may have been planning to make at its annual developers conference — possibly making more time for product launches and other cool reveals. Rumors currently suggest that Apple may launch new laptops and iPads next week.  Apple also said that, over the past 12 months, downloads have grown over 70%. Certain categories of apps are growing even faster, such as photo and video apps, which grew nearly 90% during the same period.  Apple has recently tweaked the App Store to make it more friendly to developers — letting them respond to negative reviews directly, for example, and cutting Apple's share of sales if the app is sold through a subscription, which the company said had grown 58% year-over-year.  One thing Apple hasn't revealed: how many devices it currently has in use. The last stat, 1 billion Apple devices in active use, was given in early 2016. These growth numbers for Apple's App Store platform are impressive, but they may simply be mirroring more iPhones in use, rather than additional apps or sales per user.  For more news videos visit Yahoo View, available on iOS and Android. More From Business Insider Here's everything Apple is rumored to be launching in 2017 Apple can make the iPhone easier to use with a simple fix in iOS 11 The tech industry is dominated by 5 big companies — here’s how each makes its money Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Here's What Happened When Apple's Steve Jobs' Widow Met With Trump After the Immigration Ban The Street Apple’s fight with Qualcomm could hurt the iPhone 8 BGR News How Rich Would You Be if You Followed Buffett into AAPL? Investopedia Best app deals of the day! 6 paid iPhone apps for free for a limited time Digital Trends North Korea Has Missiles—and a New iPad Called ‘iPad’ Newsweek Here's how CEOs reacted to Trump's exit from Paris climate agreement Yahoo Finance 'Call his bluff': Mark Cuban tells Democrats how to punch back after Trump pulls out of Paris climate deal Business Insider Trump isn’t so good for business after all Yahoo Finance Volkswagen woos BMW, Mercedes buyers in new upmarket push Reuters What to Watch in the Markets Friday, June 2 Yahoo Finance Video What to expect from the U.S. jobs report Yahoo Finance During his arrest, Tiger Woods was asked to do the 'Romberg Alphabet' — a test that has a lot of public misconception Business Insider The Amazon Echo just got two incredibly useful features thanks to a new update Business Insider The US Navy just took delivery of the world's most advanced aircraft carrier Business Insider Hewlett Packard Had a Dire Second Quarter The Street New book goes inside Muhammad Ali's draft-dodging trial Yahoo Finance Video Trump's climate pullback opens door to Chinese leadership Sam Russell: Remember when America was the leader in innovation and progress Join the Conversation 1 / 5 1.2k
International Business Times UK UK World Business Politics Fintech Technology Science Sport Entertainment Opinion Video Pictures Log out Newsletter Signup Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Technology Google London HQ vs Apple Park: Battle of the world's best offices How Google's new London headquarters compares to Apple Park, opening in California this summer. By Alistair Charlton June 1, 2017 17:01 BST Google's massive new London headquarters is as long as Western Europe's tallest building, the Shard, is tallGoogle Google has revealed plans for its new London headquarters, the first HQ to be built and owned by the search giant outside of its native California. The massive building will be constructed in Kings Cross, close to St Pancras International train station and Regent's Canal. Eleven stories high and stretched across more than 300 meters, the building is as long as the Shard, Western Europe's tallest building, is high. The story of a technology behemoth creating a huge glass and steel structure to house thousands of employees will be familiar to many, as Apple adds the finishing touches to its own shiny new loop-shaped HQ, called Apple Park. Google London HQ (top) and Apple Park (below) Google/YouTube Here's how the two super-offices stack up: Google London HQ Apple Park Designer Bjarke Ingels Group and Heatherwick Studios (2012 Olympic Cauldron, London Routemaster bus) Foster + Partners (Wembley Stadium, Canary Wharf Underground station, McLaren Technology Centre) Floor space 870,000 square feet 2,800,000 square feet Cost £1bn (estimate) £3.8bn Size 330m long, seven floors rising to 11 Circular, one mile circumference, four floors Staff count 7,000 12,000 Garden 300m long landscaped roof terrace 30-acre park with 9,000 trees Auditorium 210 seats 1,000 seats Fitness centre 25m swimming pool, sports hall for basketball and football, 200m 'trim trail' running route through gardens, massage rooms 100,000 square feet, two-storey yoga room, medical and dental services Silicon Valley features 'Pause areas', sleeping pods for naps and office all-nighters 400-ton glass cafe doors, 100% self sufficient, Jony Ive-designed door handles made from MacBook aluminium Status Designs drawn, construction to start in 2018 Building almost complete, employees to move in during summer 2017 Enough numbers, here are the first drawings of what Google's new London HQ will look like: The building, shaded in blue, will sit between Kings Cross (right) and St Pancras International train stationsGoogle A 300-meter long roof terrace includes a cafe, relaxation spaces and a running circuit for lunchtime exerciseGoogle One edge of the building overlooks Regent's Canal in Kings CrossGoogle Inside, there is enough work space for 7,000 employees spread across the main building and two smaller buildings nearbyGoogle The ground floor is taken up by shops, split up by entrances to Google's offices aboveGoogle The roof is covered in a 300-metre garden and exercise spaceGoogle More technology news from IBTimes UK From accidental penis sketch to $5bn 'spaceship': Apple Park is preparing to launch Hyperloop test facility unveiled for futuristic high-speed transportation in Netherlands Man jailed for not revealing iPhone passcode to police during child abuse investigation Related topics : Apple Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Overwatch Horizon Lunar Colony announcement Columnists Yasmin Alibhai-Brown “Meet the millionaires corrupting democracy in Britain READ MORE Fireball malware could spark 'global catastrophe' Check Point exposes 'sophisticated' malware allegedly spread by... This amazing Apple trick could be the best iPhone hack ever Try this amazing hack to turn your Apple AirPod case into a... 'Vile' ticket touts selling One Love Manchester tickets on eBay Tickets for the concert starring Ariana Grande, Miley Cyrus and Take... France warns nightmare scenario of 'permanent cyber war' is looming Increase of destructive hacks could lead to states, criminals and... Walmart uses virtual reality simulations to train and prepare its staff for Black Friday 200 Walmart Academy sites receive Oculus Rift VR headsets for... Europol wants you to look at these images to help save victims of online predators Europol chief believes images of everyday objects could provide vital... Google London HQ vs Apple Park: Battle of the world's best offices How Google's new London headquarters compares to Apple Park, opening... Thousands of smartphone apps have been found leaking your personal data Back-end servers are compromising the safety of mobile app data,... Hyperloop test facility unveiled for futuristic high-speed transportation in Netherlands Dutch tech startup shows off 30 metre tube for testing at Delft... Man jailed for not revealing iPhone passcode to police during child abuse investigation Zero attempts left for Florida man accused of hitting his daughter. Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Daily Express The Express Tribune Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live Friday, 02 Jun 2017 Subscribe Express News The Express Tribune Web Chutney Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live RSS Today's Paper Subscribe beta 2.1 Friday, 02 Jun 2017 Today's Paper Advertise Home Pakistan Business Tech Videos World Opinion Life & Style Sports T.Edit Blogs Jobs Classifieds Labs Events Games The Express Tribune > Technology   Apple says payouts from App Store total $70bn Share Tweet Apple says payouts from App Store total $70bn Custom­ers are downlo­ading our apps in record number­s, says Apple's senior vice presid­ent of market­ing Schill­er By AFP Published: June 1, 2017 0SHARES Share Tweet Email The Apple logo.PHOTO: REUTERS SAN FRANCISCO: Apple said Thursday it has paid out more than $70 billion to app developers since opening its App Store in 2008, and that the ecosystem is still growing. “People everywhere love apps and our customers are downloading them in record numbers,” said Philip Schiller, Apple’s senior vice president of marketing, in a statement ahead of next week’s annual developer conference by the iPhone maker. “Seventy billion dollars earned by developers is simply mind-blowing. We are amazed at all of the great new apps our developers create and can’t wait to see them again next week at our Worldwide Developers Conference.” Apple said downloads have grown over 70 per cent over the past 12 months, fuelled by hit games like Pokemon Go and Super Mario Run. Apple, which faces a growing challenge in the mobile space from the dominant Google Android system, has been tweaking its business model as part of an effort to keep developers in its ecosystem. Apple Music sets August 8 as new release date for ‘Carpool Karaoke’ In addition to payment for downloads, Apple allows developers to use a subscription model across all 25 app categories. The company said active paid subscriptions are up 58 per cent year over year. “Customers are enjoying subscriptions across a wide variety of services including longtime favourites such as Netflix and Hulu, as well as newcomers like Tastemade, the modern, mobile-first cooking network, and photo editing apps like Over and Enlight,” an Apple statement said. Apple has more than two million paid and free apps for the iPhone, iPad and other devices. Read more: App Store , Apple , Latest Read full story Recommended Stories Apple unveils updated iPad at lowest-ever price New model starts at 32 GB of storage and replaces iPad Air 2 Apple and Nokia settle patent dispute and sign new deal A previous patent license contract between the companies expired last year, and both sides took legal action Facebook Conversations Leave Your Reply Below Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Email Location Your comments may appear in The Express Tribune paper. For this reason we encourage you to provide your city. The Express Tribune does not bear any responsibility for user comments. Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Comments are moderated and generally will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive. For more information, please see our Comments FAQ. Most Read 1 800cc or 1,000cc - Nishat to decide which car to produce first 2 Sahir Lodhi attempts to clarify misbehaviour with woman on live TV 3 Priyanka shamed for showing too much skin during meeting with Modi 4 A strange smell is engulfing Karachi and everyone's confused 5 21 iftar deals in Karachi that are bang for the buck 6 Jemima says she's found bank statements verifying Bani Gala land purchase 7 Sunny Leone's plane nearly crashes 8 5 Ramazan songs that will ruin your roza 9 Market watch: Stocks bloodbath as Pakistan upgraded to MSCI Emerging Markets 10 Shah Rukh Khan narrowly escapes accident on film set Connect With Tribune News Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Get news delivered to your inbox Your Email Address Great! You'll get your first email soon. Recent Slideshows Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (June 2017) Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (May 2017) Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (April 2017) Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (March 2017) More in TechnologyTrump delays moving US Embassy to Jerusalem by six months © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] Pakistan Sindh Punjab Balochistan KP & FATA Jammu & Kashmir Gilgit Baltistan Life & Style Books Music TV & Film Fashion Food Gossip Videos Slideshows Videos Opinion Editorial Letters Business World Sports Magazine Others About us Online Advertising RSS Feeds Google+ Subscribe to the Paper Contact us Careers Style Guide Privacy Policy Copyrights Code of ethics Mobile App This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, redistributed or derived from. Unless otherwise stated, all content is copyrighted © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] facebook twitter whatsapp
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content IndustryWeek Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Subscribe: Magazine Newsletters Store Webinars White Papers Videos Apps Advertise Leadership Change Management Companies & Executives Corporate Culture Corporate Responsibility Growth Strategies Strategic Planning & Execution Global Economy Competitiveness Demographics Emerging Markets Environment Legislation Public Policy Regulations Trade Operations Energy Management Lean / Six Sigma Maintenance Quality Safety Finance Budgeting & Reporting Corporate Finance & Tax Cost Management & BPM Governance, Risk & Compliance Software & Systems Treasury & Cash Management Workforce Compensation Strategies Education / Training Engagement Labor / Employment Policy Recruiting / Retention Teamwork Innovation Intellectual Property Process Improvement Product Development Research & Development Supply Chain Customer Relationships Inventory Management Logistics Planning & Forecasting Procurement Supplier Relationships Transportation Warehousing and Distribution Technology Automation Digital Tools Emerging Technologies Energy Information Technology Machine Tools Robotics Systems Integration Expansion Management Industry Clusters Strategic Siting Resources IW 1000 IW US 500 IW 50 Best US Manufacturers IW Manufacturing Hall of Fame IW Salary Survey IW Best Plants IW Manufacturing & Technology Show IW Best Practices Reports IW Industry Reports Benchmarking Associations Glossary Advertisement Home > Technology > Emerging Technologies > Is Apple Readying Speaker to Rival Google, Amazon? Is Apple Readying Speaker to Rival Google, Amazon? Jun 1, 2017 Bloomberg | IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Apple has started manufacturing a long-in-the-works Siri-controlled smart speaker, and could debut it as soon as its annual developer conference this month. The new Apple headquarters is operational, but construction likely won’t be finished until near the end of this year. Justin Sullivan, Getty Images Advertisement Apple Inc. is already in your pocket, on your desk and underneath your television. Soon, a device embossed with “Designed by Apple in California” could be on your nightstand or kitchen counter. Apple has started manufacturing a long-in-the-works Siri-controlled smart speaker, according to people familiar with the matter. Apple could debut the speaker as soon as its annual developer conference this month, but the device will not be ready to ship until later in the year, the people said.  The device will differ from Amazon.com Inc.’s Echo and Alphabet Inc.’s Google Home speakers by offering virtual surround sound technology and deep integration with Apple’s product lineup, said the people, who requested anonymity to discuss products that aren’t yet public. Introducing a speaker would serve two main purposes: providing a hub to automate appliances and lights via Apple’s HomeKit system, and establishing a bulwark inside the home to lock customers more tightly into Apple’s network of services. That would help combat the competitive threat from Google’s and Amazon’s connected speakers: the Home and Echo mostly don’t support services from Apple. Without compatible hardware, users may be more likely to opt for the Echo or Home, and therefore use streaming music offerings such as Spotify, Amazon Prime Music or Google Play rather than Apple Music. Popular Now How to Set Up a Lean Factory That Works, Part 1 Top 25 Supply Chains of 2016 Moving Quality Beyond the Factory Floor with Holistic Improvement “This will be a platform for developing Apple’s services,” said Gene Munster, a co-founder of Loup Ventures and former Apple analyst. Apple spokeswoman Trudy Muller declined to comment. CEO Tim Cook has emphasized Apple’s services businesses over the past 18 months as iPhone sales slowed. He expects service revenue to double by 2020 from last year’s $24 billion. A speaker may help keep customers loyal to service products such as Apple Music, a subscription music streaming offering that costs $10 per month. The speaker would likely be tucked into Apple’s “Other Products” category, which currently includes devices like the Apple Watch, Apple TV and AirPods. That set of products generated $11 billion in sales last year. Inventec Corp., the Taipei manufacturer that already makes the AirPod wireless headphones, will add the speaker to its Apple repertoire, the people said. Apple employees have been secretly testing the device in their homes for several months, they said. The Siri speaker reached an advanced prototype stage late last year, Bloomberg News reported at the time. An Inventec representative didn’t respond to a request for comment outside normal business hours in Taiwan. This year’s developers conference will be the first since 2013 to introduce new hardware. Apple could announce updated iPad tablets at the conference, one of the people said. Apple last updated the 9.7-inch iPad Pro in March 2016 and hasn’t refreshed the larger 12.9-inch model since its November 2015 debut. Planned Mac updates will include refreshed versions of the MacBook and MacBook Pro with faster Intel Corp. processors, Bloomberg News reported earlier this month. Apple hopes that more advanced acoustics technology will give the speaker an edge over competitors, according to people with knowledge of the product’s development. Along with generating virtual surround sound, the speakers being tested are louder and reproduce sound more crisply than rival offerings, the people said. Apple has also considered including sensors that measure a room’s acoustics and automatically adjust audio levels during use, one of the people said. Love tech? Keep up with the manufacturing technology world with the M&T Newsletter, in your inbox every Friday morning Apple will also likely let third-party services build products for the speaker. Last year, Apple opened up Siri on the iPhone to the likes of Uber Technologies Inc. and Facebook Inc., allowing a user to order a ride or send a WhatsApp message with a voice command. The device will be a hub for Apple’s HomeKit home automation system, letting users control devices such as lights, door locks and window blinds. At present, an Apple TV or iPad is required to control that equipment from outside the home or automatically. The Echo and Google Home both support third-party services and smart home appliances. Ahead of Apple’s launch, the competition has upgraded their speakers with support for making voice calls, while Amazon’s gained a touchscreen. Apple’s speaker won’t include such a screen, according to people who have seen the product. An Apple-designed speaker with high-end sound quality that fits perfectly into the Apple ecosystem is a familiar pitch. In 2006, Apple unveiled the iPod Hi-Fi, a battery powered speaker designed to cast a shadow over the thriving iPod third-party accessory market. With its bulky size and high price point, the Hi-Fi flopped and was discontinued within 18 months of launching. With Siri and a clear hole in its ecosystem, Apple is banking that its second try at a speaker product will do better. By Mark Gurman and Alex Webb Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Google’s Robot Rivals Are Thriving as Search Giant Sells Google Car Project Loses Leaders, Advantage as Rivals Gain Facebook Rival Google+ Opens Up to Businesses, Brands Amazon Launches Cloud Personal Assistant Speaker Google Counters Apple with Nexus Phones, New Tablet Technology Category Sponsored by Plex The Plex Manufacturing Cloud automates the plant floor and informs the top floor. See why Forrester named Plex Systems as the 2016 breakout SaaS ERP vendor. Learn why THE LATEST North Dakota Manufacturers Ride Innovation to Rapid Growth Trump to Withdraw U.S. From Climate Accord to Seek Better Deal Linde Agrees to Final $35 Billion Deal with Praxair Manufacturing Settles in a Solid Pace of Expansion Is Apple Readying Speaker to Rival Google, Amazon? VW’s US Expansion Hampered as Trump Ponders Trade Barriers More Advertisement Manufacturing Leader of the Week May 30, 2017 News Skilled Worker Shortage Toyota Kentucky Tackles a Tool-and-Die Worker Shortage 5 Wally Palen saw a spate of retirements coming, and knew he had to plan ahead or end up in hot water....More View All Trending on IndustryWeek Musk Leads CEOs' Full-Court Paris Press as Trump Weighs Exit Toyota Kentucky Tackles a Tool-and-Die Worker Shortage How to Set Up a Lean Factory That Works, Part 1 Preparing for Manufacturing’s Future with Industry 4.0 Whirlpool Heats Up Trade Fight With Samsung, LG Over Washers IW Webinars Manufacturing Trends: IndustryWeek/PwC Webinar Series Solving Your Top 5 Manufacturing Issues -- with Data Navigating the World of Regulation and Compliance How To Power Smarter Growth Through Spatial Insights Analytics-Based Sales: The New Era of B2B Growth View All Hot Topics Trump and Manufacturing The Changing Automotive Landscape IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing Skilled Worker Shortage Ask the Expert: Lean Leadership Cloud Computing -- Sponsored by Plex The Connected Enterprise -- Sponsored by Rockwell Automation Industry Intelligence Market Reports Advertisement IW White Papers 5 Ways Cloud-Based ERP Makes Reshoring Easier and More Profitable Top 10 OSHA Violations and How to Avoid Them Manufacturers Weigh In On Key Issues Report: 2017 Manufacturing Communications Survey Overcoming The Growing Complexity of Support More   Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Links Sponsored Links IndustryWeek.com Leadership Global Economy Operations Finance Workforce Innovation Supply Chain Technology Expansion Management Resources Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Newsletters View Mobile Site IndustryWeek Corporate Contact IndustryWeek Privacy Policy Terms of Service IndustryWeek Brand Guidelines Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search IndustryWeek.com Search: Industry Week Subscribe Current Issue Past Issues   Related IndustryWeek Sites IW Best Plants Conference New Equipment Digest Business Finance American Machinist Material Handling & Logistics Foundry Management & Technology EHS Today Forging Used Equipment Directory Welding Design & Fabrication Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: How Apple can put the ‘Pro’ in the iPad Pro [Video] Trending in Apple Poll: Will you buy the iPhone 8 with or without embedded Touch ID, or will you wait? Trending in Apple Opinion: Is Microsoft leading Apple in PC innovation, or is it all gimmickry? Trending in Apple Comment: Google and ASUS provide a glimpse of the AR features we might see in the iPhone 8 Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Yesterday AAPL: 153.18 0.42 Apple updating Swift Playgrounds to control drones, musical instruments, and other hardware Zac Hall - Jun. 1st 2017 8:25 am PT @apollozac Apps & Updates Swift Playgrounds View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple’s annual developer conference kicks off Monday, but we’re already seeing WWDC related announcements from the company which suggests the keynote will be packed from start to finish. Earlier today we saw an update on how much it has paid developers and how the App Store is performing, and now Apple has detailed an update to Swift Playgrounds coming Monday that will let students control robots, drone, and musical instruments. Sony A6500 Apple® today announced that Swift Playgrounds™, its educational coding app for iPad®, will offer an exciting new way to learn to code using robots, drones and musical instruments. Swift Playgrounds is perfect for students and beginners learning to code with Swift™, Apple’s powerful and intuitive programming language for building world-class apps. Apple says Swift Playgrounds 1.5 will let students control Bluetooth-connected bots including “LEGO MINDSTORMS Education EV3, Sphero SPRK+, Parrot drones and more.” In the announcement, Craig Federighi says Swift Playgrounds already has over 1 million users around the world. Apple specifically details compatibility between Swift Playgrounds 1.5 and these products: — LEGO MINDSTORMS Education EV3 are incredibly popular in schools around the world and give students the power to explore coding through real-life problem solving as they create and command their own robotic LEGO creatures, vehicles, machines and inventions. With Swift Playgrounds kids can code and interact with their creations’ motors and sensors. — Sphero SPRK+, a popular robotic ball, rolls, turns, accelerates and changes colors. Sensors provide feedback when Sphero hits an obstacle, and all of it can be controlled with Swift code. — Parrot’s Mambo, Airborne and Rolling Spider drones can take off, land, turn and perform aerial figures like flips, all under the control of code users create. — UBTECH’s Jimu Robot MeeBot Kit lets kids program their buildable robot to walk, wave and dance. — Dash by Wonder Workshop is an exciting, hands-on learning robot for students, designed to teach the fundamentals of coding, creative problem solving and computational thinking. — Skoog is a tactile cube that enables children of all abilities to have fun exploring, creating and playing music with Swift code. Apple says the new version of Swift Playgrounds will be available starting Monday, June 5. Swift Playgrounds is available for free on iPad. Check out 9to5Mac on YouTube for more Apple news! Zac Hall @apollozac Zac covers Apple news and product reviews for 9to5Mac, contributes to 9to5Google, and hosts the weekly 9to5Mac Happy Hour podcast. Favorite Gear Nanoleaf Aurora DJI Phantom 4 Sonos Play:5 Guides Swift Playgrounds View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR More Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business Design All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Circuit Breaker Apple Apps Apple’s Swift Playgrounds coding app now supports robots, drones, and toys New, 10 comments LEGO, Sphero, and Parrot are onboard by Nick Statt@nickstatt Jun 1, 2017, 11:00am EDT share tweet Linkedin You can make UBTECH’s Jimu robot dance using Apple’s Swift programming language and its Swing Playgrounds coding app. Photo by Nick Statt / The Verge Apple today announced that its education programming iPad app, Swift Playgrounds, will soon support robots and drones. That means young kids and students will be able to write their own Swift code to control any number of real-world toys and machines. The company is launching the feature next Monday, partnering with a number of top toy and robotics companies including LEGO, automated BB-8 toy maker Sphero, and drone company Parrot. Other companies on board for the launch are toy robot makers UBTECH and Wonder Workshop, as well as Skoog, the maker of a music cube that relies on Swift code to teach children how to compose songs. Swift Playgrounds, launched last year during Apple’s 2016 Worldwide Developers Conference, is effectively a video game that teaches kids how to code using Apple’s Swift programming language. It breaks down how code functions at the most fundamental level and uses colorful environments and visual guides — product manager Tim Triemstra even uses the game industry term “cutscenes” — to explain the effects of code and the power of programming. The code appears on the left side of the iPad screen, either automated by the app to teach a lesson or typed in directly by the user, while an animation the code can manipulate plays out on the right. Kids can now use Swift to send commands to toy robots and drones Since the Playgrounds launch, Apple has partnered with a number of educational institutions around the country to get Swift built into introductory computer science curriculums and to make its Playgrounds app a fixture in classrooms. The company says Playgrounds has amassed 1 million unique users since launch. “When we were designing Swift, from the very first days we wanted it to be everyone’s first programming language,” Triemstra says. “We wanted it to be approachable.” Now, with a significant number of Playground users and Swift picking up steam as a lightweight and more elegant way to build iOS apps, Apple is trying to expand its educational focus from software to hardware. Because Playgrounds will support all manner of robotics, including flying drones, the company hopes it will give young kids a whole new reason to engage with programming and learn the secrets of code. It could also do wonders for the popularity of Swift among the next generation of coders, and help cement the language as a fixture for young and eager roboticists. Given the popularity of success of the Mindstorms robotics series, it’s a no-brainer that Apple got LEGO onboard for Playgrounds. In a demo at the iPhone maker’s Cupertino office, a LEGO representative broke down exactly how a Mindstorms EV3 kit can work with Playgrounds, connecting any number of robot-controlling modules to an iPad via Bluetooth. From there, you can see real-time data provided by the robots’ actuators, motors, and sensors, as well as program commands for fleshed out LEGO bots to receive and carry out. In preparation for the partnership, LEGO says it’s also designed 10 hours of lessons specifically for the Playgrounds app for kids to run through with a Mindstorms kit. Photo by Nick Statt / The Verge Similarly, Sphero’s transparent SPRK+ orb, which is already used to teach kids elements of robotics and programming, will work with the app. Kids will be able to program movements and games for the orb, with exercises breaking down the step-by-step process of development, including a real-world Pong game they can play with their feet as the paddles and the SPRK+ as the ball. French drone maker Parrot is also buying into Apple’s new Playgrounds initiative, adding support for its Mambo, Rolling Spider, and Airborne drones. In another demo at Apple’s offices, a Parrot representative showed off how the Playgrounds app can be used to input commands for the drones to turn, flip in midair, and land in the palm of a user’s hand. Apple stresses that none of these new features and hardware tie-ins for Playground are dependent on brand new or tie-in hardware. With LEGO, all you need is a Mindstorms EV3 kit, released as far back as 2013. The same goes for Sphero’s SPRK+ and Parrot’s trio of drones — so long as you have the supported product, it will sync with Playgrounds and allow you to start controlling it with your own code. Next Up In Tech Snapchat Spectacles are now available in Europe Andy Rubin’s Essential is looking into smart glasses with built-in camera Google plans to clean up the web with Chrome ad blocker next year The ZTE Nubia Z17 is the first phone that supports Quick Charge 4+ Silicon Valley comes out strong against Trump’s decision to abandon Paris agreement Intel predicts a $7 trillion self-driving future Now Trending Google plans to clean up the web with Chrome ad blocker next year Netflix cancels Sense8 after two seasons The fans got it right Three US states rebel against Trump's Paris climate agreement withdrawal California, New York, and Washington Command Line Command Line delivers daily updates from the near-future. email address... Subscribe By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 14. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Snapchat Spectacles are now available in Europe by Ashley Carman Alphabet’s Waymo begins testing self-driving trucks by Rich McCormick Nintendo’s online Switch service will launch in 2018 and cost $20 a year by Rich McCormick 18 comments / new Trump used misleading job stats to justify pulling out of Paris climate agreement by Rachel Becker 7 comments / new Andy Rubin’s Essential is looking into smart glasses with built-in camera by Nick Statt 2 comments / new Google plans to clean up the web with Chrome ad blocker next year by Jacob Kastrenakes 28 comments / new Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Technology Science Culture Video Reviews Magazine More Business Security Space Podcasts Events Innovation Awards Subscribe About MUSIC Untitled-1 Follow Newsletter Sign Up Untitled-1 00/00 Trump confirms plans to leave Paris climate agreement. Here's what you need to know Trump confirms plans to leave Paris climate agreement. Here's what you need to know Climate Change 1 day ago Snapchat launches £130 video-recording Spectacles across Europe Snapchat launches £130 video-recording Spectacles across Europe Snapchat 1 hour ago They've done it again! Ligo scientists find gravitational waves for the third time They've done it again! Ligo scientists find gravitational waves for the third time Gravitational Waves 1 day ago New technique lets researchers control brain cells without the need for surgery New technique lets researchers control brain cells without the need for surgery Brain 1 day ago Pictures: Google's new London campus plans Pictures: Google's new London campus plans Google 6 items 1 day ago Best wireless earphones: Embrace the sound of silence with these Bluetooth earphones Best wireless earphones: Embrace the sound of silence with these Bluetooth earphones Music 1 day ago How to launch a travel startup to rival the sharing economy How to launch a travel startup to rival the sharing economy Work Smarter 1 day ago UpVote episode 6: Labour's surge and the secrets behind Brexit UpVote episode 6: Labour's surge and the secrets behind Brexit Politics 1 day ago Silk Road creator Ross Ulbricht loses appeal against life sentence Silk Road creator Ross Ulbricht loses appeal against life sentence Silk Road 1 day ago Microsoft is now 'paying' UK users to ditch Google and search with Bing Microsoft is now 'paying' UK users to ditch Google and search with Bing Microsoft 1 day ago Apple WWDC 2017: Fresh reports suggest 'Siri speaker' unveiling is imminent Apple WWDC 2017: Fresh reports suggest 'Siri speaker' unveiling is imminent Apple 1 day ago Nasa's mission to Sun renamed after astrophysicist behind solar wind theory Nasa's mission to Sun renamed after astrophysicist behind solar wind theory Sun 1 day ago Rare mummy DNA has revealed clues about the relatives of ancient Egyptians Rare mummy DNA has revealed clues about the relatives of ancient Egyptians Ancient Egypt 2 days ago Baffled by the general election? Not sure who to vote for? These online tools will help Baffled by the general election? Not sure who to vote for? These online tools will help General Election 2 days ago The UK's laptop ban on flights: everything we know so far The UK's laptop ban on flights: everything we know so far Flights 2 days ago The biggest movie releases coming out in June The biggest movie releases coming out in June Film 33 minutes ago The biggest new game releases for May The biggest new game releases for May Gaming 12 May 2017 The best shows and TV series on Amazon Prime UK The best shows and TV series on Amazon Prime UK Amazon Prime 24 May 2017 This month's free games for PlayStation Plus This month's free games for PlayStation Plus Playstation 27 Apr 2017 The best Netflix series and Original shows new on Netflix right now The best Netflix series and Original shows new on Netflix right now Netflix 26 May 2017 Best podcasts 2017: new podcasts like Serial on tech and culture every week Best podcasts 2017: new podcasts like Serial on tech and culture every week Podcast 26 May 2017 Technology Science Culture Video Reviews Magazine Business Security Space Podcasts Events Innovation Awards Subscribe About ONLY £1.50 AN ISSUE + FREE DIGITAL EDITIONS Subscribe Follow wired Newsletter Sign Up Trump confirms plans to leave Paris climate agreement. Here's what you need to know Trump confirms plans to leave Paris climate agreement. Here's what you need to know Climate Change 1 day ago Snapchat launches £130 video-recording Spectacles across Europe Snapchat launches £130 video-recording Spectacles across Europe Snapchat 1 hour ago They've done it again! Ligo scientists find gravitational waves for the third time They've done it again! Ligo scientists find gravitational waves for the third time Gravitational Waves 1 day ago New technique lets researchers control brain cells without the need for surgery New technique lets researchers control brain cells without the need for surgery Brain 1 day ago Pictures: Google's new London campus plans Pictures: Google's new London campus plans Google 6 items 1 day ago Best wireless earphones: Embrace the sound of silence with these Bluetooth earphones Best wireless earphones: Embrace the sound of silence with these Bluetooth earphones Music 1 day ago How to launch a travel startup to rival the sharing economy How to launch a travel startup to rival the sharing economy Work Smarter 1 day ago UpVote episode 6: Labour's surge and the secrets behind Brexit UpVote episode 6: Labour's surge and the secrets behind Brexit Politics 1 day ago Silk Road creator Ross Ulbricht loses appeal against life sentence Silk Road creator Ross Ulbricht loses appeal against life sentence Silk Road 1 day ago Microsoft is now 'paying' UK users to ditch Google and search with Bing Microsoft is now 'paying' UK users to ditch Google and search with Bing Microsoft 1 day ago Apple WWDC 2017: Fresh reports suggest 'Siri speaker' unveiling is imminent Apple WWDC 2017: Fresh reports suggest 'Siri speaker' unveiling is imminent Apple 1 day ago Nasa's mission to Sun renamed after astrophysicist behind solar wind theory Nasa's mission to Sun renamed after astrophysicist behind solar wind theory Sun 1 day ago Rare mummy DNA has revealed clues about the relatives of ancient Egyptians Rare mummy DNA has revealed clues about the relatives of ancient Egyptians Ancient Egypt 2 days ago Baffled by the general election? Not sure who to vote for? These online tools will help Baffled by the general election? Not sure who to vote for? These online tools will help General Election 2 days ago The UK's laptop ban on flights: everything we know so far The UK's laptop ban on flights: everything we know so far Flights 2 days ago The biggest movie releases coming out in June The biggest movie releases coming out in June Film 33 minutes ago The biggest new game releases for May The biggest new game releases for May Gaming 12 May 2017 The best shows and TV series on Amazon Prime UK The best shows and TV series on Amazon Prime UK Amazon Prime 24 May 2017 This month's free games for PlayStation Plus This month's free games for PlayStation Plus Playstation 27 Apr 2017 The best Netflix series and Original shows new on Netflix right now The best Netflix series and Original shows new on Netflix right now Netflix 26 May 2017 Best podcasts 2017: new podcasts like Serial on tech and culture every week Best podcasts 2017: new podcasts like Serial on tech and culture every week Podcast 26 May 2017 Music Best wireless earphones: Embrace the sound of silence with these Bluetooth earphones WIRED tests the Here One, Apple AirPods, Jabra Elite Sport and more in search of the best Bluetooth earphones By Chris Haslam 1 day ago By Chris Haslam Thursday 1 June 2017 Apple's W1 Bluetooth chip improves connection and sound Sun Lee Life can be a little loud sometimes. One of the simplest ways to control the rush of everyday sounds is a good pair of earbuds. But the true mark of quality earbuds is changing. Now, they not only let you choose the kind of music you want to hear, but can even lower the rush of sound in the world around you. WIRED put six sets of wireless earphones to the test to find out which ones you should buy. ADVERTISEMENT Here One: The best wireless earphones we've tested Roger Stillman They're not the most stylish, the fit lacks finesse and the two-hour battery life borders on the hopeless, but the Here Ones are the smartest wireless earbuds on the planet. Aside from the achievement of making individual wireless earbuds that sound good, it's also included adjustable active noise cancelling (ANC) and hearing-aid technology so you can choose to block out the real world, or amplify it. READ NEXT In Age of Anxiety, Pixx takes on our social media addiction In Age of Anxiety, Pixx takes on our social media addiction By James Temperton Using the Here Active Listening System app, you take control of the sound using either a simple volume slider or a series of filters. There's the typical Airplane mode, which works incredibly well given the form factor, and more than accounts for the short battery life. The Crowd filter reduces background noise, Office cuts out colleague chatter, City reduces wind noise while cycling, and you can also choose to enhance speech coming from in front of, or behind you. It sounds gimmicky (and, in truth, it is), but the performance is hugely impressive. Amplification is clear, voices cut through the din of even the noisiest pub and it's executed brilliantly. Sadly, the same Bluetooth drop-out found elsewhere on test remains here, so keeping your phone nearby is essential. On-ear controls for ANC and filters also wouldn't go amiss. However, the Here One brings an exciting new level of performance and practicality to headphone design. £250 8/10 Weight 6g each Dimensions 18.9mm x 21mm x 20mm Battery life Two hours (eight hours with charging case) ADVERTISEMENT READ NEXT Master & Dynamic launches MA770 – a gorgeous multiroom speaker made from concrete Master & Dynamic launches MA770 – a gorgeous multiroom speaker made from concrete By Jeremy White How we tested Over a six-month period, WIRED commuted, flew long- and short-haul, hit the gym, pounded pavements and sat plugged in at work while wearing a selection of wireless earbuds. Each was tested for looks, comfort, style, sound quality, battery life and connectivity, and although many popped out, only one earbud was lost in action. Also worth considering If you don't fancy the Here One earphones, also consider these alternatives. Apple AirPods Despite their diminutive dimensions, the AirPods elicited the most looks in public of all on test. Once you remove them from the tiny case they sync automatically with your iPhone, and an optical sensor and accelerometer mean they know when they're in your ears - take one out and the music pauses. And, surprisingly for an Apple product, they have phenomenal battery life. ADVERTISEMENT READ NEXT How DJ Alan Walker went from YouTube to multi-platinum How DJ Alan Walker went from YouTube to multi-platinum By Charlie Burton On-ear controls are limited, so you'll need to speak to change volume or skip tracks, or resort to getting your phone out. However, noise-filtering microphones mean phone calls suffer very little background noise. As for fit, without a rubber tip they shouldn't stay in place, but they do - and they're comfy. For the money, though, the sound quality is poor. If you're happy with standard Apple earbuds, then your expectations will be met. But if you're an audiophile, you will be disappointed. £159 7/10 Weight 4g each Dimensions 16.5mm x 18mm x 40.5mm Battery life Five hours (24 hours with charging case) Jabra Elite Sport Roger Stillman Although not as comfy or attractive as the Samsung IconX (below), Jabra has produced an impressive pair of fitness earbuds. The secure fit, full waterproof casing, in-ear optical heart-rate monitor and excellent Jabra Sport Life training app provides all the motivation, training plans and analytics an amateur athlete will need. READ NEXT These headphones are always listening and can replay sounds from your past These headphones are always listening and can replay sounds from your past By James Temperton Although chunky, they stayed resolutely in place. Sound quality is also better than the rest on test, with plenty of bottom end. Connection was reliable and on a par with the AirPods. It's in the gym, though, where the Elite Sport and its companion app excels. Kick things off with its V02 Max tracking function - a 15-minute, full-effort run - and it will assess your base-level fitness and provide coaching. A three-hour battery life is acceptable, but the real draw is the Jabra Sport ecosystem, not the actual earbuds - if you can accommodate its bud-to-bud cable, the Jabra Sport Pulse has all the Elite's features for £100 less. £229.99 7/10 Weight 13g each Dimensions 6.8mm x 5.1mm Battery life Three hours (nine hours with charging case) Rowkin Bit Stereo Roger Stillman READ NEXT How music can help with strokes, autism and Parkinson's How music can help with strokes, autism and Parkinson's Given the premium feel of Rowkin's sleek tube-shaped carry case, you'd imagine they were the most, not least, expensive headphones on test. Their tiny earbuds proved loud enough for the commute, and a press of a button calls up Siri or Google Now, but the experience is patchy. Battery life isn't good enough for longer journeys, and you can only charge one bud at a time. To top up the charger case, you need to pull the tube apart and plug in a USB. Pairing is a faff, as you need to grapple with buttons on both units and they don't turn off automatically when docked. WIRED also had signal issues when the phone was not close by. Still, if you're a style-conscious, short-haul traveller on a budget, there's lots to love. $109.99 7/10 Weight 5.2g each Dimensions 14mm x 21mm Battery life Two hours (six hours with charging case) Motorola VerveOnes Music Edition Roger Stillman READ NEXT Music fans can't tell the difference between a new violin and a traditional Stradivarius Music fans can't tell the difference between a new violin and a traditional Stradivarius By Victoria Turk Motorola's second-generation earbuds are £80 cheaper than the original VerveOnes+, placing them in direct competition with dozens of Bluetooth headphones. And compete they do, with an eight-hour battery life and IP54 splash-proof build. Despite the bulbous design, the fit is secure, although not as snug as the Samsung IconX - and if one does pop out, you can log on to the Hubble Connected app and pinpoint the location the earbuds were last synced. The charging case less-than pocket-friendly, but with capacity for three extra charges, these buds outplayed the competition. But connection is an issue, and inserting "Music" in the product's name is no guarantee of sonic fidelity - a common weakness in wireless earbuds that's present here. They're not awful, but when pushed, the sound tends to fall apart. £150 6/10 Weight 12g each Dimensions 35mm x W35mm x 90mm Battery life Two hours (eight hours with charging case) Samsung Gear IconX Roger Stillman ADVERTISEMENT Despite launching ahead of the AirPods, Samsung hasn't gone out its way to promote the IconX. At first glance this seems odd, given the built-in 3.5GB MP3 player, optical heart-rate sensor, great build quality, stylish design and secure fit. On second glance, however, WIRED suspects that getting one over on Apple was its real priority. Sound quality is below average; there is a clever ambient sound mode to let traffic noise in when running, but you can only activate it through a menu in the Gear app,  not via the earbuds. Connectivity is fiddly, requiring two apps to get them synced, and a third - such as Samsung's S Health or MapMyRun - if you want to use fitness tracking. Jabra's all-in-one approach would be preferable. The twin heart-rate sensors tracked well and didn't lose connection, but iPhone users beware: it won't work with iOS. You can forget marathon training, too, because battery life is woeful - when heart-rate tracking and streaming, it barely managed 90 minutes. £199 5/10 Weight 6.3g each Dimensions 18.9mm x 26.4mm x 26mm Battery life 90 minutes to 3.8 hours This article was first published in the June 2017 issue of WIRED magazineView issue Music Technology Gear Share this article RECOMMENDED Earin earbuds review: genuinely wireless Earin earbuds review: genuinely wireless 7/10 By Jeremy White Earphones 07 Dec 2015 Bang and Olufsen unveils wireless Beoplay H5 earphones Bang and Olufsen unveils wireless Beoplay H5 earphones By Victoria Woollaston Sound 29 Jun 2016 Gallery: Earin earbuds review: genuinely wireless Gallery: Earin earbuds review: genuinely wireless By Jeremy White Earphones 07 Dec 2015 The best Lightning, wireless and Bluetooth headphones The best Lightning, wireless and Bluetooth headphones By Matthew Reynolds Technology 12 Sep 2016 Privacy policy and cookie statement Terms & conditions Careers Contact © Condé Nast UK 2017
Tech Search Search Paris AccordTim Cook Is ‘Disappointed’ That Trump Chose to Quit the Paris Climate Accord Climate ChangeCalifornia Looks to Link Its Carbon Market With China Following U.S. Pullout of Paris Agreement PoliticsThe Environmental Protection Agency Offering Employee Buyouts in an Attempt to Cut Down Staffing Venture CapitalBiggest Venture-Backed Companies Are Worth Nearly $500 Billion Best Companies Apple’s Siri Speaker Could Be Getting Ready for Prime Time Don Reisinger Jun 01, 2017 Apple is working its way towards the smart home, a new report says. The technology giant is currently manufacturing a new smart home hub that would compete with Amazon Echo and Google Home, among others, Bloomberg is reporting, citing sources. The device could be unveiled on Monday at Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) event, but likely won't debut until later this year, the report says. Rumors have been swirling for months that suggest Apple is working on a new smart home hub. The device, the rumors have said, would be powered by its virtual personal assistant Siri and would control smart home devices. It might also interact with third-party apps. Get Data Sheet, Fortune’s technology newsletter A Siri-based speaker would put Apple (aapl) in direct competition with Amazon's Echo and Echo Show, as well as Google Home. All three devices similarly come with speakers and voice control. Amazon's devices are powered by its virtual personal assistant Alexa. Google Home is powered by its Alexa and Siri alternative Google Assistant. According to Bloomberg's sources, Apple's product would differ from Amazon (amzn) and Google's (googl) products by integrating with other products from the company, including the iPhone and iPad. Apple is also bundling loud speakers in the device in hopes of topping its competitors. However, like its competitors, the speaker would allow users to control smart home gadgets and play music, and would support third-party apps, the Bloomberg sources say. Last month, Apple senior vice president of worldwide marketing Phil Schiller criticized current smart home hubs for not having a display, suggesting that if Apple is indeed working on an alternative, it would come with a screen. While Amazon last month unveiled the Echo Show, which has a screen, the Bloomberg sources say the Siri-based speaker won't offer the feature. Apple is holding a keynote to kick off WWDC at 1 p.m. on Monday. The company is expected to focus on software during its address, but as Bloomberg's sources note, the speaker could make an appearance. Several rumors say Apple might also unveil a new iPad at the event. Apple did not respond to a Fortune request for comment. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Subscribe Username Sign In Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Retropolis National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Newsletters & Alerts Podcasts Cape Up Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments20+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it On Leadership ‘Climate change is real’: CEOs share their disappointment over Trump’s Paris accord exit The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Jena McGregor By Jena McGregor June 1 at 11:16 AM Follow @jenamcgregor Apple CEO Tim Cook, right, and PayPal founder Peter Thiel, center, listen as President-elect Donald Trump speaks with technology leaders in New York in December. According to a report in Bloomberg, Cook placed a last-minute call to the White House Tuesday in an effort to urge Trump to stay in the Paris climate agreement. (Evan Vucci/AP) This story has been updated.  Despite last-ditch appeals from the top chief executives and months of letters and outreach to the White House from some of America's largest companies and CEOs, President Trump announced that the United States would exit the Paris climate agreement, breaking ranks from nearly all the world's countries and saying he would try to renegotiate the deal or enter into a new one. "We’re getting out,” Trump said in a Rose Garden announcement Thursday afternoon, “but we will start to negotiate and we will see if we can make a deal that’s fair. If we can, that’s great. If we can’t, that’s fine.” In response, one corporate titan after another tweeted their disappointment at the announcement, companies issued statements committing to action on climate change and two high-profile members of Trump's business advisory council said they would leave the forum in response. After threatening Wednesday to leave if Trump made the exit, Tesla and SpaceX CEO Elon Musk tweeted Thursday afternoon that he was "departing presidential councils. Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world." Disney CEO Robert Iger followed him, calling his departure from the president's advisory council a matter of "principle." Am departing presidential councils. Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world. — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) June 1, 2017 As a matter of principle, I've resigned from the President's Council over the #ParisAgreement withdrawal. — Robert Iger (@RobertIger) June 1, 2017 Other companies and CEOs joined the chorus. General Electric CEO Jeff Immelt, who had said during a speech to students at Georgetown University in May that the business community "has kind of moved on in this debate," tweeted a similar refrain, calling upon business to lead the way on global climate standards. "Disappointed with today’s decision on the Paris Agreement," he wrote in a tweet. "Climate change is real. Industry must now lead and not depend on government." Disappointed with today’s decision on the Paris Agreement. Climate change is real. Industry must now lead and not depend on government. — Jeff Immelt (@JeffImmelt) June 1, 2017 Other tech leaders shared their disappointment. Apple's Tim Cook wrote a letter to employees, obtained by the Washington Post, saying he spoke with Trump on Tuesday and "tried to persuade him to keep the U.S. in the agreement. But it wasn't enough." He wrote that "we will never waver, because we know that future generations depend on us," and said in a tweet the withdrawal "was wrong for our planet." Salesforce CEO Marc Benioff said he was "deeply disappointed," and Microsoft president and chief legal officer Brad Smith wrote on LinkedIn that the company had "actively engaged the Trump Administration on the business case" for staying in the agreement and "we all live on a small planet and every nation needs to work with others to protect it." In a statement, Intel said it "firmly" believes the United States should keep participating in the accord. Meanwhile, Dow Chemical CEO Andrew Liveris, who was the driving force behind a letter signed by 30 high-profile CEOs earlier this month encouraging Trump to honor the U.S. commitment, said his company was disappointed, but would "continue to collaborate with President Trump as well as other businesses, NGOs and academics" on reducing greenhouse gas emissions. The responses follow months of letters and outreach to Trump from companies in industries as diverse as manufacturing, technology and energy to remain part of the more than 190-nation accord, making arguments that went well beyond sustainability, good corporate citizenship or the need for American leadership. While Trump's explanation for exiting the accord was, in part, that it would hurt domestic manufacturing and cost U.S. jobs, CEOs' appeals to the president have been largely business-focused, saying instead that an exit threatens American competitiveness, raises the risk of negative trade implications and could hurt their ability to create jobs. [Trump’s Paris decision comes today, with the world watching] They also come after several last-minute arguments to Trump for staying in the deal. In addition to Cook's call, Musk tweeted an open threat, saying Trump would lose him on the business advisory councils if he exited the accord. “I've done all I can to advise directly to POTUS, through others in WH & via councils, that we remain,” Musk wrote. Don't know which way Paris will go, but I've done all I can to advise directly to POTUS, through others in WH & via councils, that we remain — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) May 31, 2017 When a follower asked him what he would do if Trump makes the call to exit, Musk said he would have “no choice” but to leave the White House councils of which he is a member. Will have no choice but to depart councils in that case — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) May 31, 2017 The final push by CEOs also included letters that were featured in full-page ads in newspapers, such as one signed by 25 companies that ran in the New York Times and the Wall Street Journal on Thursday and earlier in May. The ads were sponsored by the Center for Climate and Energy Solutions and the sustainability nonprofit Ceres and included a shorter version of a letter that was first signed in April, arguing that “the United States can best exercise global leadership and advance U.S. interests by remaining a full partner in this vital global effort.” Google, Intel, Uniliever and Schneider Electric were just a few of the names that signed the letter. Even ExxonMobil had appealed to Trump to stay in the agreement. In a letter dated May 9, CEO Darren Woods wrote to Trump in what the Financial Times called a “last-ditch personal plea,” arguing that staying in allows the United States to remain “at the negotiating table to ensure a level playing field” on energy sources. That letter followed a prior appeal by the fossil fuels giant, which remains under fire from shareholders over climate issues, to the White House in March. [Financial firms lead shareholder rebellion against ExxonMobil climate change policies] Efforts by Corporate America to influence Trump on the agreement date to at least to shortly after the election, when hundreds of large and small companies, ranging from Starbucks to Monsanto, signed a letter in support of the Paris climate agreement. “Failure to build a low-carbon economy puts American prosperity at risk,” the letter said, calling the Paris climate agreement a “historic opportunity to tackle climate change.” Read also: The cost of silence: Why more CEOs are speaking out in the Trump era Trump invited the CEO comparisons, and now he's being held to them Like On Leadership? Follow us on Facebook and Twitter, and subscribe to our podcast on iTunes. business on-leadership on-leadership true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 20+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Jena McGregor writes a daily column analyzing leadership in the news for the Washington Post’s On Leadership section. Follow @jenamcgregor 24 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Most Read 1 Walmart is asking employees to deliver packages on their way home from work 2 These titans of industry just broke with Trump’s decision to exit the Paris accords 3 Analysis Trump’s reasons for leaving the Paris climate agreement just don’t add up 4 Paul Allen just rolled out the world’s largest airplane, and he is ready to take on the rocketmakers 5 The big missteps that brought an American retail icon to the edge of collapse The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post. Subscribe Market Watch DJIA 0.65% NASDAQ 0.78% Get quote Last Update: 4:53 PM 06/02/2017(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game business on-leadership on-leadership Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Fast Company Newsletter Subscribe Technology Leadership Entertainment Ideas Video News fast company homepage technology leadership entertainment ideas video news co.Design homepage cities graphics innovation by design interactive product spaces collections The Most Innovative Companies The top 50 companies in entertainment, media, sports, technology, and more. Most Creative People Meet this year's inspiring leaders. Innovation By Design A showcase for ingenious design solutions. World Changing Ideas New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine—even an entirely new economic system. Work Smart The apps, tips, tactics, and brain hacks to help you work smarter instead of harder. FastCo.Works Studio An award-winning team of journalists, designers, and videographers who tell brand stories through Fast Company’s distinctive lens.Current Issue Current Issue SUBSCRIBE Follow us: advertisement advertisement 06.01.17 tech forecast Robots, Drones, And Lego Creations Invade Apple’s iPad Coding Environment For Kids “What’s better than a kid engaged on an iPad? A kid engaged on an iPad. With a robot.” The MeeBot does its thing, thanks to Swift Playgrounds. By Harry McCracken3 minute Read At last year’s Apple WWDC conference, the company’s “one more thing” kicker at its keynote wasn’t a headline-grabber–but it was nonetheless intriguing. The company introduced Swift Playgrounds, an iPad app that let kids (and other coding newbies) write their own iOS programs using its Swift language. The goal was to teach coding in a playful, interactive, distinctly Apple-esque way. advertisement Almost a year later, Apple says that Swift Playgrounds has been downloaded a million times. And on Monday, June 5–the day of this year’s WWDC keynote–the company is releasing Swift Playgrounds 1.5, an update that expands the programming environment’s domain beyond iOS apps by showing kids how to write code to control robots, drones, and other gizmos. Two critters built with Lego’s Mindstorms EV3. That’s not an entirely new frontier for Swift Playgrounds: You can already use it to talk to external devices via Bluetooth, a capability that some third parties have adopted to make their offerings Playgrounds-compatible. But now Apple is working with several gadget makers to bring educational materials related to this capability directly into Swift Playgrounds, making it not just technically possible but a core aspect of the programming environment. That will make Swift Playgrounds more fun–who wouldn’t want to teach a drone to do flips mid-air?–but there’s also a serious aspect to Swift Playgrounds’ mission. “Coding is a lingua franca in the world today,” said Susan Prescott, Apple’s VP of product marketing for apps, markets, and services, at a press event the company held to preview the software update. “A lot of the world around is is run by software. We think kids everywhere should have the opportunity to code.” Though unstated by Apple, there’s also a business case for these kinds of features. Google’s Chromebooks have made enormous inroads in the educational market once dominated by Apple gear, but their cloud-based approach to computing isn’t well suited to writing code to manipulate physical devices in the real world. It’s in Apple’s interest to give the iPad tangible schoolroom capabilities that a Chromebook can’t match. “What’s better than a kid engaged on an iPad?” Prescott asked. “A kid engaged on an iPad. With a robot.” Hardware Brigade Apple’s collaborators in this initiative include Lego (with its Mindstorms robotic building system), Parrot (drones), Sphero (the Sprk+ and BB-8 robots), Ubtech (the Jimu Robot MeeBot robot), Wonder Workshop (the Dash robot), and Skoog (a music-making cube). In each case, Swift Playgrounds 1.5 will include projects that step budding coders through creating something entertaining using the environment’s interface, which puts code on the left-hand side of the iPad’s screen and a preview of what that code accomplishes on the right. For instance, they’ll be able to program a real-world version of Pong that uses a Sprk+ bot as a ball and the feet of two human players as paddles. More advanced and ambitious coders will also be able to treat the ability to control these devices via Swift Playgrounds more like a blank sheet of paper, devising their own sequences of commands to accomplish feats entirely of their own imagining. For instance, it’ll be possible to use code to specify a Parrot drone’s yaw, pitch, and roll. advertisement A Parrot drone and iPad Pro in the foreground, with other Swift Playgrounds-compatible gadgets behind them. At Apple’s preview event, a couple of teachers who have been working with a pre-release version of Swift Playgrounds 1.5 in their classrooms spoke about their experiences. They echoed the company’s mantra about the importance of teaching young people to code, and said that the software’s new version delivered on its promise. Kelly Croy, a teacher at Oak Harbor Middle School in Oak Harbor, Ohio, added that the school’s computing and robotics programs have been largely separate until now, and Swift Playgrounds is blurring the lines in ways that make it a powerful tool: “It’s giving students a voice in areas they’ve never had before.” About the author Harry McCracken is the technology editor for Fast Company, based in San Francisco. In past lives, he was editor at large for Time magazine, founder and editor of Technologizer, and editor of PC World. More Fast Company Daily NewsletterSign Up Receive special Fast Company offersSee All Newsletters advertisement Related Stories Technology Blue Apron Files To Go Public While Amazon And Walmart Prepare To Eat Its Lunch Technology Confused By All Of Facebook’s Changes To News Feed And Trending? Here’s A Timeline advertisement Video How The Art World Could Influence Political Opinions Pulling Out Of The Paris Climate Agreement Could Be A Huge Blow To The U.S. Economy Meet The Man (And Network) Behind Your Favorite TV Shows Kushner Ties Could Deter Tenants From Brooklyn's Iconic Watchtower Property Why Uber Might Owe You Money Sarah Michelle Gellar Is Disrupting The Baking Industry This Organization Works To Retain Employees, By Expanding Childcare and Eldercare To Workers You Can Control This Drone With Hand Gestures--And Other Stories You Might've Missed How These Film Buffs Turned Movie Trailer Spoofs Into A Successful YouTube Channel Wolfgang Puck Impressed His First Boss—And Built A Career From It Why Gwyneth Paltrow Is In Awe Of Women Entrepreneurs Could Ford’s New CEO Get Self-Driving Cars On The Road Faster? How This Fashion Company Incorporates Inclusion For Its Team of 80% Women How Gwyneth Paltrow Pursued Her Passion To Found Goop "Veep" And "House Of Cards" Are Both Becoming Scarily Real Ideas Ideas By Pulling Out Of The Paris Agreement, Trump Just Threw Away America’s Biggest Business Opportunity Ideas We’ve Pulled Out Of The Paris Agreement. What’s Next: A Damaged Economy, Country, And Planet Ideas Is This The Golden Age Of Entrepreneurialism? The Statistics Say No Entertainment Entertainment Wealthsimple Unveils The Supreme Retirement Plan To NYC Streetwear Fanatics Entertainment Danny McBride Goes Full Danny McBride In This New Xbox Ad Entertainment Inside FX’s “Fearless” Rise To TV Domination Co.Design Spaces This Circular Park Bench Is The Most Scandinavian Thing Ever Product An Airline Pilot Designed This Aerospace-Inspired Lamp Cities The Smart City Already Exists–Under Our Streets Fast Company Ideas By Pulling Out Of The Paris Agreement, Trump Just Threw Away America’s Biggest Business Opportunity Technology Blue Apron Files To Go Public While Amazon And Walmart Prepare To Eat Its Lunch Ideas We’ve Pulled Out Of The Paris Agreement. What’s Next: A Damaged Economy, Country, And Planet Advertise Privacy Policy Terms Contact About Us Site Map Fast Company & Inc © 2017 Mansueto Ventures, LLC </noscript></body></html>
Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Latest News Football Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Travel Business Health And Fitness Podcast Immersive Gossip Latest News Compare India Lifestyle World Business Photos Football GIRS French Open Champions Trophy Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports All Sections LIVE TV Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Latest News Football Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Travel Business Health And Fitness Podcast Immersive Gossip Latest NewsCompare IndiaLifestyleWorldBusinessPhotosFootballGIRSFrench OpenChampions Trophy Latest News Compare India Lifestyle World Business Photos Football GIRS French Open Champions Trophy Apple App Developers, Including Indians, Earned Over $70 Billion Get CBSE Class 10 Board Results 2017 Directly on Bing.com on June 3 Truecaller is More Popular in India Than Facebook App: Report Poor Weather Halts SpaceX Resupply Mission to Space Station: NASA News18 » Tech 2-min read Apple App Developers, Including Indians, Earned Over $70 Billion IANS Updated: June 1, 2017, 8:08 PM IST Representative Image. (Image: Reuters) The global developer community, including many from India, has earned over $70 billion since the App Store's launch in 2008, Apple announced on Thursday. "$70 billion earned by developers is simply mind-blowing. We are amazed at all of the great new apps our developers create and can't wait to see them again next week at our Worldwide Developers' Conference," said Philip Schiller, Apple's Senior Vice President of Worldwide Marketing, in a statement. In January, Apple announced that its app developers earned over $20 billion in 2016 -- up over 40 percent from 2015 and according to sources, a sizable chunk of those app developers were from India. App developers from India are now creating amazing apps for its platform. Apple last year revealed plans for an iOS app design and development facility in Bengaluru. Across India, Apple supports over 640,000 iOS app developer jobs and other positions related to the iOS ecosystem. According to the company, since the release of iOS 10 last fall, iPhone and iPad users have also experienced new engaging and creative ways to connect. Also read: HTC U11 Review: It Squeezes Into the iPhone 7 & Samsung Galaxy S8 Territory From Pokémon GO and Super Mario Run to other standout launches such as CancerAid, SPACE by THIX, Zones for Training with Exercise Intensity, Vanido, Ace Tennis and Havenly, customers discovered and experienced new apps and games every day on the App Store. The App Store developers from around the world create apps for customers in 155 countries that improve lives, rethink industries and shape culture. In the past 12 months alone, downloads from the App Store have grown over 70 percent. Gaming and Entertainment are top-grossing categories, and Lifestyle apps, as well as Health and Fitness, have experienced over 70 per cent growth in the past year. The Photo and Video category is also among the fastest-growing at nearly 90 per cent growth. With the subscription business model now available to developers across all 25 app categories, the App Store's active paid subscriptions are up 58 percent year-over-year. "Customers are enjoying subscriptions across a wide variety of services including long time favourites such as Netflix and Hulu, as well as newcomers like Tastemade, the modern, mobile-first cooking network, and photo editing apps like Over and Enlight," Apple said in a statement. "People everywhere love apps and our customers are downloading them in record numbers," added Schiller. Also read: Sony Xperia XZ Premium Launched at Rs 59,990, To Go Against Samsung Galaxy S8, Apple iPhone 7 Plus Apple apple store developers IOS First Published: June 1, 2017, 8:08 PM IST Read full article Next Story Live TV Recommended For You Champions Trophy 2017: Dhawan & Umesh Spend Time with Family A Death In The Gunj: Vikrant is The Star of Konkona's Directorial Debut Jeep Rolls Out First Made-in-India Compass Compact SUV Virat Kohli, MS Dhoni & Rohit Sharma Surprise Fans in Edgbaston HTC U11 Review: It Squeezes Into the iPhone 7 & Samsung Galaxy S8 Territory About Us Privacy Policy Disclaimer Contact Us Sitemap Complaint Redressal Advertise With Us sections India Lifestyle States Tech Politics Auto Sports iVideos Football Power Circuit Latest News 'India, China Taking up Leadership Roles on Reducing Carbon Emissions' Ramachandra Guha Tears Into Dhoni in Resignation Letter to Vinod Rai Hrithik Roshan Keen To Contribute Towards Welfare of Differently Abled Centre Has to Re-look Cattle Sale For Slaughter Ban: Arunachal CM Pema Khandu Saina Nehwal Advances to Quarter-Finals of Thailand Open Watch LIVE From Network18 News18 India CricketNext News18 States Pradesh18 Bangla News Gujarati News Urdu News Marathi News Topper Moneycontrol Firstpost CompareIndia History India MTV India In.com Burrp E-Learning Franchise Opportunity CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2016 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP, displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of NEWS18.com does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved.
Apps iPhone Apps iPad Apps Mac Apps Apple TV Apps Apple Watch Apps The Best Apps Tutorials Jailbreak Jailbreak Tweaks Jailbreak Guide Unlock Guide Deals Latest Deals Devices iPhone iPad Mac Apple Watch Apple TV More Download Wallpapers iPhone Photography Expert Tips Podcasts Apple expected to increase Intel LTE chip orders as fight with Qualcomm grows Cody Lee on June 1, 2017 1 Apple is expected to up its LTE chip orders from Intel as it looks to distance itself from Qualcomm, reports DigiTimes. Despite inferior performance, Intel has gone from supplying around 30% of iPhone 7 baseband chips in 2016 to 50% in 2017. And experts say it could be supplying over 70% of the baseband products for iPhones by 2018. Earlier this year, Apple filed a lawsuit against Qualcomm in a California district court for charging unfair prices to license its tech. Qualcomm has since countersued Apple, and withheld around $1 billion in royalty rebates from the iPhone-maker as retaliation for its participation in a Korean Fair Trade Commission investigation. Given the nature of this feud, don’t be surprised to see Apple work to dramatically reduce its reliance on Qualcomm over the next several months. The company recently hired Esin Terzioglu, Qualcomm’s VP of Engineering, to head up a new chip project. It’s believed they are developing their own, in-house baseband modems. Source: DigiTimes Tagged: Apple Baseband Intel iPhone LTE Qualcomm MORE FROM iDB Apple sues Qualcomm over withholding $1B as ransom in Korean legal investigation Qualcomm denies FTC’s claims it bribed Apple into using its modem chips Qualcomm under fire from FTC over allegedly forcing Apple to use its baseband modem chips burge The more Apple do in house the better as it will end this im going to sue you type practice. Any tech company will always walk on someones toes until they figure a way of doing something differently but hopefully Apple can achieve this. Featured Latest Daily Deals: $82 Holy Stone HD drone, $52 Logitech gaming mouse, and more Mad Max, Pulp Fiction and other iTunes movies on sale right now Jailbreak tweaks of the week: LaunchInSafeMode, Thumbtack, & more… SpotAngels, Ditty, Gaia GPS, and other apps to check out this weekend The best 4K monitors Daily Deals: $82 Holy Stone HD drone, $52 Logitech gaming mouse, and more Apple’s free app of the week: The Robot Factory How to always open Safari in a private window Apple begins decorating McEnery Convention Center ahead of WWDC 2017 Expand iPad’s Picture-in-Picture feature with PiPifier Jailbreak News DetailedCellularUsage reveals hidden items in your iPhone’s cellular usage report Allow guests to sign into your iPhone or iPad with Guest Mode 2 Toka replaces Home screen’s Today widgets with missed notifications Revamp your Lock screen’s battery charging display with Charge Colorize your iPhone’s toggle switches with SwitchTint Apps Apple’s free app of the week: The Robot Factory Expand iPad’s Picture-in-Picture feature with PiPifier How to stop Mail app from downloading all attachments on Mac Apple updating Swift Playgrounds with support for robots, drones, and instruments Skype is getting a major redesign with Snapchat-like features Accessories Nike’s new sneaker-matching Apple Watch bands now available for purchase Twelve South’s BookArc stand for Apple notebooks now available in Space Gray Apple’s begun manufacturing its Siri speaker ahead of WWDC Elgato debuts Eve Degree HomeKit sensor [video review] Former Android chief unveils edge-to-edge phone and Echo-like speaker Deals Withings Activité Steel Activity Tracker Watch for $89 Withings Pulse O2 Activity Tracker for $69 Pagico 8.7 for $19 Newsletter Get updates directly into your inbox. Subscribe Download the iDB app About | Contact | Advertise | Disclosure | Privacy Policy 2017 © iDownloadBlog.com - This website is not affiliated with Apple. Home Apps Tutorials Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Downloads Wallpapers Accessories Deals Podcasts Write for iDB Contact Us
Subscribe ▲ Learn more about Macworld's Digital Edition    🔎 Home News Reviews How-To Video Macs iPhone/iPad OS X iOS Apps Accessories Business Entertainment Subscribe Resources Macs MacBooks Mac Desktops iPhones Blogs iPads Accessories Apps Audio Business Cameras Components Development Software Displays E-readers Home Theater iOS iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories iPods OS X Printers Networking Productivity Software Smartwatches Storage Styluses Home Application Development News Apple’s new Swift Playgrounds 1.5 includes controls for robots and drones Students can learn how to write code to control products from Lego, Parrot, Sphero, and more. Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. By Roman Loyola Senior Editor, Macworld | Jun 1, 2017 8:00 AM PT Credit: Apple More like this Apple expands Swift Playgrounds to five new languages Meet Swift Playgrounds, the learn-to-code iPad app that feels like a puzzle... Here's what kids really think of Apple's Swift Playgrounds learn-to-code app Video How can Apple make iOS 11 upgrade-worthy? | The iPhone Show When Apple released Swift Playgrounds in 2016, it opened the world of coding to kids (and adults) who thought just the idea of creating an app was intimidating. Swift Playgrounds makes codes approachable and fun to learn, combining tutorials, a touch interface, and “challenges” on an iPad that anyone can use for free. While Swift Playgrounds can be a very satisfying experience that results in your very own app, technology moves forward—we’re now in a world where drones and robots are prevalent. With that in mind, Apple on Wednesday announced Swift Playgrounds version 1.5, which includes tools that teach students how to control drones and robots over Bluetooth using an iPad. Roman Loyola/IDG Swift Playgrounds 1.5 gives users the ability to program dance moves based on beats per minute with Ubtech’s Jimu Robot MeeBot Kit. The new program gives teachers access to Swift Playgrounds curriculum that works with a number of robots and drones, including products from Lego, Parrot, Sphero, Ubtech Robotics, and Wonder Workshop. Since Swift is an open-source language, Apple says that makes it easy for other companies to jump on the bandwagon. The addition of drone and robot support expands Swift Playgrounds’ content library, and the direct results experienced by students can be satisfying and help maintain interest in coding. “Kids know the difference between writing something that’s real and writing something that’s not real,” said Cheryl Thomas, Apple VP of Engineering, Swift Playgrounds, during a press event. Starting on June 5 (the first day of Apple’s 2017 Worldwide Developers Conference), educators will be able to access the new Swift Playgrounds 1.5 as a free download in the App Store. The app requires iOS 10 or later, and can run on all iPad Air and iPad Pro models, as well as the iPad mini 2. Support is provided through Apple’s Education program, which includes Professional Learning Specialists to help with the lessons. Roman Loyola/IDG Parrot drones can be programmed with Swift Playgrounds 1.5 to follow a flight pattern and perform tricks. Since its introduction in 2014, Swift has been embraced by software developers. Apple said that over 250,000 apps have been created using Swift. The company is also excited by Swift Playgrounds; at the version 1.5 event, Apple representatives said the over a million unique users have used the learning software. The Swift Playgrounds 1.5 announcement comes about a week after Apple released App Development with Swift, a year-long curriculum for educators interested in teaching Swift software development. The curriculum is available for free in the iTunes Store. To comment on this article and other Macworld content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. Related: Application Development Robots iPhone/iPad Software Swift Drones Roman has covered technology since the early 1990s. His career started at MacUser, and he's worked for MacAddict, Mac|Life, TechTV, PC/Computing, and Windows NT Systems. He's also written for MacRumors and Realtor.com. Follow You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Macworld Macworld is your best source for all things Apple. We give you the scoop on what's new, what's best and how to make the most out of the products you love. About Us Contact Us Mac OS X Hints Ad Choices Digital Magazines Newsletters Privacy Policy RSS Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Macworld CATEGORIES Business Creative Entertainment iOS Apps Mac Apps MacCentral iPhone/iPad OS X Podcasts Video IDG Network Sites Advertise Careers at IDG Creative Lab IDG IDG Consumer & SMB Knowledge Hub Macworld|iWorld PCWorld TechHive Permissions Try Macworld Risk-Free Subscribe Now Follow us    Visit other IDG sites: Select One CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDG Connect IDG TechNetwork IDG.tv InfoWorld IT News ITworld JavaWorld Network World PC World TechHive The Industry Standard Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc.
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Tech   A woman looks at the screen of her mobile phone in front of an Apple logo outside its store in downtown Shanghai September 10, 2013 file photo. REUTERS/Aly Song    How To Turn Off iCloud And Keep Your (Private) Photos Private Giuseppe Macri Tech Editor 1:19 PM 09/02/2014      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP Apple iPhone users are in a privacy panic following the hack and leak of private photos belonging to actresses, including Jennifer Lawrence and Kate Upton, and for good reason. Since its launch, the iCloud storage service has been a confusing collector of virtually all of users’ data, often without their knowledge. Here’s how to customize what it keeps, or turn it off completely. The iCloud service was designed to back up and coordinate data and content between iTunes, contacts, calendars, etc., and as unfortunate celebrities including Upton and Lawrence found out, it also stores photos and videos — even if you’ve deleted them from your phone. So customizing or clearing iCloud is a multi-step process across all of your Apple devices and the cloud itself. From the home screen of your device, select “Settings” and scroll down to “iCloud.” Here you can select items you may or may not want iCloud to back up online, including “Mail,” “Contacts” and “Photos.” Select “Off” for anything you don’t want to be saved in the cloud. To turn off iCloud on the device completely, scroll to the bottom of the same screen and select “Storage & Backup.” At the bottom of the screen under the header “Backup,” switch “iCloud Backup” to off by tapping the switch to display a white indicator to the left (if the switch is green and the indicator is to the right, iCloud Backup is turned on). Next, you have to delete the photos from your “Photo Stream,” where the device automatically saves a copy in addition to the “Camera Roll.” Photos will stay in “Photo Stream” even after you delete them from the “Camera Roll” and be uploaded to iPhoto next time you connect the device to its home computer. In the “Photos” app, select “Albums” and “My Photo Stream,” which should appear underneath “Camera Roll” if enabled. Delete accordingly. The stream will save your most-recent 1,000 photos for 30 days otherwise. Afterward, on your Mac computer, go to iPhoto and delete unwanted photos. Finally, go to “System Preferences” on your Mac and select “iCloud.” Sign in with the Apple username and ID you use to download music, apps, etc., and uncheck any of the icons that appear in the row on the right to control the content you don’t want iCloud to store. Consult Apple’s support page for managing iCloud to ensure you’ve enacted the privacy settings you’re comfortable with. The hacker(s) responsible for the celebrity phone leaks also exploited a bug in Apple’s “Find My iPhone” application to gain access to celebrities’ accounts, the software login of which allowed hackers to try multiple passwords with a guessing tool before eventually stumbling across the correct one. Apple has since reported the bug has been fixed. Follow Giuseppe on Twitter and Facebook Tags: Apple, hacked, iCloud, iPhone, Jennifer Lawrence, Kate Upton Hide Comments   Show 1 comment Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Emails and Notifications Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Precipitation Data Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Arrest Records Video Pastor arrested for alleged sex assaults on minors in Menlo Park 3 Santa Clara County jail guards guilty of murdering inmate Sen. Warren calls climate accord pullout Trump’s ‘gift’ to Trump administration asks Supreme Court to OK travel ban News Education Nation World Politics Sponsored: Clean Energy CA Refugees, migrants evacuated from old Athens airport site Smoke from fire kills 36 in Philippine casino attack European leaders: climate change deal can't be renegotiated Cambodia's ruler warns opposition not to challenge vote Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Quakes Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Outdoors Steve Kerr gets visit from Commissioner Adam Silver Klay Thompson’s shooting woes continue Durant powers Warriors to Game 1 rout of Cavaliers Watch out Cleveland: Steph Curry’s not messing around Business Technology The Tech Chronicles Jobs Public Notices Sponsored Content VisionSF Lyft’s first diversity report shows it’s mostly white and United CEO woos San Francisco travelers Nightlife bill advances to state Assembly Facebook investors grill Zuckerberg on fake news, gender pay gap A&E The Daily Dish Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Events Books TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Things To Do ‘Wonder Woman’ gives different perspective to an action movie The latest from Dear Abby Reno-Tahoe Nightlife Unlikely highlight in gender-bender: the male lover Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Food critic Michael Bauer Where to find free doughnuts in the Bay Area Here's a photo of Lebron James ordering a bunch of food at The Please stop calling your legal, open-to-the-public bar a Monsieur Benjamin: Is it worth the price? Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust Cannabis LGBT Mommy Files Houzz Parenting Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Town debates whether teens who mow lawns should pay $110 for Yosemite's newest thrill: Running through a 'dangerous' waterfall Watch a 6-year-old spell 'nyctinasty' at the National Spelling You know you're a real Oakland local if... Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips SFO getting more flights to New Orleans Cold rush: Larger fleet sails for Alaskan waters Italy’s ‘greatest lake’ not just for A-list celebrities Suite Spot: Conrad Bora Bora Nui, French Polynesia Real Estate The Walk-Through New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Sweet Orinda home goes pending in 8 days Berkeley’s Oaks Theatre hits the market at $4.25 million Hot Property: Custom everything awaits in the Claremont Hills These homes for sale all have pretty pools to lounge by Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car Short-lived marque lets broker fulfill college dream 1977 MGB Roadster made to travel Highway 1 Flagship model serves up elite international Grand Touring Coupes Carpooling mom rediscovers speed in Honda S2000 Jobs Job Events Hearst, SFGATE Jobs Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Be aware of the five most common interview areas Multiple careers, one resume? Follow quick tips for making your first job successful Battling depression during your job search Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/business/article/Apple-s-Swift-Playgrounds-expands-to-drones-11186733.php Apple’s Swift Playgrounds expands to drones, robots By Wendy Lee Updated 4:59 pm, Thursday, June 1, 2017 Begin Slideshow 2 Photo: Photos Provided By Apple, Apple Image 1of/2 Caption Close Image 1 of 2 This robotic Lego turtle can be programmed via Swift Playgrounds, starting on Monday. This robotic Lego turtle can be programmed via Swift Playgrounds, starting on Monday. Photo: Photos Provided By Apple, Apple Image 2 of 2 Apple CEO Tim Cook addresses audience members during the Apple World Wide Developers Conference at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco in June 2016. Apple is trying to boost its appeal to students and educators with updates to its Swift Playgrounds app. less Apple CEO Tim Cook addresses audience members during the Apple World Wide Developers Conference at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco in June 2016. Apple is trying to boost its appeal to students ... more Photo: James Tensuan, Special To The Chronicle Apple’s Swift Playgrounds expands to drones, robots 1 / 2 Back to Gallery Apple said Thursday that its Swift Playgrounds app will expand the ways it teaches students how to code, giving people the ability to program and control drones, robots and musical instruments. The Cupertino company is working with several businesses, including Lego, Parrot Education and Sphero, to bring these new options to Swift Playgrounds on Monday. The coding education app was introduced for the iPad last year, one of the few surprises at Apple’s annual developer conference. The app teaches young people how to use Swift, Apple’s programming language for iPhone and iPad apps. Latest business videos “We think coding is part of today’s society, whether you want to grow up to be a software developer or understand the world around you,” said Susan Prescott, vice president of product marketing for apps, markets and services. Apple has the “credibility to create curriculum to engage kids in coding,” she said. Apple introduced the Swift language in 2014. Today, roughly 250,000 apps on its App Store are written in Swift. Most of the rest are written in Objective-C, an older language that some developers view as more difficult to learn. Analysts say Apple is pushing Swift Playgrounds to reach potential customers at an earlier age and get them to use Apple products. Once the preferred device for U.S. classrooms, iPads lost their lead in 2014 to Chromebook, a laptop that uses Google software and is available in cheaper versions than the Apple tablet. While Swift Playgrounds won’t instantly reverse that trend, the app could help expose younger people to Apple. “Getting consumers to interact with Apple in a whole bunch of different ways helps develop that positive relationship early,” said Jennifer Kent, a director of research at Parks Associates, a Dallas research and consulting firm. Already, Apple has a strong following among younger consumers. Last year, 39 percent of 18- to 24-year-olds in the U.S. purchased an Apple product, compared with the 23 percent who bought a Samsung device, according to Parks Associates. Samsung is the leading maker of devices that run Google’s Android operating system, the chief rival to Apple’s iOS software. But iPad sales have declined. In Apple’s fiscal second quarter, the number of iPads sold dropped 13 percent to 8.9 million compared with a year earlier. Apple says that more than 1 million people have logged onto Swift Playgrounds to learn how to code. The app, designed for middle-school students, teaches people how to code by guiding characters through a mythical world. But now it can do much more. At a demonstration for reporters, Swift Playgrounds was used to move a spherical robot on the ground and flip a drone in the air. A different robot was even able to sway to the beats of “Gangnam Style” through programming on Swift Playgrounds. “I believe this is a strategic move for Apple,” said Polina Vorms, a research analyst with Futuresource Consulting in the United Kingdom. She added that Swift Playgrounds connecting with robots “will definitely be more exciting to students.” This year, Apple reduced the starting cost of iPads for schools to $299, making it more competitive with Chromebooks that range $200 to $300, Vorms said. Her firm said that just 19 percent of mobile devices shipped to K-12 schools in the U.S. use Apple’s operating system, compared with 58 percent that use Google’s. Chromebooks also work with coding education apps like Scratch that can be used to program robots. Kelly Croy, a teacher at Oak Harbor Middle School in Washington, said he is excited to have his students use Swift Playgrounds to program robots. “Now they get to use that same language that operates their phones ... to interact with robots in the physical world,” Croy said at a press event held at Apple. “It’s a game changer for my kids.” Wendy Lee is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: wlee@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @thewendylee Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. NBA FINALS GAME 1 Durant powers Warriors to Game 1 rout of Cavaliers Did Durant stare down Rihanna during Game 1? Watch out Cleveland: Steph Curry’s not messing around McGee already owns NBA Finals by wearing a Shaq hat Warriors’ McGee, Pachulia set down inside in Game 1 Kerr gets visit from the commish LATEST NEWS Pastor arrested for alleged sex assaults on minors Trump takes travel ban battle to Supreme Court Calif. one step closer to ending daylight saving time 36 dead from smoke in Philippine casino attack Couple's car stolen on same day their baby is due Single-payer health care bill passes state Senate Teen linked to 19 break-ins in BART parking lots Mavericks surf contest auction cancelled due to no bidders Pittsburgh mayor reacts to Trump climate accord decision Analysis: Trump's reasons for leaving the agreement don't add up Weather Channel trolls Trump after Paris climate pullout NY Daily News revives 'drop dead' cover over Trump's decision Man steals Portland attack victim's wedding ring, backpack Family of suspect in Portland stabbing offers condolences Great white sharks spotted off Santa Cruz beach Mysterious shark die-offs spread in SF bay Stienstra: The greatest wildlife show on earth has ignited Paddling, fishing, hiking at Lafayette Reservoir TODAY'S TOP PICKS Massive Big Sur landslide added 13 acres to coast 19 'Game of Thrones' fan theories for Season 7 and beyond Everything you think you know about parmesan cheese is a lie Most Popular 1 11-year-old mom forced to marry rapist, and it's legal in U.S. 2 California is one step closer to ending daylight saving time 3 Pittsburgh mayor and others react to Trump pulling out of... 4 Durant powers Warriors to Game 1 rout of Cavaliers 5 Video captures deadly shooting between bounty hunters,... 6 14-year-old girl dies after falling 50 feet on Lake Tahoe hike 7 Man steals Portland MAX attack victim's wedding ring and backpack 8 Single-payer health care bill passes state Senate, heads to... 9 JaVale McGee already owns the NBA Finals by wearing a Shaq hat... 10 Did Kevin Durant stare down Rihanna during Game 1? View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Sections My Edition My Edition home page Home Home page Today's Paper News Top News Breaking News Live blog Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Nation/World Education Health Bizarre News tb-two NIE Weather Politics Politics The Buzz Blog Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida Florida Legislature Business Sports Sports Scores & Stats Bucs Rays Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Obituaries Things to do Things To Do Events Food & Dining Kids Date night Shopping Deal Divas blog Florida travel Movie times Music & concerts Soundcheck blog Arts Stage Search Video Opinion Features Features Good Reads Floridian Magazine Bay magazine Travel Books Parenting Pets Weddings Fashion LifeTimes Comics & Games Circulars Entertainment Entertainment news TV & media The Feed blog TV listings Movies Movie times The Juice blog Stuck in the '80s blog Blogs Blogs Bay Buzz Bucs Beat Deal Divas Gadgets & Gizmos Gator Report Lightning Strikes The Heater The Buzz The Feed The State You're In The Gradebook The Juice SoundCheck Stuck in the 80s USF Sports Bulletin TBT Site Map Services Apps Shop Classified Cars Jobs Homes Subscriber Services Legal Ads Advertise Press releases Search Tampa Bay Times Pulitzer Prizes Make us your home page Today's Paper E-Newspaper Search Home My Edition News Politics Sports Things to Do Video Opinion Features & More Circulars Breaking news Live blog Business/Finance Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Education Health Obituaries More Human Interest Sand, sea and sunsets aside, 'Mad Beach' just can't relax US/World Bizarre news Weather Hurricane guide Special topics Social media Newspaper in Education (NIE) Top News 12-year-old California girl wins National Spelling Bee St. Petersburg's new pier is a go: City Council approves first construction funds Bucs rookie WR Chris Godwin wastes no time impressing Former Hillsborough Judge Ashley Moody files to run for Florida Attorney General Pinellas, Hillsborough credit card skimming scheme nets arrests for six Tampa residents News blogs All Eyes photo blog The Feed (Pop culture & media) Gadgets & Gizmos The Gradebook (Education) Deal Divas LIST OF ALL BLOGS The Buzz blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz blog PolitiFact PolitiFact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Medical marijuana Legislature Column: My 30 years of covering the Florida Legislature Top News Former Hillsborough Judge Ashley Moody files to run for Florida Attorney General Less than half of Florida counties saw job growth since Great Recession Trump announces U.S. pull out from climate pact Ex-FBI director Comey set to testify June 8 on Russia Column: My 30 years of covering the Florida Legislature Political writers Adam Smith Steve Bousquet Alex Leary Michael Auslen Jeremy Wallace Scores & stats Rays Bucs 2017 NFL Draft Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Outdoors Rowdies More Lightning Strikes Jones: Tampa delights in being Break Glass In Case of Emergency City (w/ video) Golf Auto Racing Storm Rays Opening Day gifs Spring Training Steven Stamkos Jameis Winston Evan Longoria Top News Bucs rookie WR Chris Godwin wastes no time impressing Ole Miss Rebels challenge: Playing for nothing Jones: Tampa delights in being Break Glass In Case of Emergency City (w/ video) State baseball: Jesuit thumps Dunedin in Class 6A semis Inside the Tampa Bay Rays' hot streak Sports blogs Bucs Beat The Heater (Rays) Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report LIST OF ALL BLOGS Events Food & dining Top 50 restaurants 2017 Cooking Kids Date night Shopping/Divas Music & concerts Florida travel Stage Arts Movie times Events National Doughnut Day is Friday, and 12 places are celebrating with free doughnuts and charity work Top News National Doughnut Day is Friday, and 12 places are celebrating with free doughnuts and charity work Florida CraftArt's contemporary fiber exhibit crosses into fine art territory Plan your weekend June 2-4: Golfers in Raymond James Stadium, Brantley Gilbert, 'Daily Show' host Trevor Noah Blogs & Neighborhoods Deal Divas Soundcheck Downtown Tampa South Tampa Ybor City Downtown St. Pete Tarpon Springs South Pinellas Beaches West Pasco MORE NEIGHBORHOODS Editorials & letters Perspective Submit a letter to the editor Editorials Editorial: Hit pause button on St. Petersburg Pier Top Opinion Editorial: Too much power, too little openness at Pinellas County Construction Licensing Board Editorial: Florida troopers need more money Editorial: Another Trump rant and foolish decision on climate change Editorial: Families are victims in fight between United, All Children's Thursday's letters: Sick children deserve better than this Columnists Tim Nickens Bill Maxwell Daniel Ruth Sue Carlton John Romano Ernest Hooper Dan DeWitt Features Good reads Entertainment news Floridian magazine Bay magazine Books Travel Pets Parenting Games TV listings Movie times Worse than the pain? The shame of endometriosis Top News Sand, sea and sunsets aside, 'Mad Beach' just can't relax Jeffrey Gettleman's 'Love, Africa' is a hair-raising memoir packed with affection Looking Back: 7-year-old Tommy gets a loaf of bread for Mom . . . eventually (January 29, 1964) Find serenity at Grand Cayman Island's Cemetery Beach Special topics A-Z TOPIC INDEX All Eyes photo blog Social media Worst Charities Scientology LifeTimes Senior Living Guide BLOG INDEX SITE MAP CONTACT US Breaking news Live blog Weather Obituaries Business Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida US/World Education Health Bizarre Blogs Buzz Blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Scores/stats Rays Bucs Lightning UF FSU USF High School Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Bucs Beat The Heater Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report Features Good Reads Entertainment Floridian magazine Bay magazine Special Topics Blogs Site Map Food & Dining Kids Events Date Night Deals & Shopping FL Travel Movies Movie Times Music & Shows Arts Stage OnScene Videos Neighborhoods Blogs Travel Books Relationships Pets Weddings Fashion Pop Culture LifeTimes Senior Living Guide TV & Media The Feed TV listings Movies Movie Times Juice Stuck in the '80s Home News Photos Scoreboard Teams Blog Video Recruiting Standings Leaders Hillsborough crime reports South and Central Tampa Brandon and South Shore Northwest Hillsborough and New Tampa Pinellas crime reports St. Pete Times Clearwater & North Pinellas Pasco things to do Hernando crime reports Hernando things to do Finance and Markets Deals and Shopping Cooking Recipes Restaurants Bars & Spirits Craft Beer Taste Test A sit-down with the billionaire in the Big (Red) Apple behind St. Pete's next great skyscraper By Susan Taylor Martin Times Senior Correspondent Tampa Bay Times Thursday, June 1, 2017 10:28am Print 0 My Edition I want to see more articles tagged I'm already following articles tagged Previous Next Previous Next NEW YORK CITY — Billionaire John Catsimatidis has a favorite word: opportunity. Related News/Archive New York developer Red Apple Group pays $2.6 million for downtown St. Petersburg arcade 3 Months Ago Red Apple Group buys coveted St. Petersburg parcel for $16.5 million 1 Month Ago Here's what to know before sitting down to a business lunch 7 Months Ago It was opportunity that led him as a college kid to buy the small grocery store where he worked, eventually parlaying it into Manhattan's biggest supermarket chain. It was opportunity that launched his Red Apple Group from soap and cereal into aviation, heating oil, insurance, finance, real estate and gas and convenience stores. And it was opportunity that prompted Catsimatidis to pay $16.5 million cash in April for an entire block in downtown St. Petersburg, a city that he has visited for years — his wife's 98-year-old father still lives there — but that he never thought was exactly flush with possibilities. Then, "all of a sudden, the city government seemed like it was a little more progressive in encouraging investment," says Catsimatidis, who is keeping a close eye on St. Petersburg's mayor race. "It's not as if we were looking for any investment but if somebody shows it to me and it's a good deal, I'll look into it. When the offer was made for the land in St. Pete, we wrote a check." PREVIOUS COVERAGE: Red Apple Group buys coveted St. Petersburg parcel for $16.5 million It is a Friday morning in Red Apple's headquarters, which cover the entire fifth floor of a high-rise office building in midtown Manhattan. Catsimatidis — whose hobbies include hosting a Sunday morning radio talk show — has just finished taping an interview in a room dominated by a big red glass apple. From there, he moves across the hall into a cluttered conference room. On one wall: An artist's conception of a soaring tower in St. Petersburg. Despite the rendering, Catsimatidis acknowledges that plans for the 400 block of Central Avenue are still in the preliminary stage as discussion continues over the best use of two vacant acres in the heart of a dramatically reenergized downtown. "I understand the city would like 200,000 (square feet) of office, 200,000 of hotels, lots of parking," he says. "It's a lot of land. We could have a separate hotel, a separate office building." But the 68-year-old Catsimatidis appears to have made up his mind in one regard: "We want to build a nice condo tower with great views. It will have balconies. I love balconies. You've got to be able to breathe fresh air." Cleared of all structures and attractively landscaped, the Central Avenue block probably will remain a fenced private park for at least a year. But Catsimatidis — who also bought a small building across the street for Red Apple's Florida headquarters — is poised to become a major player in downtown St. Petersburg's redevelopment just as he has become a well-known if sometimes eyebrow-raising figure in the city where he grew up. 'Common billionaire' politician Born in Greece, Catsimatidis was just six months sold when his parents moved to New York. He dropped out of college a few credits shy of graduation as he began building his grocery empire -- offering such innovations as check cashing and free delivery -- with stores under the names Red Apple, Gristedes and Sloan's. By age 24, Catsimatidis was making $1 million a year. Now, he ranks No. 581 on Forbes' list of the world's billionaires with a net worth of $3.3 billion, millions of which go to philanthropic causes. As Catsimatidis' businesses grew, so did his time in the public eye. Lining Red Apple's walls are dozens of photos of him with the famous, ranging from Fidel Castro and Cesar Chavez ("The poison on the grapes killing his workers also hurt my customers") to Ronald Reagan, Barack Obama and Bill Clinton. He has been especially close to Clinton, hosting fundraisers and letting the former president use his private jet. Catsimatidis, who sports an American flag pin and a tie covered with little eagle heads, said he pays no attention to political labels when contributing. "I look at people I consider good people who want to do the right thing," he says. It was as a Republican, though, that Catsimatidis broke into politics himself, running for mayor of New York City in 2013 as a "common billionaire" who would create jobs and improve public safety. He faced an uphill fight, partly because some voters considered his Gristedes stores dingy and overpriced, partly because of his unorthodox campaigning style. "Mr. Catsimatidis — whose smiling photo still appears at the top of Gristedes coupon fliers — has proved an exuberant and disruptive presence," the New York Times said at the time. "He swore at an audience member who questioned him at a Young Republicans' meeting, expressed skepticism about global warming at a sustainability event (he was booed), and once trailed off midsentence at a candidate forum, telling the puzzled audience, "Sorry, lost my train of thought." Catsimatidis was defeated in the Republican primary and recently abandoned thoughts of another try at the mayor's office, deeming the chances of anyone beating incumbent Bill de Blasio as "slim to none." As his New York grocery stores dwindled in number, victims of soaring rents and increased competition, Catsimatidis moved into other ventures including real estate. He owns "three or four blocks" on Coney Island where he plans to build residential towers. As a result of buying dozens of Pantry Pride supermarkets in Florida in the 1980s, "I owned 40 shopping centers from Key West to Riviera Beach," he says. Those have since been sold, and Catsimatidis is now focused on the Tampa Bay area, calling himself "almost a native of St. Pete." Deep St. Pete connections His initial ties to the city were through his wife, Margo. An Indiana native, she had moved to New York to purse a career as a ballerina but went to work as a temp for Red Apple after breaking an ankle. She and Catsimatidis married and had two children, John Jr. and Andrea, both executives with the company. Decades ago, the Catsimatidises began going to St. Petersburg to visit Margo's retired parents. The gregarious Catsimatidis got to know many prominent locals including then-Mayor Rick Baker, who "attended all of my wife's New Year's parties," he says. Catsimatidis clearly keeps up with local happenings that could affect his investments. He comments that "a lot of people have gotten behind" Baker in his current race for mayor against incumbent Rick Kriseman. But asked if plans to contribute to Baker, he quickly adds: "The other fellow seems like a decent guy, too." Among those in the bay area especially close to Catsimatidis is U.S. Rep. Gus Bilirakis of Tarpon Springs, who was best man at Andrea Catsimatidis' wedding to one of Richard Nixon's grandsons. (They have since divorced). Another Greek-American House member seems less in favor. "Charlie Crist was sitting in that chair where you are two days ago," Catsimatidis tells a reporter. "He was trying to raise money. I've known Charlie since he was governor and he p---- me off. He didn't show up to my wife's party." Catsimatidis doesn't remember which of his local contacts steered him toward the downtown St. Petersburg block, which he acquired after feuding owners resolved a long-running dispute. But he saw opportunity, even if it's not clear exactly what form it will take. "We didn't come here with a preliminary agenda other than to do a beautiful building," he says. "I don't mind spending money, I want to be proud of what we're doing." Even as Red Apple executives meet with architects and hotel companies about plans for the St. Petersburg property, the company remains on the look-out for other opportunities. One hint: "I love the beach," says Catsimatidis, who likes to stay at the TradeWinds Island Grand Resort on St. Pete Beach. Another hint: On a recent trip to Florida, he had breakfast with Tampa Bay Lighting owner Jeff Vinik, who is involved in a $2 billion makeover of Tampa's Channelside area. "He wanted to meet us and tell us what he's doing in Tampa and the opportunities," Catsimatidis says. In addition to real estate, he considers the bio-medical field ripe for investment "because people want to live longer." He and some family members have diabetes, so he is especially intrigued by talk that Apple is developing a device that continuously and non-invasively monitors blood sugar levels. One business where Catsimatidis sees less opportunity is the one where he got his start almost 50 years ago. Grocery stores are "going to have to change more or die," he says. "Every drug store now is a food store." Contact Susan Taylor Martin at smartin@tampabay.com or (727) 893-8642. Follow @susanskate John Catsimatidis Born: Sept. 7, 1948 in Nisyros, Greece Businesses: Owner of Gristedes Food; chairman and CEO of Red Apple Group energy and real estate conglomerate Net worth: $3.3 billion Politics: Ran for mayor of New York City in 2013 Quote: "If it's a good deal, I'll look into it.'' A sit-down with the billionaire in the Big (Red) Apple behind St. Pete's next great skyscraper 06/01/17 [Last modified: Thursday, June 1, 2017 4:36pm] Photo reprints | Article reprints © 2017 Tampa Bay Times      Abuse Policy Commenting Guidelines Join the discussion: Click to view comments, add yours Loading... More Business News Tap for more St. Petersburg's new pier is a go: City Council approves first construction funds 6/01/17 Local Government By Waveney Ann Moore, Times Staff Writer ST. PETERSBURG — A new pier will finally rise on the downtown waterfront, continuing a tradition that is more than a century old. Appointments at BayCare Health System and Frontier Communications highlight this week's Tampa Bay business Movers & Shakers 6/01/17 BusinessTimes Staff Hospitals BayCare Health System has named Sarah Naumowich president of Morton Plant North Bay Hospital. Naumowich has been serving as interim president since early January, stepping up from her previous position as director of operations when Mike Yungmann left his post as president to accept a new … Less than half of Florida counties saw job growth since Great Recession 6/01/17 State Roundup By Mary Ellen Klas, Times/Herald Tallahassee Bureau TALLAHASSEE —How many counties in Florida have more jobs now than before the recession? The answer stumps Enterprise Florida. Air Transat to offer seasonal flights to Toronto and Montreal from Tampa 6/01/17 AirlinesTimes Staff Air Transat will offer seasonal nonstop flights to Toronto and Montreal from Tampa International Airport beginning Feb. 18. Now Walmart wants employees to deliver packages on their way home from work 6/01/17 RetailBy Abha Bhattarai, Washington Post Walmart's newest tactic in its fight against online giant Amazon: Asking its employees to deliver online orders on their way home from work. More Today's top stats MORE Video Search Archives Search page Site map Index of site pages Subscribe Subscribe Renew Customer service E-Newspaper Subscribe Subscriber sign-in Contact us Directory Email Customer Service Call Customer Service: 1-800-888-7012 Email newsletters Sign up Text alerts Sign up Advertise with us Place an ad Market info Media kit Find Cars on AutoTrader.com Join us About us Times jobs | Internships Deliver the paper Times-sponsored events Click here for a directory of all Times consumer shows Tampa Bay Times Fund Inc. Grants Scholarships Times brand merchandise Photo reprints and licensing Article reprints and licensing Home News Politics Sports Things To Do Video Opinion Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Legal Ads Shop © 2017 All Rights Reserved Tampa Bay Times 490 First Avenue South St. Petersburg, FL 33701 727-893-8111 Contact Us RSS Privacy Policy Standard of Accuracy Terms, Conditions & Copyright
About Future Resources Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / JW Player Appoints Pablo Calamera Chief Technology Officer JW Player Appoints Pablo Calamera Chief Technology Officer Posted on June 1, 2017 by Benzinga Full Feed in Press Releases Leadership is an overused word, and is often misused. We like this definition. Former CTO of Vonage, CTO of iHeartRadio and Apple Executive Joins Senior Leadership Team at Leading Video Solutions Company NEW YORK, NY (PRWEB) June 01, 2017 JW Player, the world’s largest network-independent video platform, today announced it has hired Pablo Calamera as Chief Technology Officer. In this role, he will lead the company's engineering teams and drive market-leading innovations across JW Player’s global business. Calamera will work closely with the executive team and product leaders to develop and drive the company's strategic vision and direction. He will directly impact the evolution of the company's products and services, and play a key role in aligning technology across company departments, ensuring JW Player’s short- and long-term growth goals are met. A skilled technical leader and industry pioneer, Calamera has guided technical teams at small and large companies including iconic enterprises like Vonage, iHeartRadio, and Apple. His deep experience in fostering innovation while utilizing the latest technologies to fuel growth are a recurrent theme through his career. “Pablo is a technologist to his core with a 30-year track record of leveraging technology-based solutions to drive business value,” said JW Player CEO Dave Otten. “As we continue to support our customers’ growth, expand globally and lead industry innovation, we need leadership talent with deep experience building products and services from concept to completion for other leading technology companies.” Prior to joining JW Player, Calamera served as CTO of Vonage, where he was responsible for leading the company's technology vision, architecture and design, as well as all aspects of technology development and operations, including new products, enabling technologies and R&D. As the CTO of Thumbplay—a critically acclaimed cloud-based music service— Calamera guided the company from startup to its acquisition by digital and terrestrial radio-giant Clear Channel. He was later named Clear Channel CTO, overseeing all technology initiatives related to iHeartRadio. As Director of Engineering at Apple, he helped grow the .Mac service and subsequent launch and expansion of MobileMe, a global consumer service for iPhone, iPod Touch, AppleTV, OSX and Windows. "As the original video tech innovator, JW Player changed how the world watched video and connected online,” said Calamera. “Today, that innovation continues to thrive as JW Player expands its business model from video player into more complex data service capabilities. It’s an extremely exciting time to be in the video space and there isn’t a better company to be joining than JW Player.” JW Player’s strong growth has pushed its overall client base past 20,000 including enterprise customers such as Univision, Hearst, Red Bull, VICE Media and Bell Media. The company’s video player footprint now spans 193 countries and its technology is live on more than 2 million sites with over 1.3 billion monthly unique viewers across all devices. About JW Player JW Player is the world’s largest network-independent video platform. Founded in 2008 as the first open source video player, today JW Player’s customers span the globe across 193 countries, and range from Fortune 500 companies to video-centric small businesses. The company’s flagship product, JW Player, is live on more than 2 million sites with over 1.3 billion monthly unique viewers across all devices — OTT, mobile and desktop. In addition to the player, the company’s services include advertising, analytics, data services, video hosting and streaming. For more information, see http://www.jwplayer.com. Media Contact Tim Gray Director of Communications & Public Relations tim(at)jwplayer(dot)com (917) 202-9515 For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/06/prweb14383653.htm Latest News Restorer of Streets to Live In: Homelessness in the Age of Trump Republic Business Credit Provides $5.0 Million Facility to Texas Based Workforce Services Provider May IVANS Index Shows Positive Results JW Player Appoints Pablo Calamera Chief Technology Officer Control System Integrator Huffman Engineering Celebrates 30 Year Anniversary Presagia Sports and PRIVIT Have Partnered to Improve the Management of Athlete Health Data International Recording Artist Lariss Set to Unveil US Debut Single “Dale Papi” Featuring Hip-Hop Artist K7 Oldcastle SurePods Working with Marriott Hotel Developers to Speed Hotel Construction via Modular Construction ClearSky Announces the First Deployment of FORTÉ, a Multi-operator, In-building Cellular Coverage Solution for Mid-sized Properties Canonsburg Hospital Hosts First-Ever Child Safety Day Event © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Insider Picks BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 This off-brand MacBook charger is a lot cheaper than Apple's and slightly more powerful Brandt Ranj, Insider Picks Jun. 1, 2017, 10:45 AM 5,811 facebook linkedin twitter email print The Insider Picks team writes about stuff we think you'll like. Business Insider has affiliate partnerships, so we get a share of the revenue from your purchase. Amazon I've written about USB-C before; it's the next standard cable type that every major tech company is beginning to adopt. This new connector has many benefits: It's small, reversible, and has the same physical shape as the one found on Thunderbolt 3 cables. Although having a single-cable future will eventually make life way more convenient, there are growing pains. Thankfully, Anker's new power charger can help ease some of them. Unlike previous versions of USB, USB-C is capable of powering larger electronics, like laptops. It's the only way to charge Apple's latest MacBook and MacBook Pro; and through a special cable, it's the fastest way to charge the iPad Pro. Apple sells official power chargers for the MacBook and MacBook Pro, but both of them are pretty expensive. I bought one to quickly charge my iPad Pro, and the difference is very noticeable. Anker's USB-C PD (Power Delivery) charger is actually a little faster than the one Apple ships with the MacBook, and the company sent one over for me to try.  I don't own a USB-C-equipped MacBook yet, but my teammate Rich does, and he used Anker's charger instead of the one that came with his 13" MacBook Pro. It charged the laptop without any problems, even when the computer was being used. I tested it against Apple's official MacBook charger using my iPad Pro and the results were identical. Both chargers charged the device 46% in one hour. Apple's charger outputs at 29 watts and Anker's at 30 watts, so the results make sense, but it's good to see that both can charge consistently.  Where Anker's charger wins is in price. It's $18 cheaper than the one Apple sells with its MacBook, while being slightly more powerful. Apple's MacBook Pro charger is 87 Watts, but Anker's was still able to hold its own during regular use.  As more devices — be they computers, headphones, phones, or tablets — adopt USB-C, you're going to need a quick way to charge them. If you're running into this problem already, Anker's latest wall charger is a good solution. Anker USB Type-C with Power Delivery 30W USB Wall Charger, $27.99, Available At Amazon If you want to see more from Insider Picks, we're collecting emails for an upcoming newsletter. You'll be the first to hear about the stuff we cover. Click here to sign up . Disclosure: This post is brought to you by Business Insider's Insider Picks team. We aim to highlight products and services you might find interesting, and if you buy them, we get a small share of the revenue from the sale from our commerce partners. We frequently receive products free of charge from manufacturers to test. This does not drive our decision as to whether or not a product is featured or recommended. We operate independently from our advertising sales team. We welcome your feedback. Have something you think we should know about? Email us at insiderpicks@businessinsider.com. Read the original article on Insider Picks. Copyright 2017. Follow Insider Picks on Twitter. More from Insider Picks: SEE ALSO: 20 must-have tech accessories under $20 More: Insider Picks 2017 Tech MacBook facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru This off-brand MacBook charger is a lot cheaper than Apple's and slightly more powerful This off-brand MacBook charger is a lot cheaper than Apple's and slightly more powerful The Insider Picks team writes about stuff we... Your Editor (online now) Breton Fischetti × From Body Thank you for your input. Close Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured HENRY BLODGET: This chart explains everything that's wrong with the economy today More "The Bottom Line" » First job, first car, first apartment: The smartest things to do with your money in your 20s More "Life Plan" » Insider Picks Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Apple says payouts from App Store total $70 bn By Afp Published: 10:43 EDT, 1 June 2017 | Updated: 10:43 EDT, 1 June 2017 e-mail The Apple logo at a store in the central business district of Sydney. Apple holds its Worldwide Developers Conference next week in California Apple said Thursday it has paid out more than $70 billion to app developers since opening its App Store in 2008, and that the ecosystem is still growing. "People everywhere love apps and our customers are downloading them in record numbers," said Philip Schiller, Apple's senior vice president of marketing, in a statement ahead of next week's annual developer conference by the iPhone maker. "Seventy billion dollars earned by developers is simply mind-blowing. We are amazed at all of the great new apps our developers create and can't wait to see them again next week at our Worldwide Developers Conference." Apple said downloads have grown over 70 percent over the past 12 months, fueled by hit games like Pokemon Go and Super Mario Run. Apple, which faces a growing challenge in the mobile space from the dominant Google Android system, has been tweaking its business model as part of an effort to keep developers in its ecosystem. In addition to payment for downloads, Apple allows developers to use a subscription model across all 25 app categories. The company said active paid subscriptions are up 58 percent year over year. "Customers are enjoying subscriptions across a wide variety of services including longtime favorites such as Netflix and Hulu, as well as newcomers like Tastemade, the modern, mobile-first cooking network, and photo editing apps like Over and Enlight," an Apple statement said. Apple has more than two million paid and free apps for the iPhone, iPad and other devices. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'Look at what Amanda ISN'T wearing!' Braless Holden causes a stir in a VERY low cut gown on BGT... as viewers blast star for 'dressing like a stripper' on family show 'He's a lucky guy!' Lucy Mecklenburgh poses NAKED in Panama hotel... as eagle-eyed fans notice she's staying in same room as Ryan Thomas No one's looking at your mouth! Kylie Jenner poses in black bra and undies while sprawled out on a white bed to promote new Lip Kit What happened to her face? Khloe Kardashian shows off much bigger nose as she poses without the contouring makeup she relies on Make-up free  Has Coronation Street gone too far? Fans left 'physically sick' by Bethany Platt's gang rape scene as they report grooming storyline to Ofcom 14 reasons a staycation is better than going abroad SPONSORED  Ashley Graham exposes ample cleavage and a flash of her waist while grabbing lunch in olive green off-the-shoulder ensemble in Los Angeles FIRST LOOK: Is this where the magic will happen? Love Island villa is revealed as new line-up hope to find romance... after THAT 2016 bedroom romp . 'I'm really p***ed off!' BGT fans are left outraged as Welsh choir change the lyrics of Jerusalem to sing 'Britain' instead of 'England' Pierce Brosnan and wife of 16 years Keely Shaye Smith look tanned and relaxed as they jet out of LAX after romantic holiday in Hawaii Back in her skinny jeans! Make-up free Irina Shayk shows off her slim figure as she steps out with baby Lea after jetting back from Cannes MerseyGirls make the BGT finals after teen with scoliosis left Alesha Dixon in tears with routine... as it's revealed she needs £78,000 to fix her spine  Heidi Klum, 43, hits the beach with shirtless beau Vito Schnabel, 30, in Mykonos... after revealing she has 'no problem with nudity' Beach break 'She started three families with three different people and f*****everyone over!' Kim Kardashian slams Caitlyn Jenner's book for 'scapegoating' Kris She's got some front! Mariah Carey flashes cleavage as she dons thigh-skimming bodycon dress and black crop top for meeting in Beverly Hills 'Never even heard of her': Rob Kardashian denies dating reality star Mehgan James following Blac Chyna split Sandra Bullock gives her son Louis an affectionate pat while strolling in Los Angeles Was in a very playful mood on Thursday Going hell for leather! Ashley Benson and Hailee Steinfeld coordinate in skirts and heels for sunglass launch in West Hollywood 'Follow Gregg cuz he doesn't post': Bella Thorne urges fans to check out her rekindled boyfriend Sulkin on Snapchat Well she is Beyonce's mum! Tina Knowles, 63, shows off her fit figure in skintight Ivy Park workout gear Showed off her amazing figure So in love! Zoe Saldana looks chic as she cuddles up to husband Marco Perego at benefit for the Navy SEAL Foundation Pregnant Cara De La Hoyde cradles her blossoming baby bump at fashion party... after revealing she's been body shamed for being 'too small' 'Love has no barriers': Celine Dion leads celebrities including Britney Spears and Selena Gomez in penning Pride letters Not impressed? Hailey Baldwin looks underwhelmed as she leaves posh Beverly Hills hotel in casual biker jacket Looking chic in blue PICTURED: Blushing bride Emmy Rossum stuns in custom Carolina Herrera gown as she marries Sam Esmail in New York Wedding bells Grace yourself! Big Brother's VERY busty Lateysha steals the spotlight as she flaunts her ample curves in semi-sheer gold jumpsuit for launch She's at it again! Edgy Kelly Osbourne debuts shimmery Mohawk braid hairstyle at Daytime Divas premiere She's always embraced her sense of style Star walks! Slim Natalie Portman looks full of spring cheer as she goes for a stroll with baby daughter in LA Flashed a huge smile as she enjoyed the sun Maggie Gyllenhaal stuns in flattering floral gown at shop opening in New York She is getting set to play a sex worker in new drama PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Taste of the high life! Taylor Swift and Joe Alwyn are seen together for first time as she treats little known actor beau to private jet ride  Renee Zellweger wows in cleavage-baring little black dress as she's honored at Greenwich International Film Festival gala Belle of the ball 'It's actually pretty scary': Danay Garcia discusses fate of her character Luciana on Fear The Walking Dead Survived the season two finale Robbie Williams is 'in talks to join Take That for a very special reunion' at Ariana Grande's star-studded One Love Manchester Benefit concert 'It's a joint celebration': Proud dad Ronnie Wood marks his 70th birthday in style as he poses with his two biggest fans Twin girls marked their first birthday Cristiano Ronaldo's girlfriend Georgina Rodriguez steps out in figure-hugging grey dress in Corsica... after his mother rubbishes pregnancy rumours Hold my hand mommy! Kourtney Kardashian steps out with Penelope for a day of shopping in Beverly Hills  Mother-of-three  Kesha shows her country side in a denim shirt and red bandana as she jets out of LAX with boyfriend Brad Looked besotted with her beau of three years Diva moment! Bethenny Frankel gestures wildly in frustration on set of her new reality show in NYC She's known for her emotional outbursts Top of the crops! Iggy Azalea flashes her tiny midriff in unusual cropped tracksuit as she signs autographs and poses with fans at LAX airport Khloe Kardashian puts her derriere on full display in skintight blue denim as she runs errands in Beverly Hills Made In Chelsea beauty Stephanie Pratt shows off her leggy figure in sequinned gold top and tiny cowboy-inspired shorts for beauty event EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Game, set, match! Tennis ace Caroline Wozniacki enjoys a romantic day off from French Open with beau David Lee  Captain Ross, who? Demelza's dishy brother sets pulses racing as he goes shirtless in steamy trailer for Poldark after Aidan Turner admitted he won't be stripping off Hilary Swank cosies up to boyfriend Philip Schneider as she joins Robert Downey Jr and wife at Emmy Rossum and Sam Esmail's star-studded wedding  Rebel Wilson's U.S. agent was baffled by lull in Hollywood star's career and expected her to get multimillion dollar offers after success of Pitch Perfect movie 'I didn't drink for three years': Phil Collins has started enjoying 'a couple of glasses of wine again'... despite admitting alcohol almost killed him 'I have no idea when it's coming out': Iggy Azalea slams record label for delaying album release date in now-deleted Snapchat rant Nailed it! Karrueche Tran and Christina Milian look smoking hot for the Hollywood premiere of Claws The Claws were out in Hollywood Penelope gives us the plain truth: Actress says she not that glamorous as she talks about Murder On The Orient Express  Mysterious missionary Mellow yellow! Anne Hathaway looks slim in a vibrant top while out in New York City Taking to the streets of SoHo The Wright strut! TOWIE's Jess and Mark Wright's sister Natalya, 16, is snapped up by top modelling agency as she eyes up a career on the catwalk From Paris with love! Sofia Richie and bestie Chloe Bartoli lunch in New York after their saucy trip to Cannes with Scott Disick Out and about Leggy look! Keri Russell dons sexy black leather mini skirt as she joins Matthew Rhys at Americans LA event Besotted in real life  Cheery Chelsy Davy parties up a storm in London... weeks after ex Prince Harry attends Pippa Middleton's wedding with girlfriend Meghan Markle They're a perfect match! Genetically-blessed Margot Robbie and husband Tom Ackerley don cute co-ordinating pineapple outfits Who's your papa? Fabio to star as the Pope in Sharknado 5 as list of celebrity cameos are revealed Interesting casting 'This is your chance': Sarah Silverman reveals reaching out to Ivanka Trump via Twitter on Chelsea talk show 46-year-old comedian  'What would you do?' Khloe Kardashian cryptically asks followers for advice about an unnamed 'friend' who is 'stealing' from the reality starlet Keeping it casual: Modern Family star Ariel Winter, 19, dons baggy gray sweatpants and dark t-shirt for stroll with beau Levi Meaden, 29 Casual Strictly's Danny goes to town in Regent's Park: QUENTIN LETTS watches Bernstein with balletic gusto in On The Town  Who needs down time? Athletic newlyweds Pippa and James squeeze in a jog around Sydney Opera House as their action-packed honeymoon continues  Why Elaine is turning a new Paige: First lady of musicals explains why she's hanging up her dancing shoes... but isn't retiring  The Doll's House door swings open again for Nora: Show's star Laurie Metcalf tells how she relished reinventing one of theatre's most famous characters  Scarlet fever! Gigi Hadid rocks red dipped hair in powerful new Versace ad campaign Multi-coloured locks Checkmate! Rachel Weisz shows off her fashion prowess as she steps out in summery gingham shirt dress in New York Glam in gingham 'Kiss for Daddy': David Beckham enjoys some quality time with children Harper and Brooklyn on African holiday Family fun  Shorely he's kicking himself! Emma McVey flaunts her toned abs and peachy posterior in TINY pink bikini as she shows ex Gaz Beadle what he's missing We let our mother down... we couldn't protect her, say William and Harry: Princes make emotional admission in interview about Diana's death Kathy Griffin claims she is a victim of 'bullying' at  the hands of the Trump family as she prepares to hold a press conference to explain THAT photo shoot 'Brand new experience': will.i.am reveals Fergie is leaving The Black Eyed Peas and that Nicole Scherzinger is on the band's new venture 'You'll never EVER break the Westbrook': Defiant Danniella admits that despite 'car crash life' and being 'raped and cheated on' she will have a better future Tat's the spirit! Malin Ackerman reveals her stylish back tattoo while lunching in flirty halter top and high-waisted jeans Inked up Melissa McCarthy dons chic checkered shawl as she enjoys Disneyland outing with her husband and daughters Check her out Her own best advert! Kendall Jenner puts on leggy display in off-the-shoulder romper over bodysuit from her clothing range while out in LA Charmed by a boy called Courgette: New French flick My Life As A Courgette is a touching but troubling animation BRIAN VINER Dev Patel's girlfriend actress Tilda Cobham-Hervey attends glamorous Australians In Film dinner in LA as she compets cholarship Wham bam, thank you ma'am! Wonder Woman packs a punch - and a punchline - in her long-awaited, big-screen debut New adaptation EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: Let's hope morose-looking Dragons' Den star Duncan Bannatyne, 68, is destined for happiness as he prepares for wedding Selena Gomez is 'head-over-heels in love' with beau The Weeknd and this relationship is 'very different' from the one she had with Justin Bieber Former TOWIE star Jasmin Walia looks every inch the sex-kitten in plunging PVC mini-dress and perspex heels as she continues wild Ibiza getaway Was BGT illusionist Josephine Lee assisted by a TWIN? David Walliams' 'sisters are doing it for themselves' remark sparks a conspiracy theory  'No one else should decide when you've had enough pain': Cally Jane Beech claims 'prisoners have more rights' than women... after having to demand epidural Penny Lancaster, 46, shows off her model figure in a plunging bikini and kaftan while hand in hand with husband Rod Stewart, 72, and son Aiden in St Tropez Peek-a-boo! Vanessa Hudgens appears shy as she dons demure athletic attire on outing with boyfriend Austin Butler Making sweet music together: Gwen Stefani and Blake Shelton head to a recording studio together in LA Working on something new? Calling on Saul? Tough guy fixer Mike seems ready to work for Gus in new Better Call Saul trailer... as sleazy lawyer's money woes worsen Caitlyn Jenner keeps it comfortable in blue long-sleeved top and jeans while grabbing coffee in Malibu... amid family feud over her tell-all memoir Twice as nice! Cat Deeley stuns in a ladylike white frock for interview... before emerging in grey slip and suede jacket Elegant SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Fish out of water! Rod's quirky girls  Sir Rod's Stewart's model daughters Sun's out, guns out! Wonder Woman star Chris Pine flaunts his buff biceps in Miami Vice tank top as he grabs an iced coffee in NYC 100% Cotton? Fearne makes embarrassing fashion faux pas as she arrives at studios with tag still attached to her dress Fast fashion What will Gregg say! Bella Thorne goes TOPLESS on Snapchat before deleting raunchy video... after reuniting with ex Sulkin following Scott Disick 'humiliation' Blooming beautiful! Transgender model Andreja Pejic dons floral blouse for casual summer stroll around New York City Stepping out in style PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Pregnant Danielle Lloyd defiantly shows off her baby bump in Dubai... after slamming trolls who claimed she looks like 'washed up whale' Footsore? Brooke Shields ditches her heels for flip flops and simple sundress as she shops till she drops in New York City Classic look Smooth landing! Fresh-faced Margot Robbie is spotted arriving at LAX airport in a stylish top and jeans after jetting in from London Glamorous Showing it off at the beach! Joanna Krupa's nipple peeks through her shredded white top as she splashes around in Malibu Daring to bare 'It's hard when you miss big milestones': Andy Murray reveals it was 'tough' being on tour when baby Sophia took her first steps... as wife Kim cheers him on Doesn't he know how to drive? Kim Kardashian's best friend Jonathan Cheban is chauffeured to his favourite Hollywood hot spot agian Made In Ibiza! Bikini-clad Georgia Toffolo leads Chelsea new girls Ella, Mimi and Daisy as they frolic by the pool to film forthcoming summer series of MIC Tatt's nice! Male supermodel Jordan Barrett gets inked in Barcelona after hanging out with Lara Stone and Bella Hadid in Cannes Under the needle 'It's a comedian's job to cross the line': Jim Carrey comes to Kathy Griffin's defense after bloody Trump head photo causes outrage Show of support Drug, girls and shepherd's pie! As the Rolling Stones, combined age of 292, go on tour AGAIN, we reveal untold stories from 55 years on road Taking a chance on her! Amanda Seyfried set to reprise her leading role in Mamma Mia! sequel due out in 2018 Back again 'There are such a**holes out there': Chloe Lattanzi QUITS Instagram after being slammed for sharing selfies while mother Olivia battles cancer Her own best ad! Reese Witherspoon steps out toting a chic and stylish $165 straw purse from her line Draper James Beaming 'They are talking again and it may lead to something in the future': Exes Lydia Bright and James Argent are 'back in touch'... after both quitting TOWIE Geri Horner rocks a casual baseball cap and white bomber jacket as she takes a relaxing stroll with baby son Monty and a female friend NSFW: Playboy vet Kendra Wilkinson lets a Las Vegas dancer climb on her during male revue show... even though she's married with kids Salma Hayek stuns in a black dress with sheer detailing as she cosies up to husband François-Henri Pinault at Beatriz At Dinner screening in London Marilyn Monroe's Los Angeles home, where the Some Like It Hot actress overdosed in 1962, sells over the $6.9m asking price for $7.25m Little Mix will join Robbie Williams, Black Eyed Peas, Katy Perry and Justin Bieber at Ariana Grande's star-studded One Love Manchester Benefit  All over tan! Caroline Flack joins a female friend for a TOPLESS dip in the pool ahead of the launch of the new season of Love Island in Mallorca Wild thing! Jaime Winstone puts on a colourful display in leopard-print jacket and red patent trousers as she attends Perfect Ten Exhibition Back on her feet! Daisy Lowe almost flashes her underwear in striped mini skirt in Primrose Hill... after recovering from embarrassing tumble Major multi-tasking! Zoe Saldana pulls a Gisele Bundchen by sharing photo where she's getting glammed while holding baby and cell phone 'Girls just wanna have SUN': Tanned and toned Vicky Pattison flaunts her assets in a pink bikini as she thrills fans in another sexy holiday snap 'I asked her some dumb questions': Elisabeth Moss reveals she exhausted The Handmaid's Tale author for information about her role in drama The Doll's House door swings open again for Nora: Show's star Laurie Metcalf tells how she relished reinventing one of theatre's most famous characters  Making a monkey out of modern art: The Square is an unworthy winner of the Palme d'Or, writes BRIAN VINER Mistake Worse for wear Nikki Sanderson puts on a busty display in skimpy black vest and tiny shorts as she enjoys boozy night out with beau Greg in Ibiza  Defiant Rihanna flashes sideboob in a revealing white dress... after she was fat-shamed by sports writer who said she looked like she was 'in a sumo suit' Ronnie Wood celebrates his 70th with wife Sally, 39, and twin daughters... as he reveals neck scar after keyhole surgery for a small lesion on his lung Former TOWIE star Pascal Craymer shows off her toned figure in a floral string bikini as she takes a trip to the beach in Marbella Making a splash Heidi Montag says Lauren Conrad has NOT reached out to her even though they are both pregnant at same time... but Audrina and Kristin have Chris Cornell's widow is waiting for toxicology results to clear up 'unanswered questions' about his suicide and believes prescription drugs were the cause Brad Pitt is spotted treating the late Soundgarden singer Chris Cornell's children to hot chocolate at Universal Studios Hollywood Pregnant Kimberly Wyatt shows off her burgeoning baby bump in a playsuit as she takes to the stage at the Hay Festival Glowing 'First time and the last time we were together': Chris Cornell's brother Peter breaks his silence on the rocker's death by posting touching tribute Ttagic singer' Rochelle Humes catches the eye in stylish minidress... as husband Marvin hits the gym after she praises Zac Efron's incredible physique on Lorraine   Thrill ride! Moustachioed Johnny Depp appears alongside Daisy Ridley in suspense packed trailer for Murder On The Orient Express Couple Goals! Chloe Goodman cosies up to footballer boyfriend Jordan Clarke as they confirm reconciliation rumours with romantic holiday  Julia Roberts' upcoming TV series Today Will Be Different picked up by HBO Based on the book of the same name from author Maria Semple On the mend? Gwyneth Paltrow tries to get back in her stride as she steps out in Los Angeles... despite her injured foot still requiring a medical boot  Pretty in prints! Vanessa Hudgens is a happy shopper in cute maxi dress alongside boyfriend of six years Austin Butler Fun in the sun Fab in florals! Isla Fisher is radiant in springtime ensemble as she joins Denis Leary and John Hodgman on a panel at BookExpo 2017 in New York Poldark star Eleanor Tomlinson ties her famous red locks in a bun and wears a boho floral shirt as fans gear up for the third series of the costume drama 'I would have been a lousy father!' Steve Martin, 71, reveals why it is important he became a dad later in life Late bloomer Johnny Depp 'had no idea managers used his assets to total $40m in debt to cover up mishandling his money matters' Actor's former team Heavenly! Victoria's Secret model Romee Strijd gives a peek at toned tum in tie-up shirt over crop top on New York stroll with beau Abs-olutely gorgeous Ahoy, matey! Supermodel Karlie Kloss shoots a cover girl look while walking in NYC with snazzy sailor-inspired slacks Every bit the supermodel 'I feel less womanly': Loose Women's Andrea McLean, 47, reveals she also suffers from hair loss following co-star Nadia Sawalha's balding revelation Debbie Reynolds and Carrie Fisher's Beverly Hills estate is being sold for $18m as belongings - including movie memorabilia- are auctionned David Beckham, Gary Lineker and Ant and Dec lose their bid to overturn a £700million tax bill after investing in controversial film schemes Luke at you! Gary Lucy, 35, looks ageless as he appears on Hollyoaks set for first time in 15 YEARS to reprise role on Lucas Morgan 'I still look good a little squishier': Bikini-clad Ashley James showcases her enviable curves as she tells her followers 'life is for living' in heartfelt post Prince Harry's former flame Chelsy Davy says launching a jewellery line brought out her 'inner geek' as she models her own designs in stunning photoshoot  Movie based on Bill O'Reilly's bestselling book 'Killing Patton' has been scrapped by Fox's National Geographic Network Axed project 'It's the best surprise you can have!' Pregnant Serena Williams confirms she does NOT know the gender of her child... after sister Venus called baby 'she' Fans go WILD as pregnant Beyonce is officially announced as headliner at Coachella 2018... after withdrawing from this year's festival amid baby news Stephanie Davis sparks concern among fans as she pens 'so long guys' alongside snap with son... amid rumours of a family feud over baby's surname Annabelle Wallis is the picture of class in billowing floral maxi dress as she promotes The Mummy with co-star Sofia Boutella at the AOL Build Series Leggy Imogen Thomas slips her enviable figure into skimpy black shorts as she treats herself to an ice lolly on her way to the shops Former Miss Wales Coronation Street viewers shocked as grooming story takes another sickening turn when Bethany Platt discovers underage girl being sold for sex Fatboy Slim is on fine form as he takes to the decks weeks after cutting a gaunt figure... as family rallies around ex Zoe Ball in the wake of boyfriend's death Justin Bieber posts 24 BIZARRE photos within an hour... including that photo of him fighting man twice his size and his head photoshopped onto a woman's body Making a splash! Kelly Ripa dons paper crown and patterned midi dress as she and Ryan Seacrest spray hoses in Live gag Hosing off Beverly Hills, 90210 co-stars Tori Spelling and Ian Ziering reunite for the launch of his wife's brand new mommy blog Together again Nicole Kidman, 49, says she's 'thrilled' to be playing the MOTHER of Jason Momoa, 37, in Aquaman... even though she's only 12 years older than him 'I was moved by what a decent person Brad Pitt was': Meg Tilly, 57, talks 'generous' War Machine co-star as she returns to acting after 18 YEAR break Salma Hayek shows off her toned arms in a dark midi dress with unusual cut-out shoulder panels at the Sundance Film Festival: London Marcus Welby, MD nurse Elena Verdugo dies at age 92 after a long Hollywood career that included starring in House Of Frankenstein Split! Workaholics actor Blake Anderson and wife Rachael Finley are set to divorce after five years of marriage and one child named Mars 'Normal is boring': Christina El Moussa's daughter Taylor wears statement shirt... after months of family drama between mom and dad Family drama EOTB star ZaraLena Jackson puts on an eye-popping display in plunging trouser suit as she joins Take Me Out's Emily Longden at beauty bash in Manchester Margot Robbie shows off her enviable pins in tight-fitting leather trousers as she jets out of London... after putting on leggy display in pinafore dress While the Katie's away...! Solo Jamie Foxx showcases his '$2m' customised Bugatti Veyron... as relationship with Holmes 'goes from strength to strength' Made In Chelsea's Olivia Bentley shows off her enviable abs and toned pins in skimpy yellow bikini as she enjoys sun-filled getaway Battle of the CBB babes! Katie Price set to go head-to-head with Bianca Gascoigne in charity boxing match Bianca, 30, has always been hot on her heels Priyanka Chopra posts SELFIES from Berlin's Holocaust memorial before deleting them  Former Miss World Priyanka was in Berlin, promoting her new film Come and get it while it's hot! Ali Larter beams in a simple yet chic dress as she feasts on fancy fried chicken at event  Chowing down 'I'm sorry... everything works out in the end': Geri Horner apologises to her fans for quitting the Spice Girls, 19 years after she dramatically left the girl group Hats off to her! Jessica Chastain handles her own extensive luggage as she touches down in Milan in a trendy fedora after Cannes Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Mobile Image Source: Benjamin Geskin Here’s a gorgeous iPhone 8 concept that Apple could never make Chris Smith @chris_writes June 1st, 2017 at 10:18 AM Share Tweet The iPhone 8 continues to be one of the hottest topics in the tech world, and today we’ve got another interesting concept to look at, one that proposes an amazing design. But sadly, it’s probably this new concept iPhone 8 features a design that Apple will likely never actually make. Don't Miss: Aerospace exec says aliens not only exist, they’re living on Earth right now Concocted by designer David Chapman as the “iPhone Pro,” this iPhone 8 device looks very much like an iPhone 7. If it were not for the all-screen design and the rear camera, you might think this is indeed an iPhone 7 variation. And that’s precisely what makes this iPhone 8 concept unlikely. Does this make you want the White-Silver model?#iPhonePro / #iPhone8 Concept pic.twitter.com/1Z7d2dKdJR — David Chapman (@DaveChap) May 31, 2017 Sure, Apple will adopt an all-screen design for the iPhone 8, and eliminate the physical home button in the process. And sure, the phone will have a vertical dual camera on the back. But what Chapman gets wrong here based on the many iPhone 8 rumors and leaks from reputable sources, is the phone’s rear design. The iPhone 8 is expected to support wireless charging, a first for Apple. That means the phone’s shell can’t be made out of metal. All reports do say the phone will feature a glass sandwich design consisting of a stainless steel chassis that houses all the internal components, sandwiched between two sheets of 2.5D glass. After seeing tons of #iPhone8 #iPhonePro mockups, I decided to make one that maintains Ive’s desire for symmetry. pic.twitter.com/oE2JiHByJt — David Chapman (@DaveChap) May 31, 2017 With metal out of the picture, those hideous antenna bands will also disappear, and they’re likely to be replaced with tiny antenna bands on the edges, similar to what Apple did with the iPhone 4 and iPhone 5 — those iPhones also had a glass sandwich design. There are other details in Chapman’s designs that do not jibe with more recent rumors. The camera flash should be placed between the two rear cameras, the power button should be slightly longer, and the front-facing camera and sensors should “protrude” into the top side of the display. At least there’s no fingerprint sensor on the back, though. As for the screen design Chapman imagines, we’re looking at a display that resembles the LG G6 and the Galaxy S8, although the top and bottom bezels appear to be even smaller. Tags: Apple, iPhone 8 View Comments Trending 1 Tech Samsung’s about to launch a new version of the Galaxy S8 2 Tech How the iPhone 8 will look next to the iPhone 7, the Google Pixel and other top phones 3 Science Aerospace exec says aliens not only exist, they’re living on Earth right now 4 Science Scientists just destroyed our dreams of a real Jurassic Park 5 Deals Amazon’s 15 best deals: Four different Bose wireless speakers, best-selling drone, Beats Solo3, more Picked For You Samsung’s about to launch a new version of the Galaxy S8 By Chris Smith 14 hours ago This is looking more and more like the iPhone 8’s final design By Chris Smith 2 days ago How the iPhone 8 will look next to the iPhone 7, the Google Pixel and other top phones By Yoni Heisler 13 hours ago Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
News London Crime London Mayor Politics Transport Business Comment Londoner's Diary Election 2017 Football Arsenal Chelsea Crystal Palace Tottenham Watford West Ham Other sport Going Out Restaurants Pubs & Bars Arts Theatre Film Music Great Days Out Events & Attractions Lifestyle Fashion ES Best Food & Drink Beauty Health & Fitness Travel Design ES Magazine The Agenda Showbiz Staying In Strictly Come Dancing The X Factor Homes & Property Property News Area Guides Home & Garden Luxury Food Month Sign in Register Benefits User policies News London Crime Politics Transport Education Health Technology Mayor of London Comment Londoner's Diary Football Arsenal Chelsea Tottenham Hotspur Crystal Palace Watford West Ham Transfer News Premier League Championship Sport The FA Cup Final Rugby Union Tennis Cricket Showbiz Strictly Come Dancing The X Factor One Direction Taylor Swift Kim Kardashian Top Gear Going Out London Food Month Restaurants Bars, Pubs & Clubs Arts Theatre Film Music Comedy Events & Attractions Great Days Out Tickets Staying In TV and film Tech and Gaming Music Streaming Books Puzzles & Games Crosswords Competitions Lifestyle Fashion Food & Drink Beauty Health & Fitness Travel Design ES Magazine Dating The Agenda Motors Shopping ES Best ES Shop Travel Offers Business & Money Money Transfers Business Directory Health insurance Homes & Property Property news Area guides Home & garden Luxury Follow us: Lifestyle London Life WWDC 2017: meet London’s iOS developers heading to Apple’s Worldwide Developers Conference The capital’s best and brightest offer their predictions for Californian tech-fest Ben Travis Thursday 1 June 2017 16:28 BST Click to follow ES Lifestyle Bright sparks: London's best iOS developers are venturing to San Jose for Apple's WWDC 2017 An Apple event is a highly anticipated, high-octane ceremony. There are big names to match the big announcements, and choreographed big reveals will travel around the world in minutes, as the reverent acolytes reach for their iPhone 7s to share the news.  The next hot ticket for Apple insiders? Getting a front-row seat at WWDC 2017, the Worldwide Developer’s Conference, where Apple will unveil software updates, and possibly shiny new gadgetry. It runs for five days next week, starting on Monday, in San Jose, California, and draws a global crowd. The capital’s tech sector will be well represented: a raft of developers is poised to make the flight to the west coast, and then run with whatever CEO Tim Cook dreams up next.  Watch a sneak peek of Apple's Campus 2 building in California Meet the capital’s coders who are California-bound in search of Silicon Valley’s next big thing. The trusted advisor (Matt Writtle) Gabriela Pittari, Rungway  Venezuelan-born developer Gabriela Pittari now works in Camden (“London is the best city for technology”) and is heading to WWDC for the first time — she’ll celebrate her 29th birthday there. Pittari is lead iOS developer for mentoring app Rungway, which lets users ask for advice on personal and professional issues, for example: “Any tips on how to balance the amount of communication with my manager?” She’s there to improve. “Rungway works perfectly,” she says. “But the input of the conference will make the user interface better.”  Read more WhatsApp adds bold, italic, and strikethrough text options She’s hoping to hear about new features within Apple’s coding language, Swift, which Rungway and most other apps use. “The hardware is cool to have but my day-to-day is with the operating system and the instruments Apple gives coders.” Birthday wish: A selfie with design deity Jony Ive. “If I get to meet him, I’ll hug him. If I got a picture, it’s going on my Instagram for sure.” The master mind (Matt Writtle) Miguel Angel Quinones, Peak After two failed attempts it was third time lucky for Quiñones, aged 33, in the WWDC ticket lottery. He’s heading out with brain-training app Peak, which has its HQ in Holborn. He finds London’s tech scene more lively than the “quite small” iOS community in Warsaw, where he worked for five years after growing up in Barcelona.  His tip for this year’s conference is a potential augmented reality update. “Apple could build tools for developers to build first-class AR apps,” he says. “At Peak we’re reactive. We always look at what the trend is and see how we can adapt it to our app.” Apple hero: Swift creator Chris Lattner. “To introduce a new primary language overnight and prompt people to go and use it was a big feat.” The fast developer (Matt Writtle) Martin Hartt, Student at King’s College London  Hartt is just 20 years old but he’s already making an impact. After spending his youth playing Jak and Daxter on PS2, he became interested in game creation and started making his apps. Now a student at King’s College, he’s heading to WWDC for the second year in a row after winning Apple’s WWDC scholarship. There he’ll be launching Waowi, an app he’s developed with his brother Rudy, a network that encourages conversation with strangers, inviting users to record a voice note and chat live. WWDC highlight: His selfie with Apple CEO Tim Cook last year. (Martin Hartt) “He stood there for an hour surrounded by teenagers trying to take selfies and seems  like a great guy.” The speed demon (Matt Writtle) Shaun Rutland, Hutch After launching game Smash Cops five years ago the Hutch team has grown from four staff to 60.  Rutland, 42, is heading to “Dub Dub Dee Cee” (as he calls it) to show off latest game Race Kings, a car-based title he describes as “the most complex game we’ve ever done”.  His highlight of last year’s WWDC was seeing Craig Federighi (Apple’s senior VP of software engineering) mingling with attendees. “He was approachable,” Rutland recalls. “That sort of openness and accessibility is cool.” WWDC target: New hardware announcements. “It’s exciting for us to see if we can get our software to utilise the latest hardware. Apple are very pro high-end 3D games.” 10 years of Apple's iPhone 7 show all 10 years of Apple's iPhone 1/7 Unveiled Steve Jobs with the first iPhone AFP/Getty Images 2/7 iPhone The original iPhone Screen size 3.5in, rear camera 2 megapixel PA 3/7 iPhone 3G Screen size 3.5in, rear camera 2 megapixel AFP/Getty Images 4/7 iPhone 4 Screen size 3.5in, rear camera 5 megapixel Getty Images 5/7 iPhone 5 Screen size 4in, rear camera 8 megapixel Getty Images 6/7 iPhone 6 Screen size 4.7in, rear camera 8 megapixel Getty Images 7/7 iPhone 7 Screen size 4.7in, rear camera 12 megapixel PA The multi-tasker (Matt Writtle) Rob Elkin, Busuu Elkin, aged 32, is off to San Jose with language-learning app Busuu, where he’s hoping to hear announcements about the Apple Watch and AI that will impact his Old Street-based company. But he’s not going just for WWDC — he helped co-found AltConf, a free alternative conference next door, which caters to the overspill of developers unable to get WWDC passes.  “It started as a co-working space with a lunchtime talk. In 2013 it ramped up and became a fully-fledged conference,” he says. There’s a lot of chatter about the “cult of Apple”, though Elkin praises the company for becoming less, well, culty in recent years. “They’re able to engage a lot more, and they listen to feedback from medium to large companies.” Most treasured tech: “My iPhone. It never leaves my side.” The double act John Miles and Amber Vodegel, Health & Parenting Ltd This husband-and-wife duo develop apps including advice services Pregnancy+ and Baby+, and take it in turns to attend conferences and stay home on family and business duties. An overhaul to the app, planned for September, is set to bring new computer graphics and social media elements to their software.  This is Miles’s third WWDC trip but he has never met Jony Ive, his hero. “I studied industrial design too, he has one of those very impressive journeys that you look at with admiration,” he says. WWDC survival tech: iPhone, and a grand total of three sets of headphones (basic earbuds, wireless AirPods, noise-cancelling Beats by Dre), and a Macbook Pro for “proper work”. The song star (Francesca Bradley) Francesca Bradley, Shazam Audio-recognition software Shazam is a true App Store icon and it has an office in Hammersmith. The iOS app has just been redesigned and Bradley, 24, hopes WWDC will bring new Swift announcements to adapt it further. “The integration of apps in iMessage was something Shazam jumped straight on last year,” she says. “You can now Shazam straight from iMessage.”  Read more Apple finally reveals how to take a perfect photo on your iPhone Hidden feature in iOS 10.3 update will free up space on your iPhone Apple boss Tim Cook tells PM 'the UK's going to be fine after Brexit' This is Bradley’s second WWDC — and she’s only a recent convert to the Steve Jobs tribe. “I actually had an Android when I started at Shazam,” she confesses. “I got an iPhone in December — it’s still joked about in the office today.” Most-used app: Snapchat. “My god-daughter loves the filters. We’ve just integrated Shazam in Snapchat too.” Follow Ben Travis on Twitter: @BenSTravis More about: Apple iOS WWDC Iphone IPad London developer Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: All Topics All Authors Archive Terms of use Contact Us Privacy policy Cookie policy Code of Conduct & Complaints Advertisers Promotion rules Contributors Syndication Homes & Property Jobs London Live The Independent This is London Magazine indy100 Install our apps We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Close We have noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Free access to Standard.co.uk’s comprehensive package of news, sport and entertainment relies on advertising revenue. This allows us to invest in the best writers, pictures and videos. To continue viewing the site please disable your ad blocker for Standard.co.uk. Need help to do this? Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for standard.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on standard.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add standard.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting standard.co.uk Continue to our site
Apps iPhone Apps iPad Apps Mac Apps Apple TV Apps Apple Watch Apps The Best Apps Tutorials Jailbreak Jailbreak Tweaks Jailbreak Guide Unlock Guide Deals Latest Deals Devices iPhone iPad Mac Apple Watch Apple TV More Download Wallpapers iPhone Photography Expert Tips Podcasts Twelve South’s BookArc stand for Apple notebooks now available in Space Gray Anthony Bouchard on June 1, 2017 2 Twelve South just launched a new Space Gray color option for its popular BookArc stand for MacBook, MacBook Air, and MacBook Pro on Thursday. It’s intended to look great with the OEM Space Gray color Apple offers for its MacBook with Retina display and 2016 MacBook Pro (with or without the Touch Bar), and it joins the classic silver finish, made to match the standard aluminum finish of the previous generation MacBook Pro, along with other notebooks in Apple’s lineup. Albeit a different color, the Space Gray BookArc still functions like the original BookArc, providing users with a clutter-free solution to storing their notebook when not in use. Fortunately, the large open pasture just below the docking station works as a cable catch to help keep things organized. BookArc also enables your Apple-branded notebook to operate in clamshell mode with an external display, keyboard, and mouse in a streamlined vertical fashion. A silicone insert on the inside of the aluminum stand cradles your notebook with care, preventing unwanted scratches on its metallic surface. The inside of the insert is contoured to create a snug fit under the weight of the notebook, and more importantly, it’s perfectly-balanced to prevent toppling. We made a review of the original Twelve South BookArc last year and feel as though you’re getting a high-quality stand for the $50 price tag – keeping both a minimal footprint and empowering you with better storage for your expensive notebook when not in use. We also covered the updated model, which added support for the 2016 MacBook Pro, on our YouTube channel earlier this year: Subscribe to iDB on YouTube The new Space Gray option keeps the same price as the original stand, which will be great news for those using a Space Gray machine and are looking for a new desk storage option. If you’re interested in picking one up for $49.99, you can head over to Twelve South’s website, where you’ll also find other goodies for your Apple products in addition to the BookArc. Will you be grabbing the updated color option for your notebook storage needs? Let us know what you think about the new color option in the comments section below! Tagged: Accessories Aluminum Apple Dock Hardware MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro News Stand Twelve South MORE FROM iDB Twelve South’s BookArc is a lightweight and stylish Apple notebook stand iQunix makes an affordable, high-quality stand for MacBook Twelve South launches portable MacBook stand that folds up like iPad Smart Cover Al Fresco isn’t the fan on the bottom in the pic? It seems to me that it would be better for the fan to be on the top when mounted in the stand, no? Anthony Bouchard Technically speaking, you can set it up or down. So however you please. Featured Latest Daily Deals: $82 Holy Stone HD drone, $52 Logitech gaming mouse, and more Mad Max, Pulp Fiction and other iTunes movies on sale right now Jailbreak tweaks of the week: LaunchInSafeMode, Thumbtack, & more… SpotAngels, Ditty, Gaia GPS, and other apps to check out this weekend The best 4K monitors Daily Deals: $82 Holy Stone HD drone, $52 Logitech gaming mouse, and more Apple’s free app of the week: The Robot Factory How to always open Safari in a private window Apple begins decorating McEnery Convention Center ahead of WWDC 2017 Expand iPad’s Picture-in-Picture feature with PiPifier Jailbreak News DetailedCellularUsage reveals hidden items in your iPhone’s cellular usage report Allow guests to sign into your iPhone or iPad with Guest Mode 2 Toka replaces Home screen’s Today widgets with missed notifications Revamp your Lock screen’s battery charging display with Charge Colorize your iPhone’s toggle switches with SwitchTint Apps Apple’s free app of the week: The Robot Factory Expand iPad’s Picture-in-Picture feature with PiPifier How to stop Mail app from downloading all attachments on Mac Apple updating Swift Playgrounds with support for robots, drones, and instruments Skype is getting a major redesign with Snapchat-like features Accessories Nike’s new sneaker-matching Apple Watch bands now available for purchase Twelve South’s BookArc stand for Apple notebooks now available in Space Gray Apple’s begun manufacturing its Siri speaker ahead of WWDC Elgato debuts Eve Degree HomeKit sensor [video review] Former Android chief unveils edge-to-edge phone and Echo-like speaker Deals Withings Activité Steel Activity Tracker Watch for $89 Withings Pulse O2 Activity Tracker for $69 Pagico 8.7 for $19 Newsletter Get updates directly into your inbox. Subscribe Download the iDB app About | Contact | Advertise | Disclosure | Privacy Policy 2017 © iDownloadBlog.com - This website is not affiliated with Apple. Home Apps Tutorials Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Downloads Wallpapers Accessories Deals Podcasts Write for iDB Contact Us
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Look out Alexa! Apple has started manufacturing a Siri-controlled smart speaker to rival Amazon and will unveil it NEXT WEEK The product is believed to be aimed at bringing Apple AI into the home Sources suggest Apple employees have been testing the speaker for months Company has considered including sensors that automatically adjust audio Apple could unveil the speakers at the annual conference, report claims Could be marketed as a 'Siri/AirPlay device' and boast Beats technology By Phoebe Weston For Mailonline Published: 10:13 EDT, 1 June 2017 | Updated: 10:19 EDT, 1 June 2017 e-mail 8 shares 11 View comments Apple has started manufacturing a Siri-controlled smart speaker to rival the Amazon Echo and Google Home, according to a new report. Sources suggest Apple could be unveiling the speakers at the annual developer conference on 5 to 9 June in San Jose, with a public release later in the year. The product is believed to be aimed at bringing Apple AI into the home, but will have a higher price tag that the Amazon range, which begins at $49 (£49) for the Echo Dot. Scroll down for video Sources say Apple could be unveiling the Siri speakers at the annual developer conference on 5 to 9 June with release later in the year.  The speaker would be a key rival to the Amazon Echo (pictured) and Google Home APPLE'S SIRI-DRIVEN SMART SPEAKER The product is believed to be aimed at bringing Apple AI into the home, and will have a higher price tag that the Amazon range, which begins at $49 (£49) for the Echo Dot. The speaker will provide a hub for appliances via Apple's HomeKit system and establish a centre inside the home to lock people in to using other Apple services, according to the report. A speaker might help customers stay loyal to other services such as Apple Music, Apple Watch, Apple TV and AirPods.  Insiders suggest that Siri's advanced acoustics technology may give it the edge over competitors. The company has considered including sensors that automatically adjust audio levels dependent on the acoustics of a room, insiders said. The speaker will provide a hub inside the home to lock people in to using other Apple services, writes Bloomberg.  It might encourage customers to stay loyal to other services such as Apple Music, Apple Watch, Apple TV and AirPods. These products generated the company $11 billion (£8.5 billion) last year. Sources suggest Apple employees have already been testing the speaker for months. The firm is known for unveiling new technologies at its Worldwide Developers Conference and this year’s conference might be the first in three years to introduce new hardware. Insiders suggest that Siri's advanced acoustics technology may give it the edge over competitors. The company has considered including sensors that automatically adjust audio levels dependent on the acoustics of a room, insiders said. It is believed a third-party will build products for the speaker.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Drones take to the skies to supply DOUGHNUTS: UAVs team up... Hyperloop inches closer to reality: Full-scale test centre... From hugs to reassuring touches: Chimps and humans console... US Army to test its ROBOTIC convoy: Self-driving military... Share this article Share According to 9to5 Mac, KGI analyst Ming-Chi Kuo calls it 'Apple's first home AI product', and says it will feature 'excellent' sound with seven tweeters and a subwoofer. 'It will be positioned as a more premium product than the Echo…with a higher price tag to match, the site says. According to Mr Kuo, Apple hopes to ship around 10 million of these as-yet-unannounced devices in the first year, and it will be made by Inventec, the same company that made Apple's AirPods.  A leak in April revealed that the Cupertino company is 'currently finalizing' its own smart speaker, which is said to be marketed as a 'Siri/AirPlay device' Sonny Dickson, who is known for sharing inside information in the tech world, said it could also 'carry some form of Beats technology and is expected to run on variant iOS' A leak in April by Sonny Dickson, who is known for sharing inside information in the tech world, revealed the Cupertino company is 'currently finalizing' its smart speaker, which is said to be marketed as a 'Siri/AirPlay device.' It also noted that the Siri-driven device could 'carry some form of Beats technology and is expected to run on variant iOS.'  Mr Dickson also told Mashable that it would have a 'concave top' with the controls, 'Mac Pro style.'  Insiders suggest Siri's advanced acoustics technology may give it the edge over competitors. The company has considered including sensors that automatically adjust audio levels dependent on the acoustics of a room, insiders said (stock image)  Adding AirPlay support to the device would let users 'push music, radio, and podcasts to the Apple hardware over Wi-Fi, which typically offers better quality than Bluetooth,' Apple Insider reported. Apple has yet to make an official announcement regarding their Siri-enabled smart speaker. MailOnline has contacted Apple for comment.   A speaker might help customers stay loyal to services such as Apple Music, Apple Watch, Apple TV and AirPods, and could be a secret weapon to take on Amazon's Echo (pictured) Read more: Apple Opening Siri, Developing Echo Rival ¿ The Information Apple's Siri-based smart home speaker might be close to completion Apple Stepping Up Plans for Amazon Echo-Style Smart-Home Device - Bloomberg Apple Stepping Up Plans for Amazon Echo-Style Smart-Home Device - Bloomberg Apple 'finalizing' design of Amazon Echo rival based on Siri Apple News on iPhone, iPad and Macbooks | Daily Mail Online KGI: Apple likely to announce ¿home AI¿ Siri Speaker at WWDC, positioned as high-end Amazon Echo competitor | 9to5Mac Share or comment on this article e-mail 8 shares Most watched News videos Three dead after two bounty hunters shoot up Nissan dealership Beefeater tells woman off for throwing glove at Royal Guard Trump announces U.S. will officially withdraw from Paris accord Catching a Killer: Documentary shows search for mother's killer Reports indicate Trump pulling US out of Paris climate deal Road rage pair kung-fu fight in middle of traffic jam in Malaga Dani Mathers apologizes for body shaming naked 70-year-old woman Jeremy Corbyn refuses to say if immigration would fall with him as PM Election 2017: The highlights from the BBC leaders' debate Timeline: Events that led to Tiger Woods' arrest suspicion of DUI Zookeeper mauled by a tiger talks about protecting the species Terrifying footage shows panic and chaos as people flee Manila hotel 'I represent the people of Pittsburgh NOT Paris': Trump... At least 37 killed in Manila casino horror as they... 'You can take it to the bank he's going to withdraw':... Running tracks, 'pause areas' and a rooftop 'meadow':... 'He is a soldier and deserves to be treated with... We let our mother down... we couldn't protect her, say... Manchester bomber’s youngest victim Saffie Roussos'... Plumes of smoke are seen towering above the Vatican after... David Beckham, Gary Lineker and Ant and Dec lose their... 'F*** you England!’: Mother, 22, 'gets death threats'... Man who tied a noose around his wife's neck and dragged... Mother, 22, was left with two black eyes and a swollen... Graphic video captures the moment two bounty hunters and... Trump’s armada finally arrives! Two giant US aircraft... Feminist group strips naked and forms a pile of bodies... Megyn Kelly makes NBC debut: New host appears on 'Today'... Jared WAS in the White House when Trump announced the... Model hired as a human sushi platter slaps male customer... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 11 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment Post comment to your Facebook Timeline What's This? By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read What's inside the 'pit of Mars'? Satellites spot strange 'Swiss cheese' area of the red planet next to a... Ripples in space time caused by the collision of two black holes are detected for a THIRD time: Discovery... Antarctic ice shelf crack is 'very close' to calving off and creating one of the biggest icebergs ever... Is the universe too hot for aliens to make contact? Scientists claim they are hibernating and waiting for it... Cyborg dragonfly spy takes to the sky: Researcher show off modified 'surveillance insect' The all-seeing self driving car: Intel CEO says technology will double as a network of security cameras The mystery of the 'teen witch' with bone cancer buried face down in a Panama trash heap in 1300 AD Hundreds of giant 12,000 year-old craters caused by methane blow-outs found on the Arctic sea floor (and... Facebook to take on Snapchat with new 'Talk' messaging app aimed at teens Disney CEO Robert Iger joins Elon Musk in resigning from the President's Council over his withdrawal from... 'I represent the people of Pittsburgh NOT Paris': Trump pulls U.S. out of climate accord saying it is a... Weather forecasts are getting better (but still get it wrong 20% of the time) The app economy: Apple reveals it has paid over $70 BILLION to developers  The biggest plane EVER built: Microsoft billionaire unveils huge 'Stratolaunch' aircraft with two cockpits... Earth is on the brink of a sixth mass extinction putting animals at 'unprecedented' extinction risk in the... MORE HEADLINES Is Kodi crumbling? Three more add-ons shut down on the streaming software after legal threats from anti-piracy groups Disney CEO Robert Iger joins Elon Musk in resigning from the President's Council over his withdrawal from the Paris Accord  World's most powerful X-ray laser creates a 'mini black hole' in the lab in a breakthrough that could lead to the development of new drugs Antarctic ice shelf crack is 'very close' to calving off and creating one of the biggest icebergs ever recorded What's inside the 'pit of Mars'? Satellites spot strange 'Swiss cheese' area of the red planet next to a giant hole Is the universe too hot for aliens to make contact? Scientists claim they are hibernating and waiting for it to cool down before they get in touch  Walmart to take on Amazon by asking staff to deliver online orders on their way home from work Have you been hacked? Password manager OneLogin is hit by a major breach and warns data has been compromised The mystery of the 'teen witch' with bone cancer buried face down in a Panama trash heap in 1300 AD Century-old Japanese martial arts book reveals the moves women can use to fight off male attackers Ripples in space time caused by the collision of two black holes are detected for a THIRD time: Discovery opens a new window on our universe The mystery of the blinking spots on the moon: NASA says FROST may cause strange reflections Hyperloop inches closer to reality: Full-scale test centre for Elon Musk's 760mph futuristic tubes opens in the Netherlands Reading with your child 'turbocharges' their brain: Storytime boosts their memory and problem-solving skills Words With Friends app adds President Trump's 'covfefe' to its dictionary MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today 'She started three families with three different people and f***** everyone over!' Kim Kardashian slams Caitlyn Jenner's book for 'scapegoating' Kris Renee Zellweger wows in LBD as she's honored at Greenwich International Film Festival gala Oscar-winning actress was a showstopper Well she is Beyonce's mom! Tina Knowles, 63, shows off her fit figure in skintight Ivy Park workout gear Tight clothing showed off her flawless curves Diva moment! Bethenny Frankel gestures wildly in frustration on set of her new reality show in NYC She's known for her emotional outbursts She's at it again! Edgy Kelly Osbourne debuts shimmery Mohawk braid hairstyle at Daytime Divas premiere Controversial figure when it comes to style So in love! Zoe Saldana looks chic as she cuddles up to husband Marco Perego at benefit for the Navy SEAL Foundation Adorable couple Nailed it! Karrueche Tran and Christina Milian look smoking hot for the Hollywood premiere of Claws The Claws were out in Hollywood on Thursday Leggy look! Keri Russell dons sexy black leather mini skirt as she joins Matthew Rhys at Americans LA event Keri went bare-legged in high-heeled pumps Kathy Griffin claims she has been bullied by the Trump family as she prepares to hold a press conference to explain why she did THAT photo shoot Khloe Kardashian puts her derriere on full display in skintight blue denim as she runs errands in Beverly Hills Added a burgundy tank top and gold flip flops Scarlet fever! Gigi Hadid rocks red dipped hair in powerful new Versace ad campaign New campaign features a host of other stars, including Taylor Hill, 21 Pierce Brosnan and wife of 16 years Keely Shaye Smith look tanned and relaxed as they jet out of LAX after romantic holiday in Hawaii Not impressed? Hailey Baldwin looks underwhelmed as she leaves posh Beverly Hills hotel in biker jacket Looked chic in a pair of dark blue jeans Kesha shows her country side in a denim shirt and red bandana as she jets out of LAX with boyfriend Brad Couple of more than three years Ashley Graham exposes cleavage and a flash of her waist while grabbing lunch in olive green off-the-shoulder ensemble in Los Angeles 'Love has no barriers': Celine Dion leads celebrities including Britney Spears and Selena Gomez in penning Pride letters 30 Days Of Pride She's got some front! Mariah Carey flashes cleavage as she dons thigh-skimming bodycon dress and black crop top for meeting in Beverly Hills 'Never even heard of her': Rob Kardashian denies dating reality star Mehgan James following Blac Chyna split Rumors are not true 'Follow Gregg cuz he doesn't post': Bella Thorne urges fans to check out her rekindled boyfriend Sulkin on Snapchat She was grilling him Keeping it casual: Ariel Winter, 19, dons baggy gray sweatpants and dark t-shirt for stroll with beau Levi Meaden, 29 Spotted out together Hold my hand mommy! Kourtney Kardashian steps out with Penelope for a day of shopping in Beverly Hills  The mother-of-three was spotted at the valet stand Mellow yellow! Anne Hathaway looks slim in a vibrant top while out in New York City Looked summery in a pair of ankle-length white jeans Making sweet music together: Gwen Stefani and Blake Shelton head to a recording studio together in LA Looks like they are working on new music Star walks! Slim Natalie Portman looks full of spring cheer as she goes for a stroll with baby daughter in LA Blissful stroll with her daughter Melissa McCarthy dons chic checkered shawl as she enjoys Disneyland with her husband and daughters Spending time at the happiest place on Earth Peek-a-boo! Vanessa Hudgens appears shy as she dons demure athletic attire on outing with boyfriend Austin Butler Fitness fanatic 'It's actually pretty scary': Danay Garcia discusses fate of her character Luciana on Fear The Walking Dead She doesn't know if she'll be killed off No one's looking at your mouth! Kylie Jenner poses in black bra and undies while sprawled out on a white bed to promote new Lip Kit She stripped off NSFW: Playboy vet Kendra Wilkinson lets a Las Vegas dancer climb on her during male revue show... even though she's married with kids Back in her skinny jeans! Make-up free Irina Shayk shows off her slim figure as she steps out with baby Lea after jetting back from Cannes Hilary Swank cozies up to boyfriend Philip Schneider as she joins Robert Downey Jr and wife Susan at Emmy Rossum and Sam Esmail's wedding Footsore? Brooke Shields ditches heels for flip flops as she shops till she drops in NYC The actress, who turned 52 on Wednesday, was laden down with bags Such a tease! Shanina Shaik stuns in a skimpy leopard bikini at the beach as she cheekily reminds Australian fans 'my summer begins next week' From Paris with love! Sofia Richie and bestie Chloe Bartoli lunch in New York after their saucy trip to Cannes with Scott Disick Grabbing a bite to eat Tat's the spirit! Malin Ackerman reveals her hip back tattoo while lunching in flirty halter top Between her toned shoulder blades Heidi Klum, 43, hits the beach with shirtless beau Vito Schnabel, 30, in Mykonos... after revealing she has 'no problem with nudity' She recently posed nude Priyanka Chopra looks chic in lace ensemble at Baywatch interview... after 'hitting back' over being accused of 'disrespecting' Indian PM by wearing dress Trump's ex-wife Marla Maples is spotted cozying up to a mystery man on day out playing softball in Central Park after spiritual getaway with daughter Tiffany Top of the crops! Iggy Azalea flashes her midriff as she signs autographs and poses with fans at LAX airport  Broke into a wide smile when greeted by fans Joining the rebellion! Wilson greeted at court by placard-waving supporters as defamation suit against Woman's Day continues  Warm welcome Who's your papa? Fabio to star as the Pope in Sharknado 5 as list of celebrity cameos are revealed Romance novel model will play the pontiff Showing it off at the beach! Joanna Krupa's nipple peeks through her shredded white top as she splashes around in Malibu Showing off her body Vlad to see you: Megyn Kelly dons off-the-shoulder velvet dress with a slit and massive platform shoes to chat with a transfixed President Putin  'What would you do?' Khloe Kardashian cryptically asks followers for advice about an unnamed 'friend' who is 'stealing' from the reality starlet Calling on Saul? Tough guy fixer Mike seems ready to work for Gus in new Better Call Saul trailer... as sleazy lawyer's money woes worsen Smooth landing! Fresh-faced Margot Robbie is spotted arriving at LAX airport after jetting in from London Flawless Taking a chance on her! Amanda Seyfried set to reprise role in Mamma Mia! sequel due out in 2018 Almost a decade since original film hit theaters What happened to her nose? Khloe Kardashian shows off much bigger snout as she poses without the contouring makeup she relies on Also didn't use filters Jared and Ivanka head to shul before SKIPPING Rose Garden ceremony as President Trump withdraws from Paris Accord despite his daughter's protests PICTURED: Blushing bride Emmy Rossum stuns in custom Carolina Herrera gown as she marries Sam Esmail in New York Beamed a huge smile  Caitlyn Jenner keeps it comfortable in blue long-sleeved top and jeans while grabbing coffee in Malibu Went on her regular Starbucks coffee run Penelope gives us the plain truth: Actress says she not that glamorous as she talks about Murder On The Orient Express  New movie Kathy Griffin loses MORE gigs after the Trump 'severed head' picture: Five venues have canceled shows in the wake of the shocking photo shoot Doesn't he know how to drive? Kim Kardashian's best friend Jonathan Cheban is again chauffeured to his favorite Hollywood hot spot Sun's out, guns out! Wonder Woman star Chris Pine flaunts his buff biceps in Miami Vice tank top as he grabs an iced coffee in NYC Ivanka Trump's daughter Arabella wears a dress by John Galliano on Jewish holiday - and the frock even features the anti-Semitic designer's signature Blooming beautiful! Transgender model Andreja Pejic dons floral blouse for summer stroll around New York Looked every bit the New Yorker Julia Roberts' upcoming TV series Today Will Be Different picked up by HBO It will be the first ever TV show for Roberts, who is also executive producer Tatt's nice! Male supermodel Jordan Barrett gets inked in Barcelona after hanging out with Lara Stone and Bella Hadid in Cannes European vacation Split! Workaholics actor Blake Anderson and wife Rachael Finley are set to divorce after five years of marriage and one child named Mars Her own best ad! Reese Witherspoon steps out toting a $165 straw purse from her line Draper James Wore tortoiseshell cat-eye sunglasses Checkmate! Rachel Weisz shows off her fashion prowess as she steps out in summery gingham shirt dress in New York Leaving the Today show Marilyn Monroe's Los Angeles home, where the Some Like It Hot actress overdosed in 1962, sells over the $6.9m asking price for $7.25m 'I am CRYING': Hamilton creator Lin-Manuel Miranda pays tribute to wife Vanessa with a 'V' tattoo on his ring finger - and spark social media meltdown We let our mother down... we couldn't protect her, say William and Harry: Princes make emotional admission in interview about Diana's death EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Game, set, match! Tennis ace Caroline Wozniacki enjoys a romantic day off from the French Open with NBA beau David Lee  She's her own best advertisement! Kendall Jenner puts on leggy display in off-the-shoulder romper over bodysuit from her clothing range  Brad Pitt is spotted treating the late Soundgarden singer Chris Cornell's children to hot chocolate at Universal Studios Hollywood EXCLUSIVE: Walmart insurer demands Tracy Morgan turn over medical records and income statements and testify over '$90 million' car crash settlement  Drug, girls and shepherd's pie! As the Rolling Stones, combined age of 292, go on tour AGAIN, we reveal the untold stories from 55 years on the road Sports writer who called Rihanna 'fat' and said her size was 'tough to stomach' is SUSPENDED from his job and reacts by slamming boss with vulgar tweet A clear winner! As Rihanna dons transparent shoes, FEMAIL rounds up the see-through pumps that will replace last year's flesh-tone sandals Debbie Reynolds and Carrie Fisher's Beverly Hills home being sold for $18M as personal belongings including movie memorabilia and  furniture goes to auction Major multi-tasking! Zoe Saldana pulls a Gisele Bundchen by sharing photo where she's getting glammed while holding baby and cell phone What will Gregg say! Bella Thorne goes TOPLESS on Snapchat before deleting raunchy video... after reuniting with ex Sulkin following Scott Disick 'humiliation' Step into summer! FEMAIL rounds up 24 chic espadrilles for YOU to shop to follow in the footsteps of Jennifer Aniston and Alessandra Ambrosio EXCLUSIVE: Tiger Woods' ex-wife Elin Nordegren pulled over by Florida police for speeding - only 11 miles from where golfer was arrested for DUI 'Normal is boring': Christina El Moussa's daughter Taylor wears statement shirt... after months of family drama between mom and dad Caught up in a divorce Beverly Hills, 90210 co-stars Tori Spelling and Ian Ziering reunite for the launch of his wife's mommy blog Looked very happy to see each other Twelve-year-old girl blows away the America's Got Talent judges with her incredible ventriloquism act that saw her singing with her mouth CLOSED PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Taylor Swift and Joe Alwyn are seen together for first time as pop superstar boards private jet with her little known actor beau  Baby on the way? Cristiano Ronaldo steps out with girlfriend Georgina Rodriguez in Corsica... after soccer stud's mom dismisses pregnancy rumors Nordic clans unite! Monarchs join the President of Finland for a gala dinner to celebrate 100 years of the country's independence Top of the world! Julianne Moore, 56, is youthful in red-and-white dress at Empire State Building in NYC as she speaks out about gun safety Twice as nice! Cat Deeley stuns in a ladylike white frock for interview in New York City... before emerging in gray slip and suede jacket Selena Gomez is 'head-over-heels in love' with beau The Weeknd and this relationship is 'very different' from the one she had with Justin Bieber 'I was moved by what a decent person Brad Pitt was': Meg Tilly, 57, talks 'generous' War Machine co-star as she returns to acting after 18 YEAR break 'A baguette dripping in cheese, some fries, a glass of wine': Health guru Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her daily diet and insists she never exercises on vacation It took 21 YEARS to bring Wonder Woman to the big screen - and at least 10 women including Beyoncé, a wrestler and a Bond girl were linked to the part 'It's a comedian's job to cross the line': Jim Carrey comes to Kathy Griffin's defense after bloody Trump head photo causes outrage Mask star speaks out  'Brand-new experience': will.i.am reveals Fergie is leaving The Black Eyed Peas and that Nicole Scherzinger is on band's forthcoming venture 'I would have been a lousy father!' Steve Martin, 71, reveals why it is important he became a dad later in life Hollywood star had his first child four years ago Heidi Montag says Lauren Conrad has NOT reached out to her even though they are both pregnant at same time... but Audrina and Kristin have Megyn Kelly makes Today debut reporting from Russia and confirms she will be interviewing Putin - but does not acknowledge co-host Hoda Kotb Did Pippa have a wedding smile-over? Dentists believe she had 'gold standard aligning, bleaching and bonding' ahead of her big day (just like big sister Kate) No heartache here! The Bachelor's Lauren Bushnell beams at LA airport after revealing she has NOT returned diamond engagement ring to Ben Higgins Rod Stewart's wife Penny Lancaster, 46, shows off her model figure as she walks hand in hand with the rocker, 72, and son Aiden in St Tropez Salma Hayek stuns in a simple black dress with sheer detailing as she cozies up to husband François-Henri Pinault at Beatriz At Dinner screening in London Bristol Palin proudly shares a photo of newborn baby girl Atlee Bay showing off her 'first real smile' while being held by doting grandfather Todd Thrill ride! Moustachioed Johnny Depp appears alongside Daisy Ridley in suspense packed trailer for Murder On The Orient Express Johnny Depp 'had no idea his managers used his assets to take out $40m in loans to cover up mishandling money' Explosive allegations about star's finances Prince Harry's former flame Chelsy Davy says launching a jewelry line brought out her 'inner geek' as she models her own designs in a stunning photoshoot  'Kiss for Daddy': David Beckham enjoys quality time with children Harper and Brooklyn on African holiday His wife Victoria sadly missed out on the fun Making a splash! Kelly Ripa dons paper crown and patterned midi as she and Ryan Seacrest spray hoses in Live gag Spotted outside ABC studio in NYC Chris Cornell's widow says they are waiting for toxicology results to clear up questions about his suicide and believes prescription drugs made him want to self-harm  'First time and the last time we were together': Chris Cornell's brother Peter breaks his silence on the rocker's death by posting touching tribute Went on Facebook  'I am not going to be body shamed for being pale or not stick thin!': Ireland Baldwin fires back at haters after sharing lingerie photos Upset by comments  Kylie Jenner superfan, 19, gets his EIGHTH tattoo inspired by the star, and reveals his Kylie-covered bedroom in a documentary about his obsession On the mend? Gwyneth Paltrow tries to get back in her stride despite her injured foot still requiring a medical boot  Did her best not to limp as she did errands  'I asked her some dumb questions': Elisabeth Moss reveals she exhausted author of The Handmaid's Tale for information about her role on shocking drama Who needs down time? Athletic newlyweds Pippa and James squeeze in a jog around Sydney Opera House on their action-packed honeymoon  Come and get it while it's hot! Ali Larter shines as she feasts on fancy fried chicken at Beverly Hills restaurant The 41-year-old could not hide her happiness  Obamas buy 8,200-square-foot mansion they were renting in exclusive Kalorama neighborhood of Washington, DC, for $8.1million Fab in florals! Isla Fisher is radiant in springtime ensemble as she joins Denis Leary and John Hodgman on a panel at BookExpo 2017 in New York Sorry for flooding your feed! Justin Bieber posts 24 photos on Instagram within an hour... including THAT photo of him fighting man twice his size Ahoy, matey! Supermodel Karlie Kloss shoots a cover girl look while walking in NYC with snazzy sailor-inspired slacks Flashing her smile  'I can't censor myself': Photographer Tyler Shields stands by severed head picture despite Kathy Griffin losing CNN job and says he would do it again Pretty in prints! Vanessa Hudgens is a happy shopper in cute maxi dress alongside boyfriend of six years Austin Butler Spotted at Whole Foods  'Dungeon and torture chamber': Bethenny Frankel bursts into tears twice on RHONY under stress from ex Lost it twice during Wednesday's episode Nicole Kidman, 49, says she's 'thrilled' to be playing the MOTHER of Jason Momoa, 37, in Aquaman even though she's only 12 years older than him Annabelle Wallis is the picture of class in billowing floral maxi dress as she promotes The Mummy with co-star Sofia Boutella at the AOL Build Series Fun in the sun! FEMAIL reveals how to accessorize your swimsuit like Kourtney Kardashian, Kendall Jenner and Alessandra Ambrosio Heavenly! Victoria's Secret model Romee Strijd gives a peek at toned stomach in tie-up shirt over crop top on New York stroll with beau All of me! Naked Chrissy Teigen guards her modesty as she shows off her fresh spray tan on Snapchat She stripped off on social media Sweet charity! Jerry and Jessica Seinfeld take the kids to a philanthropic party in New York's Central Park Stepped out for a good cause on Wednesday Marcus Welby, MD nurse Elena Verdugo dies at age 92 after a long Hollywood career that included starring in House Of Frankenstein Starred in show 7 years Children who survived the Manchester terror attack will sing alongside Ariana Grande at star-studded benefit concert on Sunday Salma Hayek shows off her toned arms in a dark midi dress with unusual cut-out shoulder panels at the Sundance Film Festival: London From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Is this the ultimate party speaker? MailOnline puts Sony's XB40 to the test Sony SRS-XB40 has a built-in multi-coloured line light, speaker lights and a flashing strobe. It features 24 hours of battery life and claims to be a 'mini-disco on the move'. But does it live up to the claim? Samsung's Galaxy S8: A hefty price tag and a dumb personal assistant Samsung's new Galaxy S8 phone is stunning, but its $100 price hike is hard to swallow. Overall the S8 is for those who want elegance - and are willing to pay for it. Affordable, robust and surprisingly responsive: Samsung's Galaxy A5 With the eagerly awaited Galaxy S8 having been pushed back, South Korea-based Samsung has plugged the gap with the Samsung Galaxy A5, a high-end device with a mid-range price tag. Is it really worth paying £280 for Nintendo's Switch? MailOnline's verdict While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Antarctic ice shelf crack is 'very close' to calving off and creating one of the biggest icebergs ever recorded 81 comments 1 video Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News US to withdraw from Paris Climate agreement, President Donald Trump says in interest of American citizens The New Hardline In The Valley: Overnight lock-up, 5 days in custody for this 10-year-old India to get SCO full membership in Astana, say Russia and China Jharkhand lynchings: Two held for spreading messages that fuelled child-lifting rumours Ramachandra Guha quits board panel after he opposed Virat Kohli’s say on coach Home Technology Mobile & Tabs Apple iPhone 8 leaks: New schematics, size compared with Samsung Galaxy S8, S8+ Apple iPhone 8 leaks: New schematics, size compared with Samsung Galaxy S8, S8+ The two interesting leaks for the Apple iPhone 8 today include new schematics revealing edge-to-edge display, and alleged render images comparing the size of iPhone 8 against Samsung Galaxy S8, Galaxy S8+. By: Tech Desk | New Delhi | Updated: June 2, 2017 11:40 am Apple iPhone 8 leaked design in between Samsung Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ (Image credit: iDrop News) Related News From India to Silicon Valley, how June software cashed in on Apple’s success Apple to launch new MacBook Pro next week, official announcement to be made at WWDC 2017 India’s tablet market declines by 18 per cent on an yearly basis: IDC We’re seeing quite a few Apple iPhone 8 leaks every single day. Apple’s tenth anniversary smartphone is expected to come with a radical redesign, and that includes edge-to-edge display leaving no room for Touch ID. Most rumours say TouchID will be integrated underneath the display itself, which means an infrared sensor will read the fingerprint. The two interesting leaks for the iPhone 8 include new schematics from SlashLeaks, and alleged render images comparing the size of iPhone 8 against Samsung Galaxy S8, Galaxy S8+ from iDrop News. About the comparison renders of iPhone 8 and Galaxy S8, iDrop News notes these are based on anonymous “factory workers with intimate knowledge”. Twitter user Benjamin Geskin‏ has put out both these leaks. His renders comparing the iPhone 8 against the new generation of Samsung Galaxy S8 phones have been shared by iDrop News. According to the report, iPhone 8 will have a 5.8-inch OLED iPhone with the following dimensions: 143.59 x 70.94 x 7.57 mm. It stands against the two Galaxy smartphones, but it still appears smaller than the two phones, thanks to the edge-to-edge display. Even Samsung’s current Galaxy S8+ with its 6.2-inch display is similar in dimensions to the current Apple iPhone 7 Plus, which has a much smaller 5.5-inch display. iDrop also posted an image of the iPhone 8 comparing it to Apple’s existing iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, and you can see that even though the screen size is now 5.8-inches, the new iPhone is smaller than the iPhone 7 Plus. It will be interesting to see how the final iPhone 8 looks, and how easy it will be to use for customers, given the bump in display. Also read: Apple WWDC 2017: Siri speaker is coming, to take on Google Home, Amazon Echo Additionally the leaked schematics via SlashLeaks reveal the front and back design of the iPhone 8. As seen from the images, the front of iPhone 8 will be an edge-to-edge display design without the signature iPhone home button, something similar to Samsung Galaxy S8. Apple iPhone 8 will likely have flat display, and not the dual-curved edge one we’ve seen on Samsung’s Galaxy S8 series. The back, according to schematic, will feature a vertical dual camera setup. It also shows a tiny circular area, which is claimed to be the space for the Apple logo, and not fingerprint sensor. The fingerprint sensor will likely be integrated underneath the display at the front, according to the report. Last week, the Economic Daily News (EDN) report noted Apple apparently has overcome the hurdle of Touch ID placement on iPhone 8’s display. Apple iPhone 8 is expected to launch in September, this year. Apple’s developer conference WWDC 2017 starts on Tuesday, where the company is expected to announced a new speaker with Siri and new range of MacBooks as well. More Related News Andy Rubin’s Essential PH-1 smartphone: How it stacks against Apple iPhone 7 Plus, Galaxy S8+ Apple working on new glucose tracker, CEO Tim Cook spotted wearing prototype For all the latest Technology News, download Indian Express App © IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd Tags: Apple Apple iPhone 8 No Comments. Most Read Kajol, daughter Nysa's beach vacation is providing Ajay Devgn Vitamin F. See their holiday photos CBSE 10th results 2017: Where and how to check results Abhishek Bachchan is madly in love with wife Aishwarya Rai's beauty. This photo is proof England beat Bangladesh by eight wickets in their ICC Champions Trophy 2017 opener WATCH: This Baahubali scene in 'Chinese' is brilliant; you will never say Kattappa the same way again Best of Express SportsExclusive details of Ramachandra Guha's letter to Vinod Rai on why he quit as BCCI administrator How Donald Trump's withdrawal from Paris Agreement affects climate change goals — especially India's Prithvi-II missile successfully test-fired from Odisha OpinionThose who invoke Israeli army example in J&K must educate themselves about its code of ethics OpinionKabul blast: The dots can be joined to the Haqqani Network Buzzing Now EntertainmentBaywatch movie review: Priyanka Chopra, we can't take eyes off you EntertainmentSalman Khan at IIFA event: Katrina Kaif is the best dancer, Alia Bhatt is right behind her EntertainmentDangal vs Baahubali 2 box office: Aamir Khan film creates Rs 1800-cr club now TrendingHillary Clinton's 'Covfefe' reply to Trump's 'Crooked Hillary' remark is winning the Internet  Baahubali to Dangal: Parineeti Chopra's 'power pose' perfectly fits into these funny memes Top News Three lead comic artists tear apart the ‘bro-code’ in Indian comic scene NBC journalist Megyn Kelly asks second-most followed leader PM Modi: 'Are you on Twitter?' LifestyleWe have digested, held in our bellies so much violence that it is hard to be moral: Arundhati Roy US Scripps National Spelling Bee: Ananya Vinay is the 2017 champion, will take home $40000 cash prize SportsExclusive details of Ramachandra Guha's letter to Vinod Rai on why he quit as BCCI administrator Sports'Kohli had questions on Kumble's appointment' LifestyleQueen of Dark: This 24-year-old South Sudanese model is as bold as she is beautiful  20 different phobias you probably didn't know existed TechnologyNubia Z17 with 8GB RAM, Snapdragon 835 launched: Price, full specifications TechnologyMotorola Moto C price in India spotted online, ahead of official launch Jun 02: Latest News Once inspired by Tiger Woods, minority golfers saddened by fall Sanjay Dutt biopic postponed to avoid clash with Salman Khan, Ranbir Kapoor film to release in 2018 Nubia Z17 with 8GB RAM, Snapdragon 835 launched: Price, full specifications Google faces hefty EU fine in shopping service case ICC Champions Trophy: Chris Woakes’ injury is a major concern for England, says Eoin Morgan                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Property news Buying Renting Mortgages Area guides London Commuter hotspots Luxury Home & garden Interiors Food Gardening Sign in Register Property news Buying Mortgages New Homes First-time buyers Holiday homes Renting Luxury Property Celebrity homes Interiors Design Area guides London Zone 1 London Zone 2 London Zone 3 London Zone 4 London Zone 5 London Zone 6 Commuter hotspots Home & garden Interiors Design news Food Gardening Offers ES shop Back Issues Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Home & garden Interiors Design news California at the Design Museum:new exhibition celebrates the global reach of cutting-edge design from the West Coast state California was at the forefront of mid-century design. Now, for the first time, a show at the Design Museum's examines the impact of Californian Sixties style on the way we live... Dominic Lutyens Thursday 1 June 2017 15:31 BST Click to follow H&P California design: tour the cutting-edge Sixties style 14 show all California design: tour the cutting-edge Sixties style 1/14 Iconic shot Detail from a Beverly Hills Hotel Slim Aarons photo, 30in x 30in (£1,450) at Jonathan Adler 2/14 In modern mode Cactus vase, £40; Soren 5 shelving unit £429; Soren magazine table, £150; Hendrick chair, £499; Soren coffee table, £199; Astrid cushion, £30; Felix rug, £160. All from the Palm Springs collection, new for summer at John Lewis 3/14 Clean lines Malibu sofa from Jonathan Adler, (£5,400) 4/14 Laid-back There’s a clean-lined, laid-back California inspiration behind the S2/Caché sideboard from byKATO of Denmark at Aram (£3,174) 5/14 Think flower power Jet Set needlepoint San Francisco cushion (£98) at Jonathan Adler 6/14 Bold colours Blue vase £30, red George glass bottle £15, white Kendall glass bottle £25, Horatio owl vessel, from £15, all from Palm Springs collection at John Lewis 7/14 Twisting by the pool Diamond chairs by Harry Bertoia with removable seat pads in Divina fabric for Knoll (£1,227) 8/14 Dome kit Buckminster Fuller-inspired dome kit by Hubs (£115) at Design Museum 9/14 Mid-century magicians Rocker by Charles and Ray Eames from Vitra (£450) 10/14 Natural design Outdoor Leaf chair by Arper, £490 11/14 Inspired by nature Evoke lush LA greenery with a set of four cheese plant leaf coasters by Finest Imagery (£15) 12/14 Go green Back to nature, California style — the brightly coloured Ursula jug by Kahler at Skandium (£36) 13/14 Sixties geometrics In mango wood with brass handles, the Newton sideboard (£699) 14/14 Comfort, California style Truman armless section sofa covered in Savannah Paradise fabric (£1,595) and Serengeti cushion (£49), from Andrew Martin The Golden State — California — is the inspired theme of a new exhibition at the Design Museum in Kensington. The West Coast state’s countless cutting-edge design innovations have changed the way we live. Yet surprisingly, this is the first show to acknowledge their impact. “There have been many shows about West Coast mid-century design,” says co-curator Justin McQuirk. “But this is the first to examine California’s global reach in many areas of design.” California is Hollywood film’s birthplace and it was here that much mid-century, light-filled modern architecture was pioneered. The internet was first developed in California and hi-tech giants Apple, Facebook and Twitter are headquartered in Silicon Valley today. The entrepreneurial, individualistic spirit of Californians can be traced back to the settlers who ventured as far as the Pacific Ocean, as well as to the 1848 Gold Rush. But the show, California: Designing Freedom, charts its design history since the Sixties. Inspired by nature: evoke lush LA greenery with a set of four cheese plant leaf coasters by Finest Imagery (£15) That decade saw California’s eco-conscious hippy counterculture raise concerns about the environment and experiment with self-build architecture far from the polluted cities. One of its heroes was architect Buckminster Fuller, a champion of solar and wind energy, whose transparent geodesic domes brought people into closer contact with nature. The show features 200 objects, among them a Fuller dome, surfboards, psychedelic posters, original artwork for classic 1982 movie Blade Runner, the 1984 Apple Mac — the world’s first personal computer — and Google’s self-driving car. Apple has sold over a billion iPhones but just as the state is a hi-tech powerhouse, so its mid-century design heritage is perennially appealing. Read more Surreal interiors trend brings designer furniture with a wacky twist It evokes an easy, laid-back lifestyle. Furniture created by West Coast designers was clean-lined and contemporary yet comfortable and colourful. They favoured rounded shapes inspired by nature and organic forms. Californian modernist architecture, too, aimed to connect with the great outdoors. Take Pierre Koenig’s glass-fronted Stahl House, built high in the lush Hollywood Hills and famously photographed by Julius Shulman in the Sixties. LA-based husband-and-wife design team Charles and Ray Eames produced furniture in organic, sculptural shapes. Their home was modern yet cosy with wood-lined walls, a profusion of plants, rugs, cushions and exotic ornaments bought on their travels. They weren't averse to homely clutter, and their taste still influences interiors today. In modern mode: cactus vase, £40; Soren 5 shelving unit £429; Soren magazine table, £150; Hendrick chair, £499; Soren coffee table, £199; Astrid cushion, £30; Felix rug, £160. All from the Palm Springs collection, new for summer at John Lewis John Lewis’s colourful new Palm Springs collection, named after the Californian city where mid-century architecture thrived, channels this spirit. The 300 pieces, including furniture, lighting and rugs, available from late summer, demonstrate the style’s enduring popularity. The range’s many stylised plant and animal motifs, including owl-shaped vases, echo the mid-century period’s love of nature. “Soft, rounded shapes are presented in dark wood, glass and brass, while the textiles nod to the vibrant colour, plants and environment of the Palm Springs region,” says Philippa Prinsloo, head of design at John Lewis. Read more How to kit out your first home for 80% less than high street prices Update your home for summer with fabulous florals The 10 best homeware designs of the 20th century — yours from £16 The informal vibe has also inspired Martin Waller, founder of Andrew Martin, which stocks California-style Truman armless sofas while Atkin and Thyme’s Californian-style furniture includes the Newton sideboard, made in mango wood with brass-plated handles. American designer Jonathan Adler’s L-shaped Malibu sofa evokes Hollywood glamour, while his funky needlepoint cushion spelling out “San Francisco” recalls Sixties flower power. Adler’s website also stocks Slim Aarons’ powder blue-tinted photo of The Beverly Hills Hotel. The Design Museum Shop is another source of Californian-themed products, many inspired by the state’s lush vegetation, including Finest Imagery coasters shaped like cheese plant leaves, and Arper’s outdoor Leaf chair. Other items tap into California’s original design heritage, including Eames chairs and Buckminster Fuller-style domes. California: Designing Freedom, until October 15, Design Museum, Kensington High Street, W8   Follow us on Twitter @HomesProperty, Facebook and Instagram More about: design news interiors Homeware Furniture Design Museum design Kensington Comments For Sale To Rent For Sale Location Type FlatsHousesBungalowsLandCommercial PropertyOther Beds No Min1 Bed2 Bed3 Bed4 Bed5 Bed Min Price Max Price To rent Location Type FlatsHousesBungalowsLandCommercial PropertyOther Beds No Min1 Bed2 Bed3 Bed4 Bed5 Bed Min Price Max Price Most Popular Sponsored Features Follow us: indy100 Evening Standard The Independent User policies Terms of use Community Guidelines Privacy policy Cookie policy Contact us Archive Partners: Residential Land All Topics
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Editors' Choice Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Facebook Twitter Search Search for Close Arrow_Path Plex NestCamIQ EssentialPhone MotoZ2Play HighTechCities Menu Home/ How-To/ How to Subscribe to a Podcast on iOS or iTunes How to Subscribe to a Podcast on iOS or iTunes By Lance Whitney June 1, 2017 08:00am EST 10 Comments You can subscribe to a podcast either through Apple's mobile Podcasts app or iTunes, but you'll want to follow certain steps to make it work right. Apple's iTunes offers an army of podcasts covering a wide range of topics. If you want to subscribe, you can use Apple's Podcasts app on your mobile device or iTunes on your computer. The trick is to choose the right subscription settings and make sure those settings are in sync on your iPhone or iPad and on your computer. Here's how. Let's first subscribe to a podcast via the Podcasts app, which comes built-in to iOS. Open the app and tap on the Featured button at the bottom of the screen to browse "new and noteworthy" podcasts or shows by category. Tap the Top Charts button to see the top-ranked and most popular podcasts. Tap on the Search button to search for a particular podcast by name or topic. Tap on a podcast that interests you. At that podcast's main screen, tap on the name of a specific episode to listen to or watch it by streaming it. Tap on the cloud icon next to the name of an episode if you wish to download it so you can listen to or watch it offline. After the episode has downloaded, tap Play. If you like a podcast, you can subscribe to it by tapping the "Subscribe" button. This means each new episode is downloaded as it becomes available and shows up in your list of podcasts. Do this for each podcast that interests you. Now tap on the My Podcasts button at the bottom of the screen. From the list of podcasts, tap on one to which you subscribed. Tap on the Settings icon (the one that looks like a gear). Here you can control your subscription. Under Settings, tap on the "Play" option to determine if you want to play the episodes from newest to oldest or vice versa. Tap on the "Sort Order" option to determine whether episodes are displayed from newest to oldest or oldest to newest. Keep the "Subscribed" button turned on. Turn on the "Notifications" button to be notified when a new episode debuts; otherwise turn it off. Under the "On this iPhone" or "On this iPad" section, tap on the "Refresh Every" setting to determine how often you want the app to check for new episodes. Tap on "Limit Episodes" to control how far in the past you wish to go back to access previous episodes. The "Download Episodes" option determines how far back you wish to download old episodes. And "Delete Played Episodes" lets you control whether you want the app to delete episodes you've already heard or watched. If you want to delete podcasts manually, you can swipe left and tap "Delete" to get rid of them one by one. To delete several at once, select Edit on the top right, tap the circle next to the podcasts you want gone, and select Delete at the bottom of the screen. Subscribe on iTunes Alternatively, you can subscribe to podcasts using iTunes. Launch iTunes on your computer and make sure it's pointing to the App Store. Tap on the drop-down menu that lists the various types of content and tap on the entry for Podcasts. You can now browse available podcasts or search for specific ones by name or topic. Tap on a podcast that interests you and then tap on the Subscribe button to order up a subscription. Tap the Library link at the top of the screen to move to your iTunes library. Tap the drop-down menu that lists the various types of content and select the entry for Podcasts. Tap on the Settings icon to customize settings for each podcast. Finally, you'll want to sync your settings so you can listen to or watch any of your subscribed podcasts either on your mobile device or your computer. With iTunes open, connect your iPhone or iPad and tap on its icon. Then tap on the Apply or Sync button. Your podcasts and their settings should now be synced between the Podcasts app on your device and iTunes on your computer. For more, check out: How to Take a Free Apple Product Workshop How to Share Your iTunes Library Among Multiple Devices How to Manually Add and Organize Albums in iTunes How to Turn On Apple Two-Factor Authentication How to Use Apple Support How to Cancel Apple Music Back to top Previous : How to Sync Notifications Between Windows 10 and Your Phone By Lance Whitney Freelancer Surviving a long and varied career in publishing, advertising, and IT, Lance Whitney now wears a few different technology hats. By day, he's a journalist, software trainer, and sometime Web developer. By night, he's asleep. These days, he writes news stories, columns, and reviews for CNET and other technology sites and publications. He;s written two books for Wiley & Sons: Windows 8 Five Minutes at a Time in 2012, and Teach Yourself VISUALLY LinkedIn in 2014. Contact Lance via Facebook, Twitter, or LinkedIn. More » More Stories by Lance How to Sync Notifications Between Windows 10 and Your Phone Appointments and notifications you set up in Windows 10 can also pop up on your smartphone. More » How to Hide (or Delete) Your Most Annoying Facebook Friends Want to break up with one of your Facebook friends? You can unfollow, block, or unfriend that person... More » How to Troubleshoot Problems in Windows Via Event Viewer Windows Event Viewer isn't the most user-friendly tool; here's how to make it work for you. More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles How to Protect Your Privacy in Windows 10 10 Inventors Who Made No Money on Their Inventions 10 Seriously Bizarre PC Designs The Biggest Software Flops of All Time 9 Creepy Sounds Recorded in Space by NASA 14 High-Tech Cities You'll Want to Call Home »See More //Discover... The Best Laptops of 2017 26 Google Maps Tricks You Need to Try 19 Hidden Roku Tricks for Streaming Success »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com Speedtest.net PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. We have updated our PRIVACY POLICY and encourage you to read it by clicking here. ×
Content. Tech. Community. Attitude. SIGN IN facebook twitter linkedin googleplus rss Events Awards Webinars Jobs Advertise Sponsored Content Topics Programming Regulation Distribution Tech Screenster Data The Magazine Cablefax Daily Latest Issue Subscribe Free Trial Video Series Sign Up Search Log In Topics Screenster Data The Magazine Cablefax Daily Video Series Sign Up Events Awards Webinars Jobs Advertise Sponsored Content Search Apple Vets Launch Rheo Video Platform Distribution By Alex Silverman | May 31, 2017 | With two former Apple veterans at the helm, Rheo today launches as a new social video platform aimed at bringing users short-form videos based on their personal tastes and viewing habits. In a crowded marketplace of digital video platforms, Rheo’s selling point is that it curates videos for each user based on what they watch, skip, boost (the “like” equivalent) and share. It also takes trends and time of day into account, as well as what mood the user indicates they are in. The Rheo interface is simple and offers a continuous stream of videos without having to search or scroll. It also allows users to record short video messages to other users that precede the video they are sharing with friends. Rheo is free to users at launch, with the company saying it will later settle on a model for monetization. While the company has a few specific content licensing deals with outfits like Refinery29 and Vimeo, the bulk of the content it curates is from open sources across the web. The two former Apple employees behind Rheo are Alan Cannistraro and Charles Migos. Cannistraro spent 13 years at Apple, where he helped create many of the company’s first iOS media apps, before spending almost three years at Facebook engineering mobile apps. Migos spent a total of 10 years at Apple, where he led the design team behind Apple News and iBooks. In between his two stints at Apple, he worked as a designer for Microsoft. Rheo raised $2.3 million in seed funding led by Massachusetts-based VC fund Accomplice last August, as well as an undisclosed amount from an angel investor last October, according to Crunchbase.com. The service is available on the web for PC and mobile, as well as on iOS and Apple TV. It seems Cannistraro and Migos don’t fall far from the Apple tree. share this article previous storyIntroducing 2017’s Cable TV Pioneers next storyMeasurement News Featured Stories <   > Featured Stories Technology Netflix CEO: Cord-Cutting “No Big Calamity” Technology CEO Wanted at TiVo Technology Voice Control: Cable Joins the Conversation Technology What Broadband Could Learn from Kale Technology Fast Fiber Technology Ooyala Sues Brightcove Over Trade Secrets Related Stories Technology Netflix CEO: Cord-Cutting “No Big… Technology Apple Vets Launch Rheo Video… Technology Introducing 2017’s Cable TV Pioneers The Latest Technology Bundle in the Jungle: Evaluating… Technology Future Investing: Industry Heavyweights Contemplate… Technology Effros: Net Neutrality Numerology A… Technology Latest Video – IFC’s Jennifer… Technology Apple Vets Launch Rheo Video… Technology Introducing 2017’s Cable TV Pioneers Technology High Flying: TiVo Shares Jump… Technology NBA Powers TNT To Primetime… Get cable industry news in your inbox, daily! Learn More or Sign In View All  <   > upcoming event Cablefax’s Top Ops Luncheon June 08, 2017 event TV Innovation Summit June 08, 2017 event FAXIES Spring Awards Breakfast June 09, 2017 View Full Calendar View All  Cable & Media Jobs   Senior Writer/Producer Viacom – TN   Senior Account Executive Ooyala – CA   Associate Vice President - Legal and Business Affairs NBA – NY Find a JobPost A JobResume Bank Free e-Letters Get industry eletters with news, tips and insights. Sign Up for the Magazine View All <   > cable flix View All <   > viewpoints Why 5G? Follow @Cablefax  <   > Twitter Cablefax @CableFAX #Yum On @FYI's new show "Scraps," chef @JoelGamoran makes delicious meals out of food waste. https://t.co/DL4R3BbgQ0... Cablefax @CableFAX Congrats FAXIES finalists @DiscoveryID @Bravotv @espn @oxygen @ovationtv @VH1 @LogoTV @Viacom @GolfChannel https... Cablefax @CableFAX Accelerate your recruiting efforts to attract the best people! Enter the Best Places to Work in Media today! https://t.c... Cablefax @CableFAX .@MTV is staying culturally relevant with new @Snapchat shows https://t.co/HBilQSUIaB... Cablefax @CableFAX Apple Vets launch @RheoTV https://t.co/ZKJ1CYpmfP... Cablefax @CableFAX 2017 FAXIES finalists include: @WEtv @NatGeo @NBCUniversal @hallmarkchannel @HBO @HISTORY @CNN @EpixHD https://t... Cablefax @CableFAX Former Cox CMO Joe Rooney has joined @Layer3TV as its new chief marketing officer. https://t.co/Kqk54n2LCa... Cablefax @CableFAX Does Title II impact investment? Opinions differ. https://t.co/lu1hULy6PT... Cablefax @CableFAX Free to nominate: Help us compile the list of incredible female execs who make a difference in the industry. https://t.c... Get cable industry news in your inbox, daily! subscribe Content. Tech. Community. Attitude. facebook twitter linkedin googleplus rss © 2017 Access Intelligence, LLC – All Rights Reserved. Advertise Advertise Print, Online & E-Letters About Cablefax About Cablefax Client Services Privacy Policy About Us / Contact Get Our Publications Get Our Publications The Magazine The Daily The Daily Mobile App The Daily Special Reports The Skinny TECH Jobs Listings Alerts Experience Cablefax Experience Cablefax Awards Events Webinars Video Series Industry Calendar Industry Organization Contacts Visit Our Sister Sites Visit Our Sister Sites Cynopsis Studio Daily Min Folio PR News
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Apple invents a new Integrated Microphone and Vibration Sensor to Provide Superior Headset Noise Cancellation | Main | HP and Others announce new Mobile 2-in-1 Devices with ARM Processors, Windows 10 & Always-On Connectivity » June 01, 2017 Sony Limits their Image Sensor Capacity to Give Apple and Three Chinese OEMs Priority for Image Sensors   According to a new report today we learn that Sony has given priority to Apple, Huawei, Oppo and Vivo for CMOS image sensor (CIS) capacity. Sony is shipping CIS to the top-3 China-based smartphone vendors for their high-end devices, while Apple remains its largest client, said the sources. With Apple's iPhone 7 Plus with its dual lens camera being a smash hit, being able to secure supply for image sensors is a must for Apple and Sony delivers.   A Digitimes report notes that Sony's limited availability has prompted other smartphone companies, such as Asustek Computer and HTC, to source CIS from other suppliers including OmniVision and Samsung, the sources indicated.   Samsung is supplying CIS mainly for its own smartphones. OmniVision is focusing more on the entry-level and mid-range smartphone segment whereas Sony specializes in CIS for mid- to high-end smartphones.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.     Posted by Jack Purcher on June 01, 2017 at 07:11 AM in 5. Apple News | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts HP and Others announce new Mobile 2-in-1 Devices with ARM Processors, Windows 10 & Always-On Connectivity Sony Limits their Image Sensor Capacity to Give Apple and Three Chinese OEMs Priority for Image Sensors Apple invents a new Integrated Microphone and Vibration Sensor to Provide Superior Headset Noise Cancellation Apple Advances their work on a 3D Virtual Character Creation App for Gaming on iDevices, Apple TV & future Headset News of Inventec Winning the Contract for Apple's version of a Home Speaker Device with Siri Resurfaces A Major Roundup of the Latest Samsung Smartphone Designs from the U.S Patent Office HP Chooses Microsoft's Cortana for their new Smart Home Speaker Device as Revealed at Computex The Day after the Essential 'Phone' Unveiling we take a Peek at their Patents and a Possible Future Project AMD Introduces Threadripper at Computex Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. Apple News 6A - Rumors, Supply Chain + 6B. Non-Apple Reports, Editorials, Opinons 7. Apple / Market Statistics 8. Apple Events & Financial News 9. 3D, Siri, Facial/Audio Biometrics Apple Accessories Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple Macs Apple Pay Apple Pencil + Apple Store Apple Watch AppleTV Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Haptics, Sensors & Tactile Maps/Indoor Mapping + Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Software + OS Wireless Charging See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Huawei Competitions GPS & Sat Nav Mobile Apps Mobile Phone Accessories Mobile Phones Tablets Wearables & Fitness Trending: Nintendo Switch OnePlus 5 iPhone 7 deals Galaxy S8 LG G6 iPhone 8 Home / News / Tablet News / Is Apple about to announce five new MacBooks? Is Apple about to announce five new MacBooks? by Joseph Carey 17 hours ago 0 shares Read Comments Apple has registered five new Mac computers ahead of a supposed WWDC reveal on June 5, if a new report is to be believed. French website Consomac (via) has posted an apparent regulatory filing, translated from Russian, and has noted the five ‘personal computer’ models running macOS that are supposedly launching soon. The apparent new Macs, known only as A1289, A1347, A1418, A1419, and A1481, are said to be new 13 and 15-inch MacBook Pro models. Why would Apple be debuting new Mac hardware? Well, it's suggested that the company will be including faster Intel Kaby Lake processors in order to win back fans that were disappointed with the specifications of the new MacBook Pro, released towards the end of last year. Related: WWDC 2017 It is also being suggested that the 12-inch MacBook will see an internal refresh, with Apple potentially considering updating the now archaic MacBook Air. What’s most interesting is the model A1843, labelled as a new wireless keyboard from the Cupertino based company. While there's no details on any of these devices, it could be that this new keyboard houses a Touch ID sensor that could be used with Mac desktop computers. That's not completely unfathomable, considering the MacBook Pro now has that functionality. Finally, there are also four models detailed in this leak that appear under ‘Tablet PC brand’, which could point to the launch of new iPads at the WWDC keynote. This filing seems to be in line with recent reports stating that Apple is ramping up laptop upgrades in order to battle back against Microsoft, which recently debuted its Surface Laptop – a direct competitor to Apple’s Mac line-up. Interestingly, there's no mention of Apple’s rumoured Siri speaker in this filing. However, it seems as though WWDC is going to bring a few new hardware announcements, something that the conference hasn't delivered since 2013. The WWDC keynote is taking place on June 5 at 10am pacific time, which is 6pm UK time. During the presentation we are sure to hear all the biggest announcements and, as ever, TrustedReviews will be keeping you up to date with all the latest developments. Related: MacBook Pro 15-inch (2016) review What announcements do you want to see from WWDC this year? Let us know in the comments. 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR More Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business Design All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Circuit Breaker Google Editorial The Essential Phone is an intriguing indulgence New, 78 comments by Vlad Savov@vladsavov Jun 1, 2017, 9:50am EDT share tweet Linkedin Essential Phone. Photo by Asa Mathat / Recode It’s often said, by people outside Silicon Valley, that people inside Silicon Valley spend all their time solving niche problems that only affect them. When the architect of Android, Andy Rubin, whipped out a new phone at the Code Conference this week, he did little to discourage that belief. His Essential Phone is made out of titanium and ceramic and costs a distinctly premium $699 — its reason for existence, by Rubin’s own account, is that he grew frustrated with the phones made by others and wanted to do better. In a market as saturated as the one for smartphones in the United States, I find Rubin’s new venture indulgent, both for him personally and for the people buying the phone, which certainly has the look and materials of a premium product. The Essential Phone is no threat to Apple and Samsung’s established duopoly, and Rubin’s team recognizes that, but what’s fascinating about this phone is that, even while remaining niche, it can set the blueprint for making devices in a new way. Essential Phone. Photo by Asa Mathat / Recode What I see when I look at the Essential Phone — as a product rather than as a pretty gadget — is the potential to establish a new manufacturing approach for smart devices. At present, economies of scale dominate the mobile industry — every Chinese company finding success in this market finds it by selling huge volumes at razor-thin margins. Apple and Samsung have carved out reputational beachheads for themselves, allowing them to charge a brand premium, but they too rely on tight vertical integration and supply chain control. Rubin’s Essential has none of that. It’s a comparatively tiny startup with less funding than Apple makes in iPhone sales every month. But these days being small is no longer a reason to give up (or, in Essential’s case, to not try at all). It seems like almost every week I’m discovering a new small-scale American company that’s finding profitability by producing a low volume of high-margin, premium goods. The classic example from the audio industry is Grado, a Brooklyn-based headphone manufacturer that’s still a family-run business, operating from the same location as it began many decades ago. But more recent examples abound, such as MrSpeakers, a company that got its start with just one man modifying Fostex headphones and selling his mods to an enthusiastic online community. If you can’t scale up like the big companies, do something unique that doesn’t scale Then there’s the (rare, but real) phenomenon of Kickstarter turning one or two good products into respectable companies, such as in the case of the Pebble smartwatch, the Oculus Rift, and the Peak Design bags and backpacks. Granted, two out of those three wound up being acquired by larger entities — and that might be the likeliest outcome for Rubin’s Essential company — but the point stands that being small is a more viable strategy with the help of the internet than it used to be. The lessons I’ve drawn from observing the US headphones industry is that the small companies that thrive do it by having some advantage that isn’t easy to scale up. A clever new way to make a self-repairing zipper with machinery? Forget about it, Chinese vendors will have it on Alibaba before you close your crowdfunding campaign. But what if your unique selling point is leather craftsmanship, or precise audio tuning, or some other skill that takes years to cultivate? Alternatively, you could opt for a sapphire crystal screen, as Vertu has done, or just use other fancy materials that nobody can afford to buy or produce in bulk. As Essential proposes to do. Essential Phone. Photo by Asa Mathat / Recode "This isn’t rocket science, it’s technology evolution." In his Code Conference interview, Andy Rubin readily admitted to Walt Mossberg that engineering a new phone "isn’t rocket science, it’s technology evolution." He doesn’t expect to have a unique selling point based on sheer engineering genius. But his advantage is that he and his team can dedicate all their energies to perfecting a phone with a titanium frame and ceramic back, knowing very well that they’d sell only a handful of devices. Ceramic has only ever made its way into limited edition phones — like the OnePlus Ceramic X — so its use necessarily puts a cap on manufacturing volume. Essential can also dedicate more time to investigating more exotic materials and securing less conventional supply sources. MrSpeakers, for example, stumbled upon nitinol while looking for something better than steel or aluminum for its headphone frame. Beyerdynamic, another headphone company, regularly piggybacks on orders from car suppliers: audio companies only ever need tiny amounts of metal to create their products, so they look at what’s being manufactured at scale for other industries and try to adapt it to their purposes. It’s the sort of resourcefulness that’s born out of constraints. For Apple, Samsung, and even LG, crafting a ceramic phone is a pointless adventure that would cost way too much to pursue, owing to their decision-making hierarchies and processes. But for a small outfit like Rubin’s Essential, it can be a passionate project of refinement that ends up delivering a number of desirable intangibles for the consumer. The Essential differentiator, if one proves to exist, is likely to be an intangible one The buyer of an Essential Phone would know, firstly, that it’s an exclusive piece of hardware, owing to its limited production. But that production is limited because it has higher-grade materials, so that’ll be a nice feeling, too. And finally, like every other small-scale operation, whether it be an independent clothes store, bookshop, or coffee house, it just feels more natural to buy from a company that still retains some measure of human scale. Vertu makes a big deal of the fact that you can call its phone support line and speak with the actual person that assembled your phone. Essential would be wise to pursue a similar level of intimacy and approachability with its forthcoming clientele, and Rubin seems conscious of that, too, describing it as "a very pro-consumer brand." The odds are stacked against Essential. Most smartphone buyers still walk into physical stores, where Essential has no presence, or grab whatever their carrier is serving up as the latest deal, which is another unchecked Essential box. But it’s evident that the product Rubin has created isn’t designed to win in the conventional fashion. The Essential Phone’s unlikely success would be built atop a new mode of operation for a smartphone manufacturer — it won’t be transformative for the entire industry, but it could set an interesting new blueprint for the mostly profitless Android vendors. Next Up In Tech Snapchat Spectacles are now available in Europe Andy Rubin’s Essential is looking into smart glasses with built-in camera Google plans to clean up the web with Chrome ad blocker next year The ZTE Nubia Z17 is the first phone that supports Quick Charge 4+ Silicon Valley comes out strong against Trump’s decision to abandon Paris agreement Intel predicts a $7 trillion self-driving future Now Trending Google plans to clean up the web with Chrome ad blocker next year Netflix cancels Sense8 after two seasons The fans got it right Three US states rebel against Trump's Paris climate agreement withdrawal California, New York, and Washington Tesla fires female engineer who made claims of ‘pervasive harassment’ Lawyer for the ex-Tesla engineer says her termination amounts to ‘retaliation’ Elon Musk steps down from Trump advisory councils over Paris climate decision Space ex Command Line Command Line delivers daily updates from the near-future. email address... Subscribe By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 29. The sidebar size is long. Loading comments... The Latest Snapchat Spectacles are now available in Europe by Ashley Carman Alphabet’s Waymo begins testing self-driving trucks by Rich McCormick Nintendo’s online Switch service will launch in 2018 and cost $20 a year by Rich McCormick 17 comments / new Trump used misleading job stats to justify pulling out of Paris climate agreement by Rachel Becker 7 comments / new Andy Rubin’s Essential is looking into smart glasses with built-in camera by Nick Statt 2 comments / new Google plans to clean up the web with Chrome ad blocker next year by Jacob Kastrenakes 28 comments / new Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars AI Analysis Siri Speaker a serious underdog as Apple outflanked by Amazon and Google Chris O'Brien@obrien June 1, 2017 6:29 AM Above: Amazon Echo Dot Image Credit: Khari Johnson With Apple reportedly moving closer to announcing its rumored Siri Speaker, the question now is whether the tech giant can gain a foothold in a market it has been surprisingly slow to enter. Being outflanked by Amazon with its Alexa-powered Echo and Dot and Google with its Home gadget seems like a surprising misstep for a company that has defined itself by being able to skate to where the hockey puck is going ahead of the rest of the pack. Of course, Apple has a rather stellar history of come-from-behind victories. The iPod wasn’t the first MP3 player; the iPhone wasn’t the first smartphone; and the iPad wasn’t the first tablet. They were just the best. Apple took concepts imagined and pioneered by others and refined them with the right combination of hardware and software to turn them into mass market phenomenons. Still, it’s not obvious the company can do the same with the Siri Speaker. According to the latest report from Bloomberg, Apple may announce the gadget at the upcoming Worldwide Developers Conference. Or it may not. Though the Siri Speaker seems to be headed into production later this year in either case. Bloomberg says the Siri Speaker would allow users to operate Apple’s HomeKit smart home services and other cloud-based services. And it will allow for some third-party integrations. Oddly, the Bloomberg story quotes sources saying that Apple believes its advantage may be the quality of sound from the speakers. It’s hard to judge without seeing or hearing Apple’s offering, but I’m not sure anyone is buying Home or the Echo because they think they’re the best speakers. Instead, it’s the quality of the voice recognition and reception and the array of services that matter. Someone gave me an Amazon Dot as a gift, and I’m continually amazed by how clearly it can pick up my voice commands and from how far away. What’s really going to make the difference is the cloud integration, and this is not Apple’s strong suit. At least not yet. Siri was the first voice assistant we knew, but I would argue that Alexa is now the best. Beyond that, Apple seems to have made several wrong turns on the road to the Siri Speaker. The company built Siri into the new version of Apple TV a couple of years ago, and the new device can connect to things like HomeKit. But you have to use the Apple remote as a microphone to activate Siri. That’s a pain, compared to the Dot or Echo, which let me just say something from my couch or from across the room. In any case, the new Apple TV has failed to catch on with consumers and has been steadily losing market share since its introduction. While I’m sure many would debate me on this, it could be argued that Apple’s focus on its smartwatch was also a distraction. Don’t get me wrong; Apple Watch has done fine. In terms of the smartwatch category, it is the undisputed king. The problem is that the smartwatch market is proving to be far more limited than expected. In December, eMarketer dramatically cut its forecasts for smartwatch sales, saying that wearables in general just weren’t making inroads with mainstream consumers. The firm said that 39.5 million U.S. comsumers used a wearable device at the end of 2016, far below its 63.7 million forecast. Looking ahead, eMarketer projects wearable penetration will grow to 21.1 percent by 2020, only a modest increase from the current 15.8 percent. “Before Apple launched its Watch, fitness trackers dominated the wearables space, and consumer surveys consistently found that tracking health and fitness was the main reason people were interested in wearables,” said eMarketer analyst Cathy Boyle, in the report. “They also reported high price-sensitivity. Without a clear use case for smart watches — which have more features than fitness trackers but significant overlap with smartphone functionality — the more sophisticated, expensive devices have not caught on as quickly as expected.” By contrast, eMarketer has become extremely bullish about the virtual assistant market. In a report released last month, eMarketer said 35.6 million Americans use a voice-activated assistant device. That has nearly closed the gap with the number of smartphone users, but with one crucial difference: Virtual assistants are red hot, with the number of users up 128 percent from the previous year. And eMarketer said that, for the moment, Amazon’s Echo speaker dominates with 70.6 percent of users. Google Home is number two with 23.8 percent. That is the reality Apple faces this year: A market with two heavy hitters that own almost 95 percent market share, who are investing huge sums in artificial intelligence and cloud computing and who have more extensive infrastructure in both. Can Apple do it? I certainly wouldn’t bet against it, despite the odds. Apple’s ecosystem remains a strong force when it comes to attracting and keeping consumers. Compared to Spotify, the company was late with its Apple Music streaming service, but it has still attracted millions of users and continues to grow rapidly. For the millions who don’t have a virtual assistant but have a home full of Apple products and already use Siri, buying an Apple voice-controlled speaker would seem like a no-brainer. Of course, much may depend on specifics like price. For me, the new Apple TV is still way too costly. Given that these devices have the potential to super-charge Apple’s services businesses, I would love to see Apple price them close to cost to get users like me to buy in and drive service revenue. That would be very unlike Apple. The company likes being known as the premium, not the cheap, option. But in a market where it’s going to be the underdog, using un-Apple like tactics may be the company’s best hope for success. VB Recommendations AI Weekly: Siri, please meet Alexa and Google Assistant Google confirms Chrome ad blocker coming ‘in early 2018’ AR/VR Weekly: Buying stuff in VR without facing … reality
facebook twitter instagram youtube ios android rss Network Stations Live on Change 93.7 FM Boston 105.5 FM Springfield 1440 AM Worcester 103.7 FM Providence Shows Kirk & Callahan Ordway, Merloni & Fauria Dale & Holley with Keefe Mut at Night WEEI Late Night Mustard & Johnson Network Stations Program Schedule ESPN on WEEI Kirk & Callahan   K&C - Interview with Rahsaan Yearwood 6-1-17 Ordway, Merloni & Fauria OMF - Fauria tries to emulate his radio hero...... Gary Tanguay, 6-1-17 Dale & Holley   ESPN's Michael Wilbon previews the NBA Finals with Dale, Holley and Keefe Weekend Shows   Red Sox Review with Chris Villani - Is David Price the next Carl Crawford? 5-28-17 Enough About Me   Ep. 59: Kirk’s Mailbag Get in touch with WEEI 93.7 FM Phone: 617-779-7937    Text: 37937    Red Sox Rob Bradford John Tomase Full Count blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Statistics Red Sox Radio Network Tickets Featured Story The day it became all worthwhile for Brian Johnson by Rob Bradford Latest Blog Posts Eduardo Rodriguez: Poor pitching, not bullpen tumble, was... Orioles 7, Red Sox 5: Reminders of the good Wade Miley, bad... Latest Columns Why is David Price making things so difficult? Orioles leave town, but thankfully their rivalry with Red Sox is here... Final Bal 7 Bos 5 Latest Audio Christian Vazquez Player Of The Game Interview 5-31-17 Brian Johnson Player of the Game Interview 5-27-17 Patriots Ryan Hannable It Is What It Is blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Tickets John Tomase Featured Story The Patriots needed Dont’a Hightower just as much as Dont’a Hightower needed... by Ryan Hannable Latest Blog Posts Tom Brady appears ready for NBA finals James White has already moved on from Super Bowl LI:... Latest Columns Enjoy Malcolm Butler while you can because it’s likely his last year i... Which recent, current Patriots players will deserve to be voted into t... Latest Audio MMQB's Peter King with Dale, Holley and Keefe MMQB's Peter King with Dale, Holley and Keefe Celtics Green Street blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Statistics Roster Tickets John Tomase Featured Story Warriors-Cavaliers NBA Finals illustrate how far away Celtics actually remain by John Tomase Latest Blog Posts Catching up with Celtics 2016 No. 16 overall pick Guerschon... Here are the Celtics’ links to the NBA finals Latest Columns How did Markelle Fultz lose to Yale? Let one of the Bulldogs explain a... If Gordon Hayward disastrously spurns Celtics, here are some potential... Final Bos 102 Cle 135 Latest Audio LaVar Ball with Dale, Holley and Keefe LaVar Ball with Dale, Holley and Keefe Bruins Ty Anderson Big Bad Blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Statistics Tickets Scott McLaughlin John Tomase Featured Story Don Sweeney's handling of Anders Bjork situation shows that he's... by Ty Anderson Latest Blog Posts Linus Arnesson leaves Bruins organization to sign in Sweden Bruins announce offseason dates, preseason schedule Latest Columns Ottawa's success doesn't validate, but rather highlights mis... Bruce Cassidy's success forced Bruins to make him full-time coach Final OT Bos 2 Ott 3 Latest Audio Bruce Cassidy with Dale, Holley and Keefe Bruce Cassidy with Dale, Holley and Keefe National The Mashup blog College Blog NFL NFL Draft MLB NBA NHL Auto Racing NCAA Basketball MLS - Revolution Golf Tennis MLB Nelson Cruz Leaves Game vs. Rockies with Hand Injury Jean Segura Leaves Game vs. Rockies with Leg Injury NFL Broncos Safety Will Parks Charged with Harassment, Domestic... Marshawn Lynch's Raiders Contract Reportedly Has $7.5... NBA Rihanna on LeBron James After Game 1 Loss: 'The King Is... Kevin Durant, Stephen Curry Light Up LeBron James,... NHL Jake Guentzel Sets NHL Rookie Record with Game-Winner in... The 10 Most Likely Trade Candidates in the NHL Offseason More National Sports Audio Kirk & Callahan Ordway, Merloni & Fauria Dale & Holley Mut at Night WEEI Late Night Weekend Shows Enough About Me Podcast The Real K&C Podcast Ever-Green Podcast #DORK Podcast Bradfo Sho Two Outs Podcast Latest Audio  ESPN's Michael Wilbon previews the NBA Finals with Dale,... NBA Finals finally tip off tonight... and the super-team... Dale, Holley and Keefe's Final Drive 06-01-17 OMF - Fauria tries to emulate his radio hero...... Gary... OMF - Fauria tries to emulate his radio hero...... Gary... Popular Audio  K&C - Paul Finebaum takes a shot at Kirk and Callahan and... K&C - Kirk confronts Trenni over missing his father's... Latest Podcast  Boston Sports 101 - Top 100 Guys Movies pt 2 Two Outs with Buck and Reimer Ep. 5: Why isn't there an active... Video All Video Original Video Patriots Red Sox Celtics Bruins Jimmy Fund WEEI on YouTube ESPN Boston Video Latest Videos LeBron James explains his embrace of injured Isaiah Thomas after Game 5 Brad Stevens says his team took a step forward but team hungry for more » VIEW MORE Latest From ESPN Boston Featuring the latest Red Sox, Celtics, Patriots, and Bruins videos » WATCH NOW Connect WEEI Live app WEEI Email Newsletters Mobile Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram Mobile WEEI.com RSS Center Podcast Center Download the WEEI Live App Subscribe to WEEI's daily newsletter <p>Your browser does not support iframes.</p> Twitter For an official list of WEEI radio hosts and writers on twitter, click here. Follow the station @WEEI Facebook Like WEEI, and the shows, on facebook by clicking here. Station Contests Station Events Community Events Larry Johnson Cartoons Jimmy Fund Radiothon Get My Perks Daily Deal My Email Offers Press Room Contact Us Save 20% on $25 Hibbett Sports eGift Station Events Amstel Xlight and WEEI at... Fri, 06/09/2017 6:00 PM Wise Snacks KCard Sat, 06/10/2017 5pm-7pm » More Events Contests Big Y's Ultimate Boston Baseball Experience! Your child could be an honorary bat boy or bat girl! Click here... Flonase Sensimist Giveaway Click here to enter to win a trip for 4 to Hawaii or a backyard entertainment package from Flonase... » More Contests Boston Red Sox Chicago White Sox Dustin Pedroia Tiger Woods Major League Baseb.. NBA Get alerts sent to your phone Sign up for the weei newsletter   WEEI>On Demand>>K&C - Tanguay says Tiger is addicted, Trump using his son as prop 6-1-17 Tweet Subscribe Download Share K&C - Tanguay says Tiger is addicted, Trump using his son as prop 6-1-17 Jun 1, 2017| K&C continue discussing Tiger Wood's DUI and also talk about Alex Reimer's article condemning Trump using his son as a prop. You Might Like Transcript - Not for consumer use. Robot overlords only. Will not be accurate. It's Kirk and Callahan. With Kurt Mann act and Gerry Callahan. And Sports Radio WEEI. Welcome what drug education loosely from Britain valuable wife crystal meth and UNC and because they went through exports were additional it's such a great job you can absolutely understand you know why do an hour. OxyContin or any that are you got diet pills I mean it was is that let's forget the heavy stuff like simple stuff that most people get addicted to that there's a diet pills or whatever under when I got my wisdom teeth out years ago I did you have a right title Cody went through days and that was not that was enough for me I've never craved any type of people in my life so. Thank god for that it would I happier times. And the Stanley Cup final. Having weaknesses not be as was it to take about thirty years ago and that's coatings you know fun. It was a seemingly Shepard on 9993 the southwest sports leader yet I have not too good list yes sure it is his quality rating on his serve has taken a seller Florida blissful we do too much people concerned and it might be as. If people can listen on line and we're driving people to be so Florida's I mean today. I believe they have the volleyball coach from Bonita springs but twice and twice a week yeah. A big win last week over the speech went Whitfield I was took honest arrow that 1513 game three won't believe it was an and some girls might play college. That's true that in a day at a couple of a transgender. Who. It's. Easy. And that is that hold it causes such as the voice of Jerry tang want us to the first hours talked about him but we asked him. What's going on gives knowing natural not like he's back now nothing zero today or changed your mind I mean last night I don't know Jerry I usually channels on my want your money you have to name to enjoy the first hour. Okay it was a little inspiring and I lied about did you come back. I don't know. You should do that for power he said to me we should talk what you for the first now we athletes I don't know I think it's your. You know the only stop and look at that you make me so I figured she licked my figures that are vomit personal growth he's found myself it's not deep throat my knuckles missed and so I don't. At no I'd that the motto China hands and that's true. I don't think I thought you're you're not a very good host in the first without. 7 o'clock. Okay Gibbons wanted to ask people the terrible that you say I don't know that I don't all I don't know why I got this morning ourselves well I'm not I'm not gonna handle my slowly gets you know we know he's on top of my god that we. I got to 5:5 I answered 1 am I going here in my car just drove here I don't know why I'm here I really don't so I should not think when we come back on your hearing indeed you make fun of me I felt sorry I didn't feeling like this team we think we're okay this TV thing might not work out that maybe you need to fall of actor plans that to me definitely factor. I think the TV things that he flew to hire this guy for us may be a fourth of July said Labor Day you're a bush some Daschle's gone global warnings to but you know you got some gonna pay the bills. And the bills are fine I mean it could anybody could easily would catch all flip plaza and I wait until I swear to god this is ten when she isn't expensive yet when I was high commitments I made that's when I was talking to me she's not as bad thing but. When I was talking emitting and I had no intention of coming on the show I was done I think that the other things I was too when I sent an island while you don't mind. Because I was thinking back. I was thinking back prior to the incident that we were having a great show twice been caught before he says the most like the most ever had on the radio see movies always rooted. And in central and Chris man x.'s lease for a babysitter but it's the way you're running the show yeah yeah numbers show it's possible. There's nothing the smartest thing we are talking runs the show and include. We'll talk to guys would you let's take some calls Wednesday you know moles on your side I don't know how true it targeted for. Looks like I'm side there Apple's. We'll start with Michael in Brookline and Michael. Rory mourning him say welcome back to Gary. But we've not had a single call from England once and we'd backed him he's the perpetrators of the random ideas. The techsters all of us to get walked out again I don't want this pollution. Over the breaks out by them what's up. Just protest somebody's going to be discipline in the votes that about a match. Students take care debate in duties and by the way I was I was Gary your mom services that I did not see him again I Tyson to a text. Sent three words sorry about forwards or what you mom that's it. These economics is a letter but I meant to you did that or I'm not complaining in Baltimore passed through there don't warrant while I didn't I didn't think I needed to get promoted to crack I think you know. A changer in Mitch. I shouldn't count that meet crying. It was a sad you cry cry. Sure but I let pride did you credit day the car like you left no no. Now maybe soaring rates in Omaha did you dollar range I don't know I was. When I left that day it was I was relieved. It was a new beginning claimed that Chris Curtis from doing his job apple will get to that might cause and you broke the following his job he promptly go ahead Michael. Well okay as far as he's if something goes America in early alcoholism in the depression only drugs India is a disease is that is that an addiction. And all of that. But choosing to give into it all of that is where it straight from the weakness comes. I that you might have alcoholism in the family and if you choose to get into it that to me is who went with a weakness comes at. Choosing not given to get help as. Tried it. That's where the strike comes. I mean he's an it was yours I don't know what's this I mean that's a thousand I mean it's just about anything you say about a child molester did not put them. On talk about that but the the communities he has to urge. To do that or the urge to cheat on your wife her but yes a weakness it's a cynic again and I hope we you know week people who don't give any time that we've really disagree I think it's just. But as is is cheap and is that hereditary. That's a good question that's why I think it's different weeks I think it's just it's putting on the choice they can do that makes cents. That's also count on us let's go to nick in Springfield and I love taking focus. On tablets of nick. I guess I don't. Go to America to Michael appreciate. Excellent extra wanted to touch on. The fanatic arm personally. And it kind of weakness spreading these that we yes I think comes with if breaking a cycle of golden gate here trouble choice or whatever it is and you know do an on again in the Russia you gotta Richard Daley cycle you know it is a weakness I think it it's a little more than we issued to break certain. Habits to have the strength to overcome the whole thing if that makes sense. The market to call somebody that's united week I just think that's and so on why somewhat answers axis of assaulting her feelings. Gonna cry to god. For can you have some sympathy staff has its massive city we know someone who gives in. To temptation and has the legal calling this week I just figured we Knebels Saturday it says that's why it is I think it is sickness bag but I don't think it sounds like you and that would have sympathy for some of those people I have a lot of sympathy for tiger what I that's the subject. Today by Felder and US finger painting a bigger picture broader rushing everybody battles this is week I don't and I and I don't like her I mean I know guys one of my best friends is an addict and he would use that as. Things get tough wasn't wrong when it helped that. I can't help I'm an addict and instead turn in the National League right I can't and hope I can. It it aside and you know what Garrick I think cute. He could've done with Kirk has done he could have stated I sober while I believe is different levels I just stopped drinking. And monitored anymore stopped taping with countered you view yourself but I don't know I've talked to get to vote treatment loses control actually try to miserable with a couple Beers that you didn't adequately and utter and would have incurred when you say couple in cycle for Colby. Then with the show and you don't do I'd bet that if you do that says you wreak Havoc at this point my life packet to sit down and have a beard and they'll think it would only forty early no. Really what happened lieutenant twelve. I've won ten years will have to study in the ozone she's. If I get two or three Abdullah have 220 Beers this point one no cuts and I can't do that. I could have on fourth of July or something like. Eight right. I am a Freddie sixty. Five ahead of the year and started a few good minutes I have another IE I'm afraid that I couldn't watch those not 1000. Polish policies and is well it and and yes I yes I do I worry about that and then go to the transition the harder stuff and you know I don't know pass on to some stupid no tolerance at this point though. I have to that your idea that will be his tells us. Also one beard has that same I was telling you about he would occasionally stop drink it just causes. Polyps would be so high it's going to draw I need to stop political week in any real excited whose record strategy let's go to dean in Providence they deem. A guy so I. Guess so yeah there's no way to try to get. Consciously thought about what could happen before you go I. Guess speaking from experience I'm 27 hits over. And not any kind of a thing happened late night. Actually shouldn't think oh my god can make it all I. You never thought you were doing something wrong when you go hmmm we'll. Yeah the blackout drinker and I had no knowledge. I'm what was going on what I was doing. So I disagree that it got maybe we write your case the united Tuesday night drove drunk whenever there were times right you should be doing. But it but I think tiger looks so completely I would never crossed his mind. Well this moral thing turn the cards should be doing is accused completely in the defense that you already don't make it we believe eight models he did make them our well he and then who knows how long you lose sleep. When the cops on a that means is that how I that he was he got the clock on dancing was I don't even high you get it's like wolf Wall Street drive round at the end of how we get it to him on leave his bar. In that can or in bad condition and they just let him go. Sanctions. I. It's so it. That's true those were instructions it was in the way he was wrong about that Aung what are we sure we don't usually left. Do I know knows the appointment was excited right. That could have been an incorrect inaccurate report as well like the reality of things we heard on day one. Everyone just assumed that report of him being drunk right. And Americans was right because he's been able to host the games in the past. A belligerent and advise. I've never really knew Rick and the Okie on the golf course has thrown the call girl wins sensationalize and in some form you would know we will win this tiger ever done was Lieberman but that position why I I don't know but I'd never heard I'd have you met tiger are meant to your right about now hung out of them all its -- here oh okay yeah PH he's very nice also that he reviewed wouldn't put it best as it is nice union shook his hand and ultimately the immediate security and all the way we joke is that. We never heard that type of behavior from your staff know your source of tigers they all know he's venom and he's arrogant and loop monopolies written not being put our need to sort of teams he's I think was heard. I don't know these belligerent I think Erica arrogant. Which and defiant. I pictured on these bit arrogant but I. Even that videos wade from say you know can just get this over with while usually position and he did say serve once that I heard some military upper saint respectful but at some point I was gonna went on to say enough he got can we go here. When he. He was in that context there was no way down he was the jagged guitar was comatose. Like wow here. Sweet honest you've got to. Under way. I maybe that's the take away and they came. Thought I mean I I too think he think he could have sex he'd be great centenary could have sat. Now if that moment right there if you put any news as it Guidant like the bank and if you put a minis on these drugs. It's a good point if you put it in a bed right then he'd be home Bruntlett him again so it was I don't think he'll speak at your house at that point. You can put it there's a guy that was definitely addicted to is like trying to do that can. Do to me the theories he's like this all day long. Wonder it is always Siegel press conferences and open golf courses in he must know and turn on off and well in the ghost whose kid's soccer game. So this is well you know this because. Listen addiction it's it's either driven by a pain during side correct. I think so yeah you have to medicate yourself to deal with the situation. I think that it's a combination of both I think this guy realizes there's like socks and he's medicating themselves self dedicating themselves to get through the day. Why are these just a guy who is it who has an addictive personality clearly there's stuff he's one of these guys who just needs you by the sex addiction thing and he's probably addicted to sex life. Who isn't coming out I might add to her back so much work it was awesome he had sex with mrs. I thought. You have to I birthday recently graduated happy 55. Have to 53 screw you if IE and my eye and we may have had it a month ago but in my have been dreaming and actually mean to him didn't have. I'm not sure viewers prove again and didn't have a birthday. The home. Why why would you mind if you take it. Italy and rolled around and Vegas that Bryant he's gonna say Brian what's going wrong. Well there there there are article. That's why I don't know why do you think that what do you say that. Now I know how great it does it does a bright guy does that I was sick of the same thing in some form when you went the other day guys here this. Or album right. Oh auto bigger and there are. Geez. Where it's so I I'm more instruments oh and yeah I didn't Turkey and him alone won't know. I'm glad I don't I mean at that attack but Tiger Woods seems to be to be a guy who's the press mentions he would not be surprised at all the ads for months I hope it does between now he's not a project at Roland and Iran's screwed up as you maybe heard and maybe that's. What's that word that's represented there is trouble Lola and is one thing we can safely say but tiger. This ninth position he likes that are in this ex pats actually is news as witnessed someone I don't wanna read this was his proclivities because he's a sick man man who likes. He's he's kept a disease it's intellectually certainly feels. And on any was surprising thing on when he's rest he was on pavement because the often likes dirt road is a oh that is a good answer Batman and I was right agreement Felger in that. When you say outside of weakness you know like make excuses you give them out how much are noisy we're talking with your folks got tied up I was looking at is every. What type everybody usually everybody has a weakness it's some I don't see tiger whacking him so. Now I don't think so what he whacks himself let us know he's realizes this as sons to Graham model for an Clinton. She uses for the go or so with both tiger I think I think that's that's fine tiger on his own ball would you agree would you be surprised at all if tiger's actually. A drug addict and was addictive it's not now not mean to pick up fuel before it actually talked about it much force and more reason Rush Limbaugh was doing fifty. As a perk sensitive we do this every box he's not oxy oxy code bill yes colleague. OxyContin. I'm Melissa did did you Cox he comes stronger oxy code own these perks and yet my mom's taken for. Can you just double check we asked this drug habit again took a fifteen day. Did he show spoke publicly of the show pre I was today alone. And function completely I'm always amazed at people like tiger or Tiger Woods you know obviously screwed up but what was it last week feel oppressed aren't you open course. In a couple altered its right at a thirty minute press conference and was tiger and it was kind of fun team go live in the interview to the masters with the champions dinner right on his right state. Do you think that he actually take in managed to get to that level. I don't. Be divorced and Archie Arnett as I loved campaign refuses would you drink right you have to. We knew drink sometimes you have to drink too much just to get back to normal we're just out rocking to some extent. Maybe not I eat because he's like he's he's you know he's a guy was that is as a regiment of perfectly. To me I mean look at two nights ago. That's where he may have screwed up for whatever reason but I think it's the first time he's out blacked out. Behind the wheel yes couldn't even drive overalls maybe now possibly Richard hull only because I think that he has said it keeps up just to feel normal and you haven't done and I've done those spot after surgeries and you know and dental surgery in these slang and watch TV like herpes it was probably taken minutes before it did a press conference at the weird. I've from him it's like he's this massive complex by himself it's art he's on the rugs all the time whacked out that this weird like you know. Joan Crawford existence and Rush Limbaugh was fifty OxyContin pills Purdue. Every time. Russia I'm not sure I believe that's in let's unlock it for our radio show by himself on for three straight three hours I himself. And he who writes a newsletter army vessels blocked. Okay I'm with you I don't believe I mean I know that's that's that that's the story I don't lead at fifty mile cousins and hours and hours of bad guy that's true you can't know causes constipation. Well a lot of positive influence on me you Tiger Woods you know he's could be the new spokesman Pasquale party. They know each fruit can't figure out who they might need I don't wanna talk about that that there were polls mean what. The one thought of her. Do when that. They can and don't put their feet up was not repulsive somebody else. She's makes me sick liked where they harm the Hulk I was on the war. Lead with other Hillary Clinton berries and could be you know. Elle MacPherson might be kind of what your what I I am trying to pay bail is why I'm here squatting potty bailed out Arlen Kathy Griffin both foresee and ended. And I was I just thought it was some lacks the reverse them and you heard the swears he told us yet and Alan I have. Princeton prof talk from an ounce of self image to be spokesperson for I don't want apartment you I was vibrator. While. I do you accept that sixth. Well it tells Lindsay hey cal. Okay yeah you know. You know like I. Want. To and I missed so much welcomed every. I assume is perfect putt seats on someone's neck you very much for. Our. May sit stroke golf and Oakland no doubt that you have to recheck what RW EI. Records. I can appreciate these two guys have sucked the first start to carry them an incredible first our guys have been terrible and sixty you don't say this is what drives you crazy I can raises him. This is one of the things it truly pisses me off about the east. They never had a bad show that's true never dead on true. It's K it's never that Curtis I'm not talking union candidates out there was cited it's it's never them which is there. Whip. When something goes Walt Walt Jerry's its navigation very ever admitted. That he's had a bad show. When staffer posts the soldiers a year on this never I never it otherwise our guys of course are shown that shows up we see I don't have tunnel that goes fault it's that many days does follow its everybody is it I know that either I that you never listened to the shore I don't that he CUNY you'll be in commercials. Opt I coming here for a phone like an hour it's already my fault trees I might fall it's not your fault the show's fine that you are kind of argent he's a better and half hours we can you guys are reasons some decent topic you don't step right up and you are you an addict. No I call I mean you're you're you are a bit of food I think he's on there's no question or depression in men with a sell by eat. There's no question that is gaining side because I do think like tiger I've said before you would not be surprised dolphins shocked him. You have depression issues. He'd lot's happened beauty no honor everybody's your that guide a project to project in my death that's true. You we were sitting area that was going to be long about it and I just see that's an inevitability they just out of the blue tang was and live for. Worry about only look at all that and I deadly toll was ninety mama 84 when he talked and you think you got the longtime Obama is a world class and alzheimer's so I am just stating it was an adult who policy. Update. That's what you think you try this and I 7937. You magic act eager to Jerry's take a victory lap he produced yesterday I disagree jewel writes. We played Al Franken sound we get back edge in this Jerry likes but they good. Ministry and popped and the right decision could bust nine Jones including minister. I don't think you like that more yes slots yes ugly argument would do that story more. Headlines with Gary and next week returns Kirk. Sports Radio WEEI. I'm doing what we're doing bud. Afraid to do anything. Not afraid it. Should go back some Roemer to that's Alec young man reached. And you heard Al streamer on the show Jerry I have you like summer I do. That could be attempted well a lot. Okay and your boss in the cast the coach. I traded a great job or should know. You know I do amoeba even cherry stated he should try surprised at Chicago vibrant as the holder of the back Aston. I was in a dead set against making her cry is that is Kirkland there since I'm not sixth. I'm not I would have a sabres for the war that we had a guy I shall and obviously you could tell she was crime. Could not on the record and are you that you couldn't tell issues about the crossbow and and you went in for the kill let's Sweden or what frank kill the whole we like it I'm Sasha needing to escort relief. She could laugh she wanted reckoning incision if you don't like should Orleans she's tougher than just politics going on there. Past that's why you know she I I get him she is definitely much talking at all anymore on cast she has more patient sees she will hang it. Right she didn't I genre and I leave the room to what you stand alone jarred it sucks completely that was certainly senator right. Sox not completely new security major charities who works music you know I mean you know but we actually yeah actually yeah actually so we reviews and I loved your piece of some opportunities fund and out. Reports out he actually points right on Jerry Jim yes you wrote to basically parity what I said during the show. Which is at the idea that you know Rhode president trump using drugs prop is ridiculous although he went further and said there was one. His followers truck supporters want Hillary Clinton killed is what he wrote yesterday yes at this Jesus outskirts of its opened its over the top which is why we like Alex and it only makes these ridiculous comparisons like when actually stupid. Sarah Palin targeted certain congressional districts right it's a solid violent imagery you to target nothing congressional district. Gabby Giffords gets shot that's unfortunate had nothing to do Sarah Palin. The compared that to holding up the bloodied severed and the president is also fake outrage nobody was actually outraged by Kathy Griffin doing extra including you. Nobody wants you just want to be outraged about things he was import race if you do something a Twitter for Dayton you outraged by it. It's OK I just had a parade can even if you're not offended by this than LC and independently and were you offended by I'm not offended by anything. But if you have an offense offense meter yes and it went into the the read from right yes but here's is a time magazine as it was a fun. This is from time magazine which doesn't really exist anymore that people right on line and obviously. The average standards are pretty low and this writer Jenna Ellis talked about them. Kathy Griffin says. I've seen all manner of social media outrage in the past 24 hours and the three main contentions. That this hate speech it's criminal. Or it's treasonous there's a lot of people say somebody's somebody's show me guess where someone says that was. Criminal. Or treason like our team fugitive grew a tortoise or somebody sensational people with eight follower site result saying OK some Mac I want you don't know so I'm not some critics and concerns by some conservative web site as a conservative thinks it's criminal who its conservative. Would like to arrest to treat direct trees better treason. And Irish life's response to present would be criminal but Wright Ayers but you know like we we all know she's the right to say it would be we understand let's move on with the challenge so stupid that's a cop out we knew of no ideas when your board of ideas is say. And has a right to say it's a First Amendment right. Mean nobody nobody wants her arrested and jailed that's. The ultimate straw dog now extinct because we strumming a new New Hampshire state rat. Said the Clinton should be shot for treason Alex thinks that this makes that that's comparable to Kathy Griffin communication who cares if blizzard isn't. It's all the same stuff I was outraged either and it's a solid at least. If you had to sit and look. We laugh on a lot of things people left a lot of bad things people laugh at things are gonna occur I can't leave them laughing occurs it's deceit she did and it's it's not funny. You know to just not funny it is she isn't she is not funny I agree she but the point is she is he was she was with Brooke Shields on the show and general. With that but here's specimen he's seeking Susan here's something interesting. And take away from this is that she thought. In her mind in a bubble. That this is acceptable as I said you'd adultery is private right by Al Franken her nine friends Joy Behar Al Franken. That's who she has in mind that's her audience a child doesn't consider it. But Jerry and consider the broader audience police sent it to a marine is the post right now she sent the picture teams. She spent the option pitch issues just I am this is gonna go national and I'm gonna be viewed as a G Ryan Block and I can see people. I can see her thinking right that's like an unbelievable and have been big creating my Valdez. I'm recent our recent that was the idea mocked heartedly that stop that without them. You know me I stick with it I really doubt you know once I've been uncommitted yes I take it to the wall Jordan look over to farce of puzzle piece like when you're chopping up garlic. Like what the killers. When I was walking your dog doggie. Dare witch project this team I can see I could see her. Sitting in her studio whatever and thinking this would be a good idea I think a lot of people go through that process and and once it goes out you know. Talk about insult us. Having you just it was bruised you're good and bad hair different that was just spur of the moment I was react its sound intellectual is that it was a as the clock cleaned it out she sent to the DMZ they had someone to take the fake hand and put blood on his eye on but yeah that's good when she almost somebody's figured it was a good idea at the time almost I can't think that we should there be for the Charlotte hey let's get in trouble let's call earnings of pitch that's nuts like we'd like I read that idiots that's not how Warren Johnson and Moore finally. More on yesterday. So between music how many people had no probably Gerry Callahan talking politics for years. Are now it should be mad out she writes about losses or Jerry. Shirk so people would Maddon talked about don't know about emotional at all at all I mean almost like. This person who we work with thinks. You could come on and it's espouse conservative. Frank opinions principals. No problem but a liberal goes on and old all hell breaks loose. I mean that's someone that likes. Like Kathy Griffin did not think you can stick to handing out the football predictions that it gives the sheets of and I might these we have to get this connect with a story at 6177797937. What the couple I want someone tell me how this is a good thing that this year would character I think Kerry tegra might be an average cannot tell me how this is a good thing and I was Sussex in middle of the transistor this freshman from this Connecticut freshman high school freshman look at him with a penis is. Dominating. Went up and girls track yes she's a hundred meter 200 meter champ when we come back and just kind of what I want you to celebrate that for us if you record well let me. News & Analysis Recommended Columns Blogs Teams + John Tomase06/01/17 01:13 pm EST Warriors-Cavaliers NBA Finals [..] - John Tomase06/01/17 01:13 pm EST Warriors-Cavaliers NBA Finals illustrate how far away Celtics actually [..] If you need a reminder of exactly how far away the Celtics are from winning a title, [..] + John Tomase05/31/17 01:24 pm EST How did Markelle Fultz lose to [..] - John Tomase05/31/17 01:24 pm EST How did Markelle Fultz lose to Yale? Let one of the Bulldogs explain ahead of [..] The knock on Markelle Fultz -- that he only won nine games in college -- has been [..] + Ty Anderson05/31/17 12:26 am EST Don Sweeney's handling of Anders [..] - Ty Anderson05/31/17 12:26 am EST Don Sweeney's handling of Anders Bjork situation shows that he's getting better [..] It was the most patient and respectful game of tug-of-war you’ll ever see. Played [..] + Ryan Hannable05/30/17 11:06 pm EST The Patriots needed Dont’a [..] - Ryan Hannable05/30/17 11:06 pm EST The Patriots needed Dont’a Hightower just as much as Dont’a Hightower [..] FOXBORO — On Tuesday night, Dont’a Hightower hosted an event to promote [..] + John Tomase05/30/17 01:42 pm EST If Gordon Hayward disastrously [..] - John Tomase05/30/17 01:42 pm EST If Gordon Hayward disastrously spurns Celtics, here are some potential Plan [..] You know what they say about the best-laid plans: sometimes they're ruined by an extra [..] + Rob Bradford05/27/17 08:02 pm EST The day it became all worthwhile [..] - Rob Bradford05/27/17 08:02 pm EST The day it became all worthwhile for Brian Johnson At 12:45 p.m., just more than three hours before he was to make his first Fenway Park [..] + Full Count06/01/17 10:50 pm EST Eduardo Rodriguez: Poor pitching, [..] - Full Count06/01/17 10:50 pm EST Eduardo Rodriguez: Poor pitching, not bullpen tumble, was problem in loss BALTIMORE - The start was so out of character for Eduardo Rodriguez this [..] + Full Count06/01/17 09:47 pm EST Orioles 7, Red Sox 5: Reminders of [..] - Full Count06/01/17 09:47 pm EST Orioles 7, Red Sox 5: Reminders of the good Wade Miley, bad Eduardo Rodriguez BALTIMORE - The good news for the Red Sox is that Carson Smith will be [..] + It Is What It Is06/01/17 09:27 pm EST Tom Brady appears ready for NBA [..] - It Is What It Is06/01/17 09:27 pm EST Tom Brady appears ready for NBA finals Just like the rest of the world, Tom Brady is ready for the NBA finals. The [..] + Big Bad Blog06/01/17 06:07 pm EST Linus Arnesson leaves Bruins [..] - Big Bad Blog06/01/17 06:07 pm EST Linus Arnesson leaves Bruins organization to sign in Sweden The already busy Bruins will have one less signing to worry about this summer, [..] + Full Count06/01/17 06:04 pm EST John Farrell insists Andrew [..] - Full Count06/01/17 06:04 pm EST John Farrell insists Andrew Benintendi is not a platoon player BALTIMORE - Like Dustin Pedroia, Mookie Betts and other highly-touted Red Sox [..] + The Mashup06/01/17 04:40 pm EST Regardless of Finals result, [..] - The Mashup06/01/17 04:40 pm EST Regardless of Finals result, LeBron James has already cemented legacy as sports’ best spokesman When LeBron James steps onto the court for Game 1 of the NBA Finals Thursday, [..] + Red Sox05/27/17 08:02 pm EST The day it became all worthwhile [..] - Red Sox05/27/17 08:02 pm EST The day it became all worthwhile for Brian Johnson At 12:45 p.m., just more than three hours before he was to make his first Fenway Park start, [..] + Red Sox 05/25/17 03:10 am EST Why is David Price making things [..] - Red Sox 05/25/17 03:10 am EST Why is David Price making things so difficult? David Price didn't do his job Wednesday night. It had absolutely nothing to do with the [..] + Patriots05/30/17 11:06 pm EST The Patriots needed Dont’a [..] - Patriots05/30/17 11:06 pm EST The Patriots needed Dont’a Hightower just as much as Dont’a Hightower needed the Patriots FOXBORO — On Tuesday night, Dont’a Hightower hosted an event to promote diabetes [..] + Patriots 05/25/17 11:14 pm EST Enjoy Malcolm Butler while you can [..] - Patriots 05/25/17 11:14 pm EST Enjoy Malcolm Butler while you can because it’s likely his last year in New England FOXBORO — After Malcolm Butler stayed with the Patriots following a difficult offseason [..] + Bruins05/31/17 12:26 am EST Don Sweeney's handling of Anders [..] - Bruins05/31/17 12:26 am EST Don Sweeney's handling of Anders Bjork situation shows that he's getting better by the day It was the most patient and respectful game of tug-of-war you’ll ever see. Played by [..] + Celtics06/01/17 01:13 pm EST Warriors-Cavaliers NBA Finals [..] - Celtics06/01/17 01:13 pm EST Warriors-Cavaliers NBA Finals illustrate how far away Celtics actually remain If you need a reminder of exactly how far away the Celtics are from winning a title, turn on [..] Get alerts sent to your phone Sign up for the weei newsletter Network Stations Our station affiliates for original programming and game broadcasts: » WEEI Network Stations » Red Sox Radio Network WEEI Features Check out great daily deals with potential savings of more than 50%! » My Email Offers » WEEI Events » Community Events WEEI Mobile Access WEEI.com on your mobile device anytime, anywhere. Get the details. » WEEI Live App » Mobile Alerts from WEEI » Podcast WEEI Daily Mashup Sign up to receive WEEI's Daily Mashup Newsletter to have Boston sports news, audio on demand, LJ Cartoons and the Perks Daily Deal delivered to your inbox. Contests If Boston hits a Grand Slam Home Run on the 99th pitch thrown to a Boston batter, you could win big! Sign up today for Cumberland Farm's 99k Grand Slam Giveaway! Advertise With Us We will uncover your marketing needs, establish a reasonable budget and deliver results. Click here to advertise with us » Preferred Sponsors Facebook & Twitter Are you on facebook? Click here to view the WEEI facebook page and become a fan! You can also follow us on Twitter by visiting our page & subscribing to our RSS feed. WEEI Newsletters WEEI offers a variety of email newsletter subscriptions for Clubhouse Insiders. Check out our list of newsletters offerings here. Clubhouse Insider Join our exclusive listener club for access to the WEEI Stream, your chance to win great prizes, and to receive WEEI Newsletters. - Already a member? Log-in Whine of the Week Click here to listen to the past winners of the Whine of the Week and vote every Thursday night starting at 7pm for a chance to win prizes! WEEI Podcast Center Visit our Podcenter to subscribe to your favorite WEEI shows, Boston teams, and even the Whiner Line!. WEEI.com Partners WEEI will uncover your business’ marketing need, establish a reasonable budget with you to invest that will deliver results. » Preferred Sponsors LEEINKS Blog This blog is one-stop link shopping from Rob Bradford & Company. It is the hottest videos, stories, and rumors from around the web. Check it out.   Privacy Policy | EEO Public Files:Boston - Providence - Springfield - Worcester | Jobs | Contact us | Contest Rules | Community Events | Advertise with us | Press Room | Entercom | Stations | Site Map | Copyright Notice | Image Use | Terms of Use | Public Inspection File | Public Inspection File - Help   Copyright © 2017 Entercom Boston, LLC All Rights Reserved.  
