Share 1 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2016-11-23 The Best Thanksgiving-Themed TV Episodes And Movies On Netflix, Hulu, And Amazon This Holiday Season Entertainment 2016-11-23 Emma Watson Passes ‘Harry Potter’ Baton To Eddie Redmayne As ‘Danish Girl’ Star Kicks Off ‘Fantastic Beasts’ Movies Entertainment 2016-11-23 Woman Crush Wednesday — Alicia Silverstone: From ‘Clueless’ Star To Nude Photos For PETA Entertainment 2016-11-22 Shannen Doherty Confirms ‘Heathers’ TV Land Role, Will Winona Ryder Join In? News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2016-11-23 Vanessa Marcotte Update: Investigators Receive New Tips In The Massachusetts Jogger Murder News 2016-11-23 Johnthony Walker: Tennessee School Bus Driver Asked Kids If They Were ‘Ready To Die’ Before Crash That Killed Five, Victim’s Mother Claims Opinion 2016-11-23 Fifth Harmony Follows In The Dixie Chicks’ Footsteps By Mixing Success And Politics [Opinion] News 2016-11-23 Two Airlines Hit With Pilot Strike: Lufthansa Cancels Almost 900 Flights While DHL And Amazon Shipments Could Be Delayed Over Black Friday Weekend Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Soccer 2016-11-23 Europa League Preview, Manchester United Vs. Feyenoord: Prediction, Starting Lineups, And Live Streaming Wrestling 2016-11-23 WWE News: Goldberg ‘Survivor Series’ Win Was All About Shocking The ‘Smart Marks’ Soccer 2016-11-23 Champions League Preview, Borussia Monchengladbach Vs. Manchester City: Live Stream, Prediction, Starting Lineups, And Betting Tips Sports 2016-11-23 NFL Picks Week 12: Thanksgiving Day Schedule Favors Dallas Cowboys, Pittsburgh Steelers Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Flyer Includes 16 Items Currently Available On Sale Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Trident Lakes: Subterranean Doomsday Prepper Village Being Built In Ector, Texas Lifestyle 2016-11-06 What’s Open On Veterans Day 2016 And Where Can Vets Get A Free Meal On Friday? Lifestyle 2016-11-05 When Does The Time Change? Daylight Saving Time Ends, But Not For Everyone Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2016-11-22 Turkey Safety: Guidelines To Dish Up A Fowl – Not Foul – Holiday Bird Health 2016-11-20 Prostate Cancer Second Opinions: Alternate Advice Might Not Force Treatment Change Health 2016-11-19 Microbes On ATM Keypads Come From Human Skin And Food, Study Says Health 2016-11-19 Zika No Longer A World Public Health Emergency, Claims WHO: Outraged, Brazil Says Chances Of Epidemic Still High Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2016-11-23 ‘Pokemon GO’ Ditto Sightings, Nearby Features Updates: Sightings Not Working Properly? Gaming 2016-11-23 ‘Watch Dogs 2’ DLC Will Not Follow ‘Assassin’s Creed’ Trend, Says Ubisoft Gaming 2016-11-23 ‘Pokemon Go’: Exact Release Date Of Generation Two, Starbucks-Pokemon Partnership Revealed? Gaming 2016-11-23 PS4 Pro Vs. PS4: Pros And Cons Of Upgrading To Sony’s New Gaming Console BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2016-11-23 Watch Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade Online, Mobile Apps, NBC TV: New Balloons, Floats, Celebrities Kick Off The Holiday Season On Turkey Day BuzzWorthy 2016-11-23 Repo Man Tows Elderly Couple’s Car, Then Pays It Off And Returns It [Video] BuzzWorthy 2016-11-22 Customers Are Angry About Starbucks’ Sneaky Price Hike BuzzWorthy 2016-11-22 Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Leaks Great Deals: Expanded Cyber Week Starts Early SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Frank Ocean: ‘Boys Don’t Cry’ November Release? Disappointed Fans Take To Social Media Music 1 0 0 August 7, 2016 Frank Ocean: ‘Boys Don’t Cry’ November Release? Disappointed Fans Take To Social Media Anya Wassenberg Frank Ocean and a new album release date in November? Fans hopes for the release of Boys Don’t Cry, one of the year’s most highly anticipated albums, were raised and then dashed this week and they vented their frustrations on social media with a creative flair. Boys Don’t Cry will be the follow up to channel ORANGE, his hugely successful Grammy-winning 2012 release. Frank Ocean And The August 5 Rumor On Monday, August 1, the New York Times ran a piece with the overly confident title, “Frank Ocean’s Long-Awaited ‘Boys Don’t Cry’ Is Due on Friday” – although the venerable publication did hedge its bets by acknowledging that, after so many delays, further extensions were still possible. The article cited a source that was said to have knowledge of the release plans, adding that the album would be accompanied by a video and book with the same title as the release. Boys Don’t Cry would reportedly be available as an exclusive on Apple Music for two weeks before a wider release. While there was no official word from Frank Ocean, Apple or his label, a video that showed up on his website led fans to believe the story. The video followed him for hours as he worked on building what looked like a carpentry project in an otherwise empty room. Eager fans took it as encouraging sign, given the week’s headlines. The Apple connection came via an Apple Music logo that appeared as a watermark in the video. But, as an Atlantic piece pointed out, the video may also have been an indication of work in progress. When the release didn’t happen, fans were disappointed – to say the least. MTV is calling it a “Frank Ocean-induced Emotional Riptide of Despair” and fans have taken to social media to express their disappointment, and in some cases, even anger. Where's that album fool? #FrankOcean pic.twitter.com/CFhcMBDftb — Landon. (@FollowUrLeader) August 7, 2016 Checking the ITunes Store for new #FrankOcean album all weekend. pic.twitter.com/smlWNfuOM7 — Alex Kane (@alexpkane) August 7, 2016 welp…. #FrankOcean pic.twitter.com/POnLfiNmiq — Parker Clary (@ParkerClary) August 6, 2016 Frank Ocean And The Long Tease To ‘Boys Don’t Cry’ The wait for Boys Don’t Cry has been one long tease for fans eager for more of Frank Ocean’s compelling blend of RnB, gritty realism, and romantic nostalgia. In the spring of 2015, Frank’s Tumblr account featured a picture of Ocean sitting next to stacks of magazines. One featured a cover with the headline, “Boys Don’t Cry” and the caption “#ISSUE 1 #ALBUM 3 #JULY2015 #BOYSDONTCRYMAGAZINE.” It's Saturday…. #FrankOcean pic.twitter.com/hvTOrLRue3 — Ian (@Ian_Coyne) August 6, 2016 Me calling the police on #FrankOcean cause this can't be legal. pic.twitter.com/Ma3sAMU2ba — J. Smith (@Sir_JaLon) August 6, 2016 #FrankOcean it's officially 12:01…… pic.twitter.com/YOs1ZUs8jl — Alex King (@Alex_W_King) August 6, 2016 Is that album dropping? #frankocean pic.twitter.com/cSmouPSFD2 — Bojack (@22buttercup22) August 6, 2016 When July, 2015, came and went with no mention of the Frank Ocean release, fans began their social media campaign of hurt and disappointment. Despite public assurances from his producer and friends like Chance the Rapper, there was no word from Frank himself. Back in July of this year, Frank Ocean’s website sported an image of a library card with a “due date” stamp that read “July 2016,” along with a number of other dates that were crossed out, seeming to refer to the album’s many delays. When July came and went, fans noticed “Aug 5 2016,” which seemed to corroborate the New York Times story. Frank oceans album to come out in November ???????????????? #FrankOcean pic.twitter.com/FzEZC3wj6F — Thesohl (@JustSohlThings) August 6, 2016 Frank Ocean And ‘Boys Don’t Cry’ – A November Release? Or Just Another Tease? Now that August 5 has also passed without Boys Don’t Cry, fans and the media have noticed that the library card also contains a stamp that reads “Nov 13 2016.” Fans as well as the media have seized on the November 13 date as the new, “real” release date, with reports circulating in the New York Daily News, among many other media outlets. The truth of the matter is, no one except Frank Ocean knows when Boys Don’t Cry will be released, and it seems like Frank likes it that way. A piece in the Atlantic compares Frank Ocean to Harper Lee, the famously reclusive author of To Kill a Mockingbird. While his public appearances are few and far between and his social media presence limited to infrequent posts on isolated events like Prince’s death and the Orlando nightclub shooting, Frank Ocean has been keeping himself busy with a guest spot on Kanye West’s The Life of Pablo and sharing writing credits with James Blake on his latest release. As far as his own work is concerned, fans have had to make do with a cover of At Your Best (You Are Love) in 2015 and a song called Memrise that he posted to his Tumblr account in 2014. Will fans still be waiting until November – and what if November 13 is yet another false alarm? Only time, Frank Ocean, and the quality of Boys Don’t Cry whenever it is eventually released, will tell. [Image by Karl Walter/Getty Images] Now Watch This: Pussy Riot Song Warns Americans Of Trump Presidency Now Read This: The Weeknd Teases New ‘Visual Piece’ Titled ‘Mania’ Share 1 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Anya Wassenberg Tags: frank ocean, Frank Ocean album delay, rnb Comments LATEST HEADLINES Park Shin Hye: K-Drama Actress Of ‘Doctors’ Joins ‘Korea Food For The Hungry International’ Philanthropy Club After Donating 100 Million Won To Charity ‘Pizzagate’ Hits Voat Shortly After Being Banned On Reddit, Comet Ping Pong Nightmare Continues Europa League Preview, Manchester United Vs. Feyenoord: Prediction, Starting Lineups, And Live Streaming ‘RHOA’ Kandi Burruss’ Ex, Block, Says They And Riley Are One Happy Family WWE News: Goldberg ‘Survivor Series’ Win Was All About Shocking The ‘Smart Marks’ Watch Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade Online, Mobile Apps, NBC TV: New Balloons, Floats, Celebrities Kick Off The Holiday Season On Turkey Day Saturn’s Rings: NASA’s Cassini Spacecraft Preparing To Get A Never-Before-Seen Look What Major ‘TWD’ Character Should Die In The Walking Dead Season 7? [Poll] ‘General Hospital’ Spoilers: Brenda’s Return To Port Charles Suggested By Cryptic Tweet? Chris Brown & Rihanna Urged To Start Dating Again Amid Reconciliation Reports Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Queen Elizabeth And Prince Philip Celebrate 69 Years Of Marriage 21.3k 0 0 Vote Audit: Did Trump Win Fair Election Or A Rigged One? New Movement Seeks Data On Suspicious Vote Counts 17.6k 0 0 WWE News: Details On The Finish Of Brock Lesnar Vs. Goldberg Match – Who Knew? How Long Has It Been Planned? 4.6k 0 0 Brock Lesnar Vs. Goldberg Was A Disgrace, And So Was WWE Survivor Series [Opinion] 3.5k 0 0 ‘Sons Of Anarchy’ Spin-Off ‘Mayans MC’ Confirmed By FX, Charlie Hunnam And Ryan Hurst Set To Return? 3k 0 0 WWE News: Goldberg Set To Appear At The ‘Royal Rumble’ 2.9k 0 0 Presidential Election Popular Vote: Hillary Clinton On Course To Win 2.5 Million More Votes Than Donald Trump 2.8k 0 0 Recent Headlines Chris Brown And Krista Santiago Dating? ‘Famous’ Singer Unveils New Art Project With Rumored Girlfriend On Instagram 0 0 0 When Will The Electoral College Meet To Vote In 2016? Trump Set To Win ‘Real’ Election After Popular Vote Drubbing 0 0 0 ‘Love And Hip Hop New York’ Spoilers: Cardi B No Longer Stripping, The Diplomats Still Beefing? 0 0 0 How To Cook A Turkey: A Step-By-Step Guide For The Thanksgiving Beginner, Including Full Cooking Times And Safety Tips 0 0 0 Black Friday Freebies And Deals 2016: Where To Get Freebies On Thanksgiving Day, Black Friday Including JCPenney, CVS And More 4 0 0 How ‘Rogue One’ Is Altering The Future Of ‘Star Wars’ 0 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2016 The Inquisitr News.
Visit our network of sites: NotebookReview TabletPCReview Brighthand DigitalCameraReview DesktopReview PrinterComparison TechnologyGuide TabletPCReview.com Join / Log in About | Contact | Newsletter Signup Search this site Sections ▼ Reviews ▼ All Reviews Most Popular Tablets Tablet Reviews Top Brands Apple Tablet Reviews Samsung Tablet Reviews Motorola Tablet Reviews HP Tablet Reviews Dell Tablet Reviews Lenovo Tablet Reviews News ▼ All Tablet News News Archive Top Categories Apple iPad News Google Android News Windows Tablet News eReader News BlackBerry News Shop ▼ Tablet Price Search Android Tablets Windows Tablets iPad (iOS) Tablets Deals ▼ Android Tablet Deals and Coupons Apple iPad Tablet Deals and Coupons Google Nexus Tablet Deals and Coupons Samsung Tablet Deals and Coupons Kids Tablets on Sale Community Apps ▼ App Reviews App News Accessories ▼ Accessory Reviews Accessory News Video How To Business View Search Search this site Home > Topics > Accessories > Reviews > Logitech CREATE for 9.7-inch iPad Pro Review: Keyboard Case with Smart Connector Logitech CREATE for 9.7-inch iPad Pro Review: Keyboard Case with Smart Connector August 7, 2016 by Ed Hardy Reads (8,573) Tweet Comments (0) Discuss Email Print Review Specs Shop Pros Uses Apple Smart Connector, not Bluetooth Backlit keys Slot for Apple Pencil or any stylus Cons Offers only one viewing angle A bit cramped for those with large hands Quick Take This keyboard case sports an attractive design and a well-built keyboard, but its support for the Apple Smart Connector is what really makes it stans out from the crowd. Just about all the add-on keyboards available for the 9.7-inch iPad Pro depend on Bluetooth, but the Logitech CREATE uses Apple’s Smart Connector instead. It also has backlit keys, a slot to hold the Apple Pencil, and is available now for $129.99. We tested this accessory to see how suitable it is to turn Apple’s latest tablet into a 2-in-1. Design The CREATE is a single piece that clips to the back of the iPad and wraps around to the front so that it functions as a case. Most of the exterior is a synthetic weave (not the typical faux leather) that looks smart and provides a very good textured grip. Logitech promises that this material is resistant to stains and can be wiped clean. It comes in either black or blue. Logitech CREATE for 9.7-inch iPad Pro When closed, the case is 9.8 x 7.0 x 0.9 inches (248 x 178 x 23 mm), and just under a pound: 15 oz. (426 g). It adds moderately to the bulk of this tablet, but much of that is the keyboard. On the interior is a polycarbonate frame designed to protect against bumps and scratches, but the CREATE isn’t up to saving the 9.7-inch iPad Pro if something really severe happens to it. The screen gets some extra shielding from the rigid keyboard which closes down over it. There are openings for all the tablet’s speakers and ports so they are easily accessible without removing this folio. For some reason, the iPad’s volume buttons are covered with polycarbonate external buttons but the power button is just left exposed. Pen Slot Logitech is one of the very few companies that realize that people who have an Apple Pencil want an easy way to carry it around with their iPad Pro. The CREATE has a built-in slot that securely holds this stylus while also keeping it easy to access. Those who don’t feel the need to invest in Apple’s $99 accessory might use this slot to hold a more affordable stylus, or just a pen. Keyboard Logitech CREATE with 9.7-inch iPad Pro This tablet can be converted into a 2-in-1 by opening the CREATE and attaching the bottom edge of the iPad to the Smart Connector just above keyboard. This causes the back of the case to form into a brace that holds the display up. One of the few downsides of this product is that it can do that at only one angle, about 130º. This is a serviceable angle, but more flexibility would be better. Five rows of input keys and one row of function keys fit in a 9.2 x 3.7 area. The keys measure 0.6 x 0.6, with 0.1 in. of space between them. The tops of the keys are slightly concave, and there’s 1.4 mm of key travel, an adequate but not generous amount. The function keys are half the size of the regular ones, and can be used to control the display’s backlight intensity and music playback… there’s even a replacement Home button. These are very handy, and give the CREATE a nice advantage over the Apple Smart Keyboard, which has no equivalents. The keyboard backlights are another very nice touch, allowing the use of this accessory in any lighting condition. A pair of function keys switches between bright, dim, and off. Just be aware that the power for these comes from the iPad Pro, so extensive use on the brightest setting could drain the battery. Still, these backlights automatically turn themselves off if no key is pressed for 8 seconds, but they come back on again as soon as the user resumes typing. Performance Apple built support for Bluetooth keyboards into the iPad many years ago, and since that time a large number of these have been introduced. The iPad Pro line can use these, but the 9.7- and 12.9-inch models in this series also have the Smart Connector, a port that was added specifically for add-on keyboards. This allows the Logitech CREATE to function as if it were part of its tablet, drawing off its battery for the power it needs. It also means there’s no need to pair this accessory with the iPad; simply join the tablet to the keyboard at the Smart Connector and begin typing. No driver software is needed, either, nor is there is battery in the accessory that needs charging. Logitech CREATE for 9.7-inch iPad Pro After typing this review on the CREATE, as well as using it on and off for several days for other tasks, we never experienced any problems with dropped letters or repeating keys. We also asked a variety of people to try it out. Responses were generally quite positive, with our testers finding it easy to touch type on without needing any practice. One caveat though: people with large hands who find laptops or tablets keyboards cramped will find this one too small as well. But this is true of all the offerings specifically for 9.7-inch iPads. Value Logitech’s list price for this product is $129.99. Comparable keyboards for the 9.7-inch iPad Pro include the $149 Apple Smart Keyboard and the $149.99 Brydge 9.7. Another good option is the $129.99 ZAGG slim book. The best accessories usually don’t come cheaply, but the CREATE is one of the more affordable premium iPad keyboards. Conclusion Although the Logitech CREATE boasts an attractive design and a well-built keyboard, support for the Apple Smart Connector is what really makes it preferable to just about all its rivals that depend on Bluetooth. We rate it to be one of the best keyboard cases available for the Apple 9.7-inch iPad Pro. LEAVE A COMMENT 0 Comments | Log in to comment All content posted on TechnologyGuide is granted to TechnologyGuide with electronic publishing rights in perpetuity, as all content posted on this site becomes a part of the community. Most Popular Tablet Reviews Lenovo Yoga Book Review: Great Android 2-in-1 for Notetaking Amazon Fire HD 8 Review: Hey, Not Bad for $90 Samsung Galaxy Note 7 Review: Your Next Tablet? Today's Promotions Visit our sister sites NotebookReview Brighthand DigitalCameraReview DesktopReview PrinterComparison TechnologyGuide TechTarget About Us | Advertising | Media Kit | Archive | Contact Us All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2000 - 2016, TechTarget | Read our Privacy Statement TechTarget publishes more than 100 focused websites providing quick access to a deep store of news, advice and analysis about the products, technologies and processes crucial to the jobs of IT pros.
Nav DESIGN ENTERTAINMENT TECH SCIENCE LISTICLES MORE search Follow Us Latest News SCIENCE LISTICLES Twitter Reacts To Gael Monfils Bizarre Behavior At The U.S. Open SUPRA Releases Decade X Series In Collaboration With Skateboarder Chad Muska Shop Our Favorite Picks From Leifshop Back To School Shopping Guide rss instagram pinterest google+ twitter facebook TECH Why Apple Could Be Ending Its iPad Air Series With iPad Air 3 Mary Heart , Design & Trend Aug, 07, 2016, 07:22 PM shares tweet Tags : apple, iPad Air 3, iPad Pro 2, tablet Close (Photo : Getty Images/Justin Sullivan ) There are rumors claiming that Apple is going to conclude its iPad Air series this year. Apple is reportedly releasing the successor to its 2-year-old iPad Air 2; however, if the rumors were true, the iPad Air 3 could be the final installment in the Air series. Rumors and reports about the Cupertino-headquartered company's plan to end the Air series with the iPad Air 3 have continuously sprouted online ever since the iPad Pro 9.7 was released this March. The rumors have yet to die down, with Macworld reiterating that it is very likely that Apple will focus on the iPad Pro series henceforth, leaving no time for the company to work on another Air iteration after this year's installment. The rumors may not have been baseless at all, since Apple has been struggling to sell its tablets ever since it launched the iPad Air 2 in October 2014. The decline in sales is taking a toll on the tech giant, with investors wondering if there is an end to this problem, as per The Motley Fool. This year, Apple is planning to rebound by refreshing all of its tablet lines and even its famous iPhone series, but it is going to be a big and expensive risk for the company's finances. Back in early March, Wired voiced out that Apple should give consumers a new reason to buy its iPads to counter the sales figures that appear to be "sinking like a horse in a quicksand." At the time, Apple has yet to take the wraps off of its iPad Pro 9.7 device, so the business site and many tech sites were speculating that the smaller Pro would already replace the iPad Air 2. Forbes also reported back then that the iPad Pro 9.7 overlaps the iPad Air 2 in so many areas that the former isn't quite as big of a deal or an upgrade for iPad Air 2 owners. It is also unclear whether the iPad Air 3 will just be a modified version of the iPad Pro 9.7, or a device that would impress the market with its new specs and features. As of late, rumors suggest that the iPad Air 3 could just be sporting the same specs and features as the iPad Pro 9.7 save for the A9x chip, because the former is presumably coming with the A10 chip, according to PC Advisor. There is no word yet on the possible new features that the iPad Air 3 will have that the iPad Pro 9.7 doesn't. Fans can expect details about these in the coming weeks or a few weeks prior the October release date of the device.  Related Apple iPad Pro 2 To Replace MacBook By Running OS X? Rumored Specs, Features Revealed Samsung Galaxy Note7 Vs Apple iPhone 7 Plus: Comparison Review of Specs, Features And More — Which Is Better? © 2015 Design & Trend All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. SPOTLIGHT ENTERTAINMENT Sep, 09, 2016, 04:56 PM Twitter Reacts To Gael Monfils Bizarre Behavior At The U.S. Open facebooktwitter DESIGN Sep, 04, 2016, 11:30 AM SUPRA Releases Decade X Series In Collaboration With Skateboarder Chad Muska facebooktwitter DESIGN Sep, 03, 2016, 10:10 AM Shop Our Favorite Picks From Leifshop facebooktwitter Entertainment Aug, 31, 2016, 12:46 PM 15 Hottest Instagrams Of ABC's New Bachelor Nick Viall facebooktwitter DESIGN Aug, 30, 2016, 07:30 PM Playboy Mansion Is Officially Off The Market facebooktwitter DESIGN Aug, 30, 2016, 11:00 AM Justin Bieber's $10K Per Night Rental Mansion In Hawaii facebooktwitter DESIGN Aug, 27, 2016, 12:30 PM You Can Buy Ashley Tisdale's Home For $2.7 Million facebooktwitter DESIGN Aug, 26, 2016, 03:30 PM Pre-Shop MTV x Marc Jacobs Collection facebooktwitter Latest Stories ENTERTAINMENT Sep, 09, 2016, 04:56 PM Twitter Reacts To Gael Monfils Bizarre Behavior At The U.S. Open facebooktwitter DESIGN Sep, 04, 2016, 11:30 AM SUPRA Releases Decade X Series In Collaboration With Skateboarder Chad Muska facebooktwitter DESIGN Sep, 03, 2016, 10:10 AM Shop Our Favorite Picks From Leifshop facebooktwitter DESIGN Sep, 02, 2016, 03:17 PM Back To School Shopping Guide facebooktwitter DESIGN Sep, 02, 2016, 01:58 PM Harry Styles Purchases New LA Pad facebooktwitter DESIGN/SPACES/From A to B/Tech/Entertainment/SCIENCE Facebook/Twitter/Google +/RSS Feed About Us/Contact Us/Terms Of Service/Privacy Policy © 2016 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. Stay Updated With Design & Trend’s Newsletter ?>
Talk Business & Politics you're viewing Statewide change region Central Arkansas Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Fort Smith area Save Statewide Name Menu Microsites Finance Energy Startup Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Close Business Politics Video / Podcasts Advertise Contact Us Community Member stories Create an account Submit a blog post Close Weekend Digest: The ‘Crybaby’ Trump, ‘Scary’ Lucy, Gold Medal bonuses edition by Larry Brannan. Published Aug 6th, 2016 7:06 am ltbrannan@aol.com / @tbarkansas TV PREVIEW On this week’s TV edition of Talk Business & Politics, which airs Sundays at 9:30 a.m. on KATV Channel 7 in Central Arkansas and in Northeast Arkansas on KAIT-NBC, Sundays at 10 a.m.: Senate Summary Sen. Tom Cotton. His thoughts on Iran, health care and the week of Donald Trump. Talk Politics Our Talk Politics roundtable includes Dustin McDaniel and Sarah Huckabee Sanders. How do they see this week in Presidential politics? Venture Capital Adventures Plus, we’ll review our daily digital broadcast, including a look at the recently completed FinTech accelerator program at the Arkansas Venture Center. Tune in to Talk Business & Politics in Central Arkansas on KATV Channel 7, Sundays at 9:30 a.m. and in Northeast Arkansas on KAIT-NBC, Sundays at 10 a.m. APPLE HAS COMPLETELY CHANGED ITS PLAN TO CONQUER TV Business Insider posts, “Last year, Apple CEO Tim Cook declared that the “future of television is apps,” a refrain that has been repeated by Apple execs over and over since then. But navigating separate apps is a horrible way to watch TV, and it seems that Apple has finally seen the light.” Last year, Apple was working on actually selling a TV package of its own, a take on the “skinny bundle” that everyone from Hulu to YouTube to AT&T is rumored to be launching. But now it’s just focused on building the interface. So how will the interface work and what could be its content? Learn more by clicking here. BITCOIN’S UNHACKABLE. BITCOIN BANKS? NOT SO MUCH Marketplace reports, “There was a major heist today worth at one point $77 million. No guns, no getaway cars, though, it was all done digitally. In fact, there were no dollars either, it was a theft of digital currency: Bitcoin. Thieves hacked into a bitcoin exchange based in Hong Kong called Bitfinex — a bitcoin exchange is kind of like a bank and a trading floor all wrapped up into one – and stole the currency. This has happened dozens of times, but this incident was pretty big. The value of bitcoin plummeted by 25 percent from $650 per bitcoin to $480 before recovering to around $560. Bitcoin, the actual digital currency, has, in fact, never been hacked.  Nobody has been able to hack the actual code that a bitcoin is actually made of in order to forge or steal it.  What have been hacked, however, are the bitcoin exchanges that hold it. “Bitcoin is like gold, someone can come and steal it,” said Rupert Goodwins, a technology journalist in the U.K. “A bitcoin does have a record of its movement, from bitcoin wallet to bitcoin wallet, “but it doesn’t tell you anything at all about who controls that wallet,” he said. The same attribute that makes bitcoin so highly prized – its anonymity – is the same thing that makes it so easily stealable.” For the complete read, follow this link. $25,000 GOLD MEDAL BONUSES AVAILABLE FOR AMERICAN OLYMPIC ATHLETES Forbes says, “The 2016 Olympic Games in Brazil officially open on Friday, and they bring with them some of the world’s biggest superstars. Yet while some members of Team USA rake in tens of millions of dollars annually – Kevin Durant and Carmelo Anthony rank among the Games’ highest-paid athletes with over $80 million between them – the vast majority of American Olympians are low-paid amateurs. One silver lining? Rich payouts for those able to come home with a medal in tow.” That’s because the United States Olympic Committee (USOC) rewards American Olympians with bonus payouts for podium finishes. USOC pays athletes $25,000 for a gold medal, $15,000 for silver and $10,000 for bronze. In the question of team sports, each participating athlete also receives a full medal bonus. So when the US women’s soccer team took home gold in London, all 18 team members got a $25,000 payout. When did this practice start and is the U.S. the only country that pays big bucks for medals? Find out at this link. HOW SELF-MANAGED COMPANIES HELP PEOPLE LEARN ON THE JOB “Self-directed study is transforming the way employees learn — and self-managed organizations are leading the charge. The main way members of these organizations drive their own learning is by experimenting with how they structure roles, relationships, responsibilities, and decision making processes. Nothing is sacred,” writes Harvard Business Review. Of course, if experimentation is your organization’s primary path to learning, you have to brace yourself for unexpected things to happen. That’s because you’ve got people interacting with (and within) interdependent systems, and both are highly unpredictable. “In light of that, how do self-managed organizations make learning productive? Most actually strike a balance between traditional and newer ways of structuring and learning, which mitigates the risks and costs of trial and error. For instance, teams that prioritize reliability over adaptability (think accounting departments) may require highly stable structures — and they’re often well served by traditional training (in regulated environments, the rules are the rules, and you have to know and apply them). But in areas where adaptability is critical — say, in new product development or marketing — responsive structuring and learning can help you meet the needs of your customers, your employees, and the business.” So, even if you’re in a largely hierarchical organization, you may want to experiment with some principles of self-organizing to learn to be more adaptable in certain circumstances. We’ve outlined a few things here for you to try in DIY fashion. OBAMA: TRUMP’S A RIDICULOUS CRYBABY “No, no, no, Donald Trump can’t be president, won’t be president, is more like a child whining in a sandbox than a prospective commander-in-chief, President Barack Obama thinks. So stop asking him about it,” reports POLITICO. Unless, of course, there’s a way to ask him about it that will let him showcase just how ridiculous he finds the thought of having Trump in the Oval Office, and let him laugh at the Republican nominee, and try to lead the country in laughing along with him. And that’s exactly what the president did at a podium at the Pentagon Thursday afternoon. Go to this link for more on how he blasted the Republican nominee. TRUMP’S PATH TO VICTORY DEPENDS ON SURGE OF WHITE MEN “Clinton has significant leads over Trump among minority voters and women, and is handily defeating him with white college-educated women. That puts pressure on Trump to win white men like no other candidate in recent history,” posts The Hill. Trump would seem to face tough prospects. A new Franklin & Marshall poll of Pennsylvania voters released Thursday found him facing an 11-point deficit to Clinton, 49 percent to 38 percent. “The survey shows Trump beating the Democratic nominee in Pennsylvania 53 percent to 31 percent among whites without college degrees, but only 45 percent to 35 percent among white men. Clinton leads Trump in the poll among college-educated whites, 58 percent to 28 percent. She also leads among white women, 57 percent to 29 percent. GOP strategists say Trump needs to close that gap by driving white men to the polls in numbers that haven’t been seen in recent election cycles.” For more on this story, go to this link. CLINTON’S POST-CONVENTION BOUNCE: WILL IT STAY OR GO? In a post for Real Clear Politics writer Sean Trende says, “I’ve been holding off writing the post-Democratic convention state-of-the-race update for two reasons. First, polls continue to pour in, as pollsters seek to measure the full effect of the two conventions. Second, and perhaps more importantly, the news cycle is moving very, very fast right now; it’s hard to find a good time to stop and write something that won’t be out of date 15 minutes after publication.” I think the best way to approach this is to give the “normal” take on the state of affairs, then the “Trump-centric” take.  Which one you think is closer to reality probably depends a fair amount on your prior views of the race; my sense is that the truth is somewhere in the middle. Click on this link to learn what those “takes” are. 8 POSSIBLE FATES FOR THE OBAMACARE EXCHANGES Bloomberg reports, “A lot has been happening in the health-care markets. California announced that premiums would rise by an average of 13.2 percent on the exchanges, after years of being one of the standouts for low premium growth. Meanwhile, Anthem, a large insurer, said it would expand its presence in the Obamacare exchanges–but only if its merger with Cigna is allowed to go through.” Aetna is only the most recent insurer to struggle to make money on these policies; after expressing optimism in April, the company now expects to take large loses in these markets and is cutting back on its offerings for 2017.  The market, says one quoted analyst, is still “very volatile.” “Where are the markets going? We can sketch out a few possible futures at this link. LUCY STATUE TOO SCARY USA Today reports, “Scary Lucy” is getting a makeover.” A new statue of Lucille Ball, the comedian who starred in “I Love Lucy,” will be unveiled Saturday in her hometown of Celoron, N.Y. on Ball’s 105th birthday, replacing the current statue that has received national attention for its unpleasant portrayal of the actress. Who is the new sculptor and what will the new sculpture “aim to portray”? The original statue, unveiled in 2009, has been mocked as “Scary Lucy,” and locals started a Facebook page in 2012 calling on the town to get rid of the statue. The statue and the desire to have it removed went viral last year when local and national media picked up the story. Take a look here if you dare. AMERICA’S FIRST POKEMON GO MASTER HAS CAUGHT EVERY POKEMAN Well it’s happened, posts Business Insider. “It’s official: Less than a week after leaving on a global Pokémon Go adventure to complete his collection, Brooklyn-based Nick Johnson has caught all of the 145 Pokémon that are currently available — very likely making him the world’s first Pokémon Go master.” According to the original video games that Pokémon Go is based on, there are 151 total monsters. We know that there are 142 you can catch in the US, six rare Pokémon that are currently unaccounted for, plus three more exclusive to certain international regions. In late July, Johnson became the first in America to capture all 142 Pokémon available in the USA. And so, with accommodations covered by Marriott Rewards and travel paid for by Expedia, Johnson set off last week to find those three international Pokémon and complete the set. Click here for the story on Johnson’s successful quest. FIVE LESSONS KIDS CAN TEACH YOU ABOUT PITCHING YOUR STARTUP Fast Company says, “If you can’t explain your business model to kids, then you’re not ready for prime time in front of investors. That’s the idea behind Pitch-a-Kid, a new Austin, Texas-based organization that puts kids in the judge’s seat as they analyze adult entrepreneurs’ pitches and choose the strongest pitch of the bunch.” Kids learn critical thinking and problem-solving skills, while local entrepreneurs get an unfiltered assessment of where their pitch falls short and what parts might be confusing. “Kids at the elementary school age are very honest and are comfortable asking questions about things they don’t understand,” says Mike Millard, who started Pitch-A-Kid earlier this year with his daughter Audrey, who’s currently in fourth grade. “For the entrepreneurs it really pushes them to use simple, straightforward, and understandable language.” Get the scoop by “pitching” here. Author Bio: See latest posts Comments 0shares Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Opinion Ken Smith What will a Trump presidency mean for Arkansas’ advanced energy economy? Ruth Whitney Believe it: the Presidential polls were accurate Michael Tilley Riff Raff: The lucky ones Ruth Whitney Volunteering should be part of the business plan Michael Tilley Riff Raff: A Veterans Day remembrance Special Sections Home Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Magazine Opinion © 2015 Talk Business & Politics. All Rights Reserved
MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Neuroscience Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Comic Books Life & Style Viral Celebrities Features Tech Science Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg New 4K Video Reveals 3 iPhone 7 Variants: Is This Confirmation Of iPhone 7 Plus And iPhone 7 Pro? 7 August 2016, 1:51 am EDT By Aaron Mamiit Tech Times Apple - Here's What You May Not KnowNow Playing A new 4K video shows three iPhone 7 models side by side, reviving rumors of the alleged iPhone 7 Plus and iPhone 7 Pro. Does this confirm the two large iPhone 7 variants, or are these devices just mock-ups?  ( Bshop Kuwa | YouTube ) Advertisement There have been previous claims that Apple will be releasing three variants for the iPhone 7, namely the 4.7-inch model and two 5.5-inch models. It was said that one of the larger iPhone 7 models will have a single-lens camera, while the other model will feature a dual-lens camera. A new 4K video shows the three models side by side, reviving rumors of the alleged iPhone 7 Plus and iPhone 7 Pro. The video, which was uploaded to YouTube by Bshop Kuwa, was discovered by Dutch blog TechTastic. The uploader is seemingly connected to an iPhone reservation store in Japan. In the video, three iPhone models are featured, with a gold 4.7-inch iPhone, a rose gold 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus and a silver 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Pro. True enough, the iPhone 7 Plus packs a single-lens camera, while the iPhone 7 Pro is shown to have a dual-lens camera. Does the video confirm the fact that Apple is releasing two models for the larger iPhone 7? Users who are looking forward to such an announcement may want to lower their expectations. While it may have been possible that Apple has been working on two prototypes for the larger iPhone 7, the rumor has since been shot down several times, including by reliable tipster Evan Blass. Blass said last month that there will only be two iPhone 7 models that will be rolled out this year, with the code names of the smartphones being Sonora and Dos Palos. An earlier report claimed that the 5.5-inch model going to production is what was termed as the iPhone 7 Pro, with a dual-lens camera and RAM of 3 GB. It should also be noted that the model numbers of the three iPhone models in the video are shown to be A1429, which corresponds to the iPhone 5 in the numbering scheme of Apple. This signals that the devices are mock-ups. However, despite that, the video is among the ones with the best quality for comparing the expected design of the iPhone 7 with the iPhone 6s. The mock-ups show the design changes that are said to be coming to the iPhone 7, including repositioned antenna bands, bigger cameras and the lack of a 3.5mm headphone jack. A recently released video supposedly showing the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus revealed the smartphones utilizing Lightning EarPods, with another video featuring the new blue color option for the smartphones. Another report confirmed that the 5.5-inch model of the iPhone 7 will be powered by 3 GB of RAM. TAG Apple, iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, iPhone 7 Pro © 2016 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles iPhone 7 And iPhone 7 Plus Shown Off On Leaked Videos: Blue, Rose Gold, And 3 GB Of RAM Confirmed iPhone 7 And iPhone 7 Plus Lightning EarPods With Remote Working On Leaked Video iPhone 7 And iPhone 7 Plus Apple Launch Event And Preorder Dates Revealed iPhone 7 Rumors: New Photos Reveal Possible Lightning-to-3.5 mm Adapter iPhone 7 And iPhone 7 Plus/Pro To Feature 3D Touch Home Button With Touch ID From Our Sponsor Where Can You Get The Best Smartphone Deals And Tablet Deals This Fall At Unbeatable Prices? With the holiday season drawing near, if you're one of the early tech shoppers who's on the lookout to snag a good deal on smartphone, tablet or any gadget, check out GearBest. SPONSORED BY GearBest Advertisement Advertisement Most Popular 1 Video Games 'Pokémon Sun' And 'Moon' Guide: How To Get All The Legendaries And Ultra Beasts 2 Apple Black Friday 2016: Best Deals For MacBook Pro, MacBook Air And iMac From Best Buy, eBay, Amazon And Newegg 3 Google Google Pixel Update Brings Double-Tap And Raise-To-Wake Moves To The Mix Advertisement 4 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Black Friday 2016 Smartphone Deals: Verizon, Sprint and AT&T Samsung Galaxy S7/Edge, iPhone 7/Plus Sales And BOGOs At Walmart, Target, Best Buy And More 5 Video Games 'Pokémon Sun' And 'Moon' Guide: Where To Find Eevee, Pikachu (And Pichu) And Growlithe 6 Gadgets Best Black Friday 2016 Headphone Deals: Grab Beats, Bose, Harman Kardon, Skullcandy From Best Buy, Amazon, Target And Other Retailers 7 Earth/Environment Asteroid That Killed The Dinosaurs Formed Mountain Range Taller Than Mount Everest In Less Than 10 Minutes 8 Gadgets Best 4K TV Black Friday 2016 Deals From Walmart, Best Buy, eBay, Target And More 9 Video Games 'Pokémon Sun' And 'Moon' Guide: How To Get A Shiny Starter Pokémon 10 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech T-Mobile Free iPhone 7 With Trade-In Deal Comes Back For Black Friday, Free Samsung Galaxy S7 And LG V20 Join The Party EDITOR'S PICKS Best Upcoming Smartphones 2017: iPhone 8, iPhone 8 Plus, Galaxy S8, Galaxy Note 8, OnePlus 4 And More Nostradamus Predictions: Did The French Prophet Predict Donald Trump 2016 US Presidential Election Victory Would Lead To World War 3? NASA's 'Impossible' Propulsion Engine EmDrive Passes Peer Review Amgen Cholesterol Drug And Statin Combo Reduces Plaque Buildup In Arteries Of Heart Patients Baba Vanga Predictions: The New Nostradamus? Read Her Uncanny Prophecies On Trump, Islamic State, Obama And End Of The World Xbox One Black Friday 2016 Bundle Deal Prices Compared: Target, Best Buy, GameStop, Walmart, Costco And More Samsung Galaxy S7 To Launch In New Glossy Black Color To Compete With Shiny Jet Black iPhone 7 Marrakech Vision: World's Most Climate-Vulnerable Countries Aiming For 100 Percent Green Energy Best 4K TV Black Friday 2016 Deals From Walmart, Best Buy, eBay, Target And More Life & Style More Life & Style Meet Charlotte, A Massive Huntsman Spider In Australia Freaking Out The Internet Math Abilities Are Not Innate: New Theory May Help In Identifying, Teaching Students With Math Learning Disabilities This Cat Has The Most Terrifying Reaction To His Human Dressing As A Cat Alien Hunters Spot Strange Fossilized Beast Resembling A Grizzly Bear On Mars: Here's What UFO Hunters And Skeptics Think Is The Robot Girlfriend in Calvin Harris’ New 'My Way' Video Really Taylor Swift? [Video] This Dog’s Reaction To Her Favorite Toy Come To Life Is The Happiest Video On The Internet Right Now Lady Gaga And James Corden’s ‘Carpool Karaoke’ Ride Goes Massively Viral, But Can She Beat Justin Bieber And Adele? [Video] Starbucks Secret Menu: What’s In The Franken Frappuccino Beverage Available This Halloween TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideos About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2016 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved. Top Stories From Tech Times Delivered To Your Inbox. No Thanks!
Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. Defcon 2016 subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER Roadmap to 2020 Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 6 hours Amazon's Alexa can't speak Chinese, but the LingLong DingDong can: bit.ly/2gjvJKe Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Advertisement. Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: Lily Hay Newman. Lily Hay Newman Security Date of Publication: 08.07.16. 08.07.16 Time of Publication: 5:22 pm. 5:22 pm Hacker Unlocks ‘High Security’ Electronic Safes Without a Trace “High security” consumer electronic safes could certainly be pried open with power tools, but they’re marketed as reasonably robust for daily-life scenarios. On Friday, though, a hacker known as Plore presented strategies for identifying a safe custom-selected keycode and then using it to unlock the safe normally, without any damage or indication that the code has been compromised. At Defcon, researchers regularly give talks about picking and hacking locks, and there’s even a whole “lock picking village” where people can learn basic skills or share sophisticated techniques. But there are always new locks to investigate and what makes Plore’s techniques interesting is what they lack: any physical or even algorithmic sabotage. Plore used side-channel attacks to pull it off. These are ways of exploiting physical indicators from a cryptographic system to get around its protections. Here, all Plore had to do was monitor power consumption in the case of one safe, and the amount of time operations took in other, and voila, he was able to figure out the keycodes for locks that are designated by independent third-party testing company Underwriter’s Laboratory as Type 1 High Security. These aren’t the most robust locks on the market by any means, but they are known to be pretty secure. Safes with these locks are the kind of thing you might have in your house. In practice, Plore was able to defeat the security of two different safe locks made by Sargent and Greenleaf, each of which uses a six-digit code. “I chose Sargent and Greenleaf locks due to their popularity. They are the lock manufacturer of choice on Liberty brand gun safes, among others, and safes featuring those locks are widely available at major stores,” Plore told WIRED. Plore said he didn’t have time before Defcon to try his attacks on other lock brands, but he added, “I would not be particularly surprised if techniques similar to those I described would apply to other electronic safe locks, other electronic locks in general (e.g., door locks), or other devices that protect secrets (e.g., phones).” For the Sargent and Greenleaf 6120, a lock developed in the 1990s and still sold today, Plore noticed that when he entered any incorrect keycode he could deduce the correct code by simply monitoring the current being consumed by the lock. More stories Imploding Barrels and Other Highlights From Hackfest DefCon DefCon 20 Badges, the Big Reveal: A Secret Society, Crypto Challenges and Easter Eggs Clever Tool Shields Your Car From Hacks by Watching Its Internal Clocks “What you do here is place the resistor in series with the battery and the lock, and by monitoring voltage across that resistor we can learn how much current the lock is drawing at any particular time. And from that we learn something about the state of the lock,” Plore explained. As the lock’s memory checked the input against its stored number sequence, the current on the data line would fluctuate depending on whether the bits storing each number in the code were a 0 or a 1. This essentially spelled out the correct key code until Plore had all of its digits in sequence and could just enter them to unlock the safe. Bafflingly easy. For the second demonstration, he experimented with a newer lock, the Sargent and Greenleaf Titan PivotBolt. This model has a more secure electronics configuration so Plore couldn’t simply monitor power consumption to discover the correct keycode. He was able to use another side-channel approach, though, a timing attack, to open the lock. Plore observed that as the system checked a user code input against its stored values there was a 28 microsecond delay in current consumption rise when a digit was correct. The more correct digits, the more delayed the rise was. This meant that Plore could efficiently figure out the safe’s keycode by monitoring current over time while trying one through 10 for each digit in the keycode, starting the inputs over with more and more correct digits as he pinpointed them. Plore did have to find a way around the safe’s “penalty lockout feature” that shuts everything down for 10 minutes after five incorrect input attempts, but ultimately he was able to get the whole attack down to 15 minutes, versus the 3.8 years it would take to try every combination and brute force the lock. “Burglars aren’t going to bother with this. They’re going to use a crowbar or a hydraulic jack from your garage or if they’re really fancy they’ll use a torch,” Plore said. “I think the more interesting thing here is [these attacks] have applicability to other systems. We see other systems that have these sorts of lockout mechanisms.” Plore said that he has been trying to contact Sargent and Greenleaf about the vulnerabilities since February. WIRED reached out to the company for comment but hadn’t heard back by publication time. Even though no one would expect this type of affordable, consumer-grade lock to be totally infallible, Plore’s research is important because it highlights how effective side-channel attacks can be. They allow a bad actor to get in without leaving a trace. And this adds an extra layer of gravity, because not only do these attacks compromise the contents of the safe, they could also go undetected for long periods of time. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. defcon 2016 locks Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email defcon 2016 locks Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Pin Email Author: Andy Greenberg. Andy Greenberg Security Date of Publication: 08.05.16. 08.05.16 Time of Publication: 10:47 am. 10:47 am Fake Boarding Pass App Gets Hacker Into Fancy Airline Lounges As the head of Poland’s Computer Emergency Response Team, Przemek Jaroszewski flies 50 to 80 times a year, and so has become something of a connoisseur of airlines’ premium status lounges. (He’s a particular fan of the Turkish Airlines lounge in Istanbul, complete with a cinema, putting green, Turkish bakery and free massages.) So when his gold status was mistakenly rejected last year by an automated boarding pass reader at a lounge in his home airport in Warsaw, he applied his hacker skills to make sure he’d never be locked out of an airline lounge again. The result, which Jaroszewski plans to present Sunday at the Defcon security conference in Las Vegas, is a simple program that he’s now used dozens of times to enter airline lounges all over Europe. It’s an Android app that generates fake QR codes to spoof a boarding pass on his phone’s screen for any name, flight number, destination and class. And based on his experiments with the spoofed QR codes, almost none of the airline lounges he’s tested actually check those details against the airline’s ticketing database—only that the flight number included in the QR code exists. And that security flaw, he says, allows him or anyone else capable of generating a simple QR code to both access exclusive airport lounges and buy things at duty free shops that require proof of international travel, all without even buying a ticket. Boarding pass hacker Przemek Jaroszewski.Andy Greenberg Fake boarding passes are hardly a new hacker trick. Cryptographer Bruce Schneier wrote about the technique to make them back in 2003 and privacy activist Chris Soghoian was investigated by the FBI for creating a website that automatically generated the fake passes. But Jaroszewski’s Defcon talk is intended to point out that even now, a decade later, the boarding pass security issue persists, and in some ways is easier than ever to exploit thanks to airports’ use of automated QR-code readers. “Literally, it takes 10 seconds to create a boarding pass” on a smartphone, says Jaroszewski. “And it doesn’t even have to look legit because you’re not in contact with any humans.” In the video below, Jaroszewski shows how he enters fake credentials into his app—his go-to pseudonym is Bartholomew Simpson—generates a QR code for a boarding pass with them, and uses it to bypass a QR-code-checking gate and enter the Turkish Airlines Istanbul lounge. Jaroszewski admits he hasn’t tested the trick outside of Europe, and he’s not sure how often it would work in American airports, which may sometimes use improved boarding pass authentication systems at lounges. He’s also never used the trick to attempt to fly under a false name, a more serious stunt he says would likely be foiled by more stringent checks at the departure gate. Jaroszewski’s trick doesn’t represent much of a real security risk, either. Anyone who uses it would still have to go through physical security, including metal detectors or millimeter wave scanners, so it would probably not work to enter an airport without a real boarding pass. Its real utility lies simply in accessing elite areas within an airport, not in attacking one or getting onto a plane. WIRED reached out to both the TSA and the International Air Transport Association (IATA) for comment, and both said any such boarding pass security flaw would be the airlines’ issue. “A forged BCBP will not entitle the person carrying it with any right to travel, nor will it create any confusion with an airline’s system where the official information is stored,” cautioned the IATA. A spokeperson for the airline industry group Airlines for America wrote to WIRED in a statement that “airlines are constantly looking at new and emerging technologies designed to enhance the customer experience, while ensuring well-defined security measures and best practices are in place.” In the European airports where Jaroszewski has tried his technique, he says he’s never even used his fake QR codes to access a lounge he didn’t already have the right to access, or to buy duty free goods when he wasn’t traveling internationally; he warns those two actions would likely be illegal. Even so, he’s successfully tested his fake QR codes repeatedly with only a few failures. And he admits he once even used his program to create a QR code for a friend who didn’t share his elite airline status when they had a 7-hour layover in Istanbul, so that both of them could hang out in Turkish Airlines’ swanky lounge. “I just said, I’ll send you the QR code,” Jaroszewski says carefully. “If you want to use it, you use it.” Jaroszewski isn’t publicly releasing his boarding pass QR code spoofing software. He says he’d rather avoid the FBI raid and investigation that followed Chris Soghoian’s release of a similar tool 10 years ago. But he argues it would be “very easy” for motivated hackers to recreate the app, which he says consisted of about 500 lines of javascript. For a hacker willing to do a little coding—and illegal trespassing—it may offer a chance to score a small, subversive win against the global frequent-flying elite. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Airports defcon 2016 QR Code Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email Airports defcon 2016 QR Code Author: Lily Hay Newman. Lily Hay Newman Security Date of Publication: 08.04.16. 08.04.16 Time of Publication: 9:20 pm. 9:20 pm Apple’s Finally Offering Bug Bounties—With the Highest Rewards Ever Finally, Apple is starting a bug bounty program. The company is late to the growing trend of this type of initiative, which offers rewards to researchers who discover and submit security vulnerabilities for companies to preemptively patch. But Ivan Krstic, Apple’s head of security engineering and architecture, announced at Black Hat on Thursday that the company will launch an incentive structure in September. And in fact, by offering up to $200,000 for some discoveries, it seems to be the highest corporate bounty ever. Pressure for Apple to do this has been mounting for months. In the fallout from its battle with the FBI, for example, Apple took flack from some in the security community. They speculated that the FBI had only ultimately been able to find a third party to exploit iPhone security because Apple had no incentive in place to encourage researchers to share that information directly with Apple. Apple got the message. “We’ve had great help from researchers like you in improving iOS security all along,” Krstic told the crowd at Black hat. “Feedback that we’ve heard pretty consistently both from my team at Apple and also from researchers directly is that it’s getting increasingly more difficult to find some of those most critical types of security vulnerabilities. So the Apple Security Bounty Program is going to reward researchers who actually share critical vulnerabilities with Apple.” More Stories Bug Bounty Guru Katie Moussouris Will Help Hackers and Companies Play Nice Microsoft Launches $100K Bug Bounty Program The Romanian Teen Hacker Who Hunts Bugs to Resist the Dark Side At the high end, the program will pay out up to $200,000 for vulnerabilities found in Apple’s secure boot firmware components—the fundamental first protection that keeps your devices safe. To get this much, researchers would have to find vulnerabilities in the “secure boot” mode of the software that coordinates all functions. A malicious hacker exploiting such a vulnerability could cause real harm,hence the large number. To put that figure in perspective, Microsoft offers an $100,000 reward for Windows 10 vulnerabilities, and companies like Facebook and Twitter pay out large total sums, but these are comprised of many smaller rewards given out over time. These programs are an alternative to the large rewards hackers can get from government agencies or in the third-party market for zero-day exploits. “We go to tremendous lengths when it comes to engineering these security systems that provide trust in how we protect user data,” Krstic said. “We’re fortunate that we’ve earned trust from our customers, but we realize that that’s something we have to keep earning.” In addition to the top reward, Apple says it will pay up to $100,000 for extraction of confidential material protected by the Secure Enclave Processor, up to $50,000 for executions of arbitrary code with kernel privileges, up to $50,000 for access to iCloud account data on Apple servers (ahem, celebrity photo leak), and up to $25,000 for access from a sandboxed process to user data outside of that sandbox. This is good news for consumer security, but it’s late. When Microsoft launched its bug bounty program in 2013, it was given a hard time for waiting so long. Apple is launching now because it has no other choice. Still, if you’re going to be late, at least go big. And Apple is. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. apple bug bounty defcon 2016 iPhone Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email apple bug bounty defcon 2016 iPhone Author: Lily Hay Newman. Lily Hay Newman Security Date of Publication: 08.04.16. 08.04.16 Time of Publication: 6:43 pm. 6:43 pm Sad Windows XP Machine Spotted at the Las Vegas Airport Windows XP still proudly in use at McCarran International Airport in Las Vegas.WIRED | Lily Hay Newman Windows XP is not exactly what you want to be greeted by after a soul-crushing plane ride, but there it was at McCarran International Airport in Las Vegas last night. Microsoft has been trying to wean people off of the 15-year-old operating system for years now, but the cost of upgrading legacy enterprise software and simple lack of awareness keeps XP in important places where it definitely shouldn’t be, like airports and voting booths. Since Microsoft stopped supporting XP two years ago, it doesn’t get security updates anymore, putting computers still running it at serious risk. Some organizations, like the US Navy, have been so desperate to buy time that they’ve actually paid Microsoft to keep supporting their XP machines for a little bit longer. But if you’re not paying you’re not protected. And by some estimates, XP is still the third most popular operating system by market share. Not good. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. defcon 2016 Windows XP Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email defcon 2016 Windows XP Author: Lily Hay Newman. Lily Hay Newman Security Date of Publication: 08.04.16. 08.04.16 Time of Publication: 5:46 pm. 5:46 pm At Black Hat, a Reminder That Decryption Can’t Be Legally Mandated What kind information can the US legally demand that a company hand over? And under what circumstances? And which laws give the government and law enforcement those rights? Eh, it’s not currently very clear, as was recently proven by the Apple/FBI battle over unlocking one of the San Bernardino shooters’ iPhones and the death of secure email service Lavabit after its founder refused to produce its Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) private keys for an FBI probe. That confusion is troubling but can also be a good thing for companies who receive requests that they do not want to comply with, for whatever reason. “If you’re ever asked to do something like this, you have a lot of strong legal arguments to say no,” said Jennifer Granick, the Director of Civil Liberties at the Stanford Center for Internet and Society in a Black Hat talk on Thursday. Granick and her Stanford colleague Riana Pfefferkorn, a Cryptography Fellow, ran down relevant laws and what’s currently known about their parameters and limits. They suggested that companies should plan ahead and assume that law enforcement agencies will eventually send them some kind of technical request—if they haven’t already. And preparation starts with how products are designed. “No one is obligated to build in decryption capabilities,” Granick noted, meaning that it is much harder for law enforcement to compel a company to decrypt data that it doesn’t have any type of privileged access to. “You need to be thinking through these design decisions,” Pfefferkorn added. “You can’t be compelled to hand over data that you don’t collect.” Very true. Finally toward the end of the talk, Granick said, “End-to-end encryption is legal. Period.” The crowd broke into spontaneous applause. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. apple defcon 2016 FBI Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email apple defcon 2016 FBI Author: Andy Greenberg. Andy Greenberg Security Date of Publication: 08.04.16. 08.04.16 Time of Publication: 9:19 am. 9:19 am DNC Breach Rallies Hackers To Clinton’s Side in Vegas Melina Mara/Washington Post/Getty Images Hillary Clinton doesn’t usually get much love from the hacker elite. This is a presidential candidate, after all, whose idea of securing classified emails was to keep them on a server in her basement, and when asked if she’d “wiped” that computer, responded “with a cloth or something?” But in an election year when her opponent is Donald Trump—and a group of very active Russian cyberspies whom Trump has publicly encouraged—Clinton has scored a surprising first: a hacker fundraiser. On Wednesday night, at the Black Hat security conference in Las Vegas, Clinton backers held a political event that was unprecedented for one of the biggest hacker gatherings in the world, inviting attendees to an evening of drinks at Vegas’ Mandalay Bay hotel and casino with a minimum donation of $100 to the Clinton campaign. Though Clinton herself didn’t attend, several dozen people packed into the small Mexican restaurant where the fundraiser was held anyway, many giving the maximum legal donation of $2,700, according to the fundraiser’s organizer, former Obama administration official Jake Braun. And from Braun’s opening remarks, he used the Russian breach of the Democratic National Committee revealed last month and Trump’s recent invitation for those Russian hackers to leak Hillary Clinton’s emails as a rallying cry for Clinton, and a point against a candidate with a dangerous ignorance of cybersecurity issues. “The Russians have hacked the elections in Georgia and Kygyrzstan and the Ukraine. Who’s to say they’re not going to do it here? I mean, my god, they already have,” Braun, a political consultant, Obama campaign staffer, and former White House liaison to the Department of Homeland Security, told the small crowd. “We all know this. We need to make sure the world knows this, and that Donald Trump and his affiliates know it’s not OK to tell the Russians they can come and hack our democracy.” Among the attendees in the political event’s audience were Facebook chief security officer Alex Stamos and Chris Wysopal, the founder of security firm Veracode and a member of the legendary hacker collective the L0pht. Later, Jeff “The Dark Tangent” Moss, founder of both the Black Hat conference and the much larger hacker conference Defcon, made his own remarks in support of Clinton at the start of the two hour event. “I swore an oath to uphold the Constitution, and what’s happening is really fucking scary,” Moss told the small crowd, referring to a position he’s held since 2009 on the advisory council of the Department of Homeland Security. Moss acknowledged that holding a political event at Black Hat had generated controversy among the gathering’s typically nonpartisan crowd. He said he’d received a flood of emails, about one in four of which attacked him for politicizing the conference—despite Black Hat’s official insistence that the private fundraiser was held independently from the conference itself. “One friend asked me, ‘If Trump held an event, would you speak at that?’ If the Republicans had a cybersecurity policy, I’d seriously consider it,” Moss added, describing himself as an independent. “But they don’t have a policy. They don’t have a platform. And they don’t have anything organized.” More stories Meet Moxie Marlinspike, the Anarchist Bringing Encryption to All of Us The Future of Encryption Is in These Politicians’ Hands Dear Donald Trump: This Is Why Nuclear Weapons Are Bad It wasn’t only former democratic officials who spoke up at the event; so did Jason Healey, a former cybersecurity advisor to George W. Bush’s White House. “I’m a technocrat. I care about seeing the right things get done,” Healey said. “But in this election, you can’t sit back and say anymore that whoever the president’s going to be, I’ll serve them. It’s time to get involved in the campaign.” In any other election, it’s difficult to imagine even a small group of Black Hat’s attendees coming together to so vehemently support any political candidate or party. And Clinton’s campaign statements haven’t always ingratiated her to the hacker world: She’s denied that NSA leaker Edward Snowden was a whistleblower and said she believes he should return to the US to face legal charges. And she’s called for a “Manhattan Project” to create an encryption technique that would allow law enforcement access to Americans’ communications, placing herself in opposition to most encryption experts who see any such crypto backdoor as a critical flaw in data protections. But Trump has made a series of statements that have been far more frightening and appalling for many in the cybersecurity and national security communities. Last month he repeated to the New York Times his threat not to help protect members of the NATO treaty from invasion from foreign powers like Russia. MSNBC reports he’s repeatedly asked advisors why the U.S. shouldn’t use its nuclear arsenal. After Russian hackers were revealed to have breached the Democratic National Committee last month, Trump’s glib request to the hackers to leak Clinton’s deleted emails from her time as Secretary of State earned him another level of disdain from cybersecurity experts. And Braun, the organizer of Clinton’s Black Hat fundraiser, says he saw an opportunity to refocus his efforts to assemble support from the cybersecurity community around that remark. “Donald Trump and Russia are my best fundraising tools ever,” Braun told WIRED. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Black Hat DefCon dnc hack Donald Trump Hillary Clinton National Affairs russia Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email Black Hat DefCon dnc hack Donald Trump Hillary Clinton National Affairs russia Skip Latest News. Skip to: Comments. Most Popular Black Friday 2016: The Deals Worth Going to the Store For consumer tech Black Friday 2016: The Deals Worth Going to the Store For 8 hours Trump’s Immigration Crackdown Could Spark a Tech Brain Drain National Affairs Trump’s Immigration Crackdown Could Spark a Tech Brain Drain 7 hours Black Friday 2016 Computing Deals consumer tech Black Friday 2016 Computing Deals 8 hours Black Friday 2016 TV Deals consumer tech Black Friday 2016 TV Deals 5 hours Behold China’s Answer to Amazon Echo: The LingLong DingDong gear Behold China’s Answer to Amazon Echo: The LingLong DingDong 1 day Frequent Flier Miles Are Kaput—The Game’s About Credit Cards Now Travel Frequent Flier Miles Are Kaput—The Game’s About Credit Cards Now 5 hours Land Mines, Axes, and Other Ridiculous Things the TSA Has Confiscated Photo Gallery Land Mines, Axes, and Other Ridiculous Things the TSA Has Confiscated 7 hours Great. Now Even Your Headphones Can Spy on You Security Great. Now Even Your Headphones Can Spy on You 1 day More Stories Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Security Security Great. Now Even Your Headphones Can Spy on You 1 day military tech Long After ISIS Collapses, Its Empire of Explosives Will Reign 1 day Cybercrime Hacker Lexicon: A Guide to Ransomware, the Scary Hack That’s on the Rise 09.17.15 civil rights Jeff Sessions’ Nomination as Attorney General Alarms Civil Libertarians 11.18.16 Security America’s Top Spy Talks Snowden Leaks and Our Ominous Future 11.17.16 Culture Podcast It’s Time for a Big Ol’ Holiday TV Smackdown! 29 mins We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 6 hours Amazon's Alexa can't speak Chinese, but the LingLong DingDong can: bit.ly/2gjvJKe Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 6 hours Amazon's Alexa can't speak Chinese, but the LingLong DingDong can: bit.ly/2gjvJKe Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Apple, Inc. Stock Bounces Back -- Too Late to Buy? With the stock up 20% from its 52-week low, have investors already missed their buying opportunity? Daniel Sparks (TMFDanielSparks) Aug 7, 2016 at 1:02PM Since Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock hit a 52-week low of just under $90 earlier this year, shares have recovered 20%. Much of this gain followed the company's better-than-expected fiscal 2016 third-quarter earnings report in July. While the stock's rebound may be nice for shareholders, some investors who were on the fence about buying shares may feel like they've missed out. But a closer look at the stock reveals shares still look attractive. Image source: The Motley Fool. Here are three reasons I'm still bullish with shares trading under $108. 1. Apple stock isn't priced for growth. In other words, Apple shareholders can still earn meaningful returns if Apple's business fails to grow. A basic discounted cash flow valuation of Apple stock -- even a valuation with very conservative assumptions built into the model -- easily illustrates this point. For instance, a discounted cash flow valuation projecting Apple's trailing-12-month free cash flow will increase by just 3% annually -- or about in line with the historical rate of inflation -- pegs the present value of Apple's future free cash flows at $129 per share when using a 10% discount rate to account for the time value of money and the risk associated with investing in stocks. And what really makes this valuation conservative is that it leaves Apple's excess cash totally out of the equation. So, based on the underwhelming projection that Apple can only boost free cash flow by about 3% annually over the long haul, shares are trading at approximately a 17% discount to fair value today -- leaving a meaningful margin of safety for investors who buy at $108. 2. Worries are overblown. The main concern in the media today about Apple's business is the company's declining iPhone sales in recent quarters. The problem was official in the first fiscal quarter of 2016; with iPhone revenue up just 1%, it was clear the year of Apple's iPhone 6s would likely fail to live up to the iPhone 6's precedence. And this is exactly what proceeded to happen. Q2's iPhone revenue was down 18% and Q3's was down 23%.  Ouch. Right? It's not as bad as it looks -- at least not to investors willing to zoom out and look at the bigger picture. iPhone 6s. Image source: Apple. iPhone sales in the year of Apple's flagship iPhone 6s cycle aren't weak by any means. They're just coming up shy of the company's year-ago blockbuster iPhone 6 cycle. During this year, iPhone sales skyrocketed, with year-over-year growth between 22% and 46% in each quarter of fiscal 2015. This makes for very tough comparisons in 2016. And here's another way to look at it. Zooming out two years provides a different perspective: Apple's iPhone sales in fiscal Q3 are up 15% from the same quarter two years ago. 3. Apple's brand can carry over to new segments. There's an enormous benefit to Apple's relentless focus on the consumer experience. The company can enter new segments with clout that even established industry incumbents can only dream about. For instance, Apple successfully entered -- and subsequently dominated -- both the mp3 and cellphone market with its iPod and iPhone. As the company grows, Apple could bring the same brand and pricing power to other segments, such as the nascent wearables segment and autos. When viewing Apple's excellent track record in combination with its cheap valuation, Apple stock still looks like a steal under $110. Sure, there may be some volatility ahead, but investors willing to hold for five or more years will likely look back and be happy they bought a slice of this incredible brand. Daniel Sparks owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Daniel Sparks (TMFDanielSparks) Daniel Sparks is a senior technology specialist at The Motley Fool. He served in the U.S. Army on active duty and graduated with an MBA from Colorado State University. Follow @danielsparks Article Info Aug 7, 2016 at 1:02PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $110.88 down $0.92 (-0.82%) Read More Apple Might Introduce OLED iPhones Earlier Than Expected Apple Inc. May Be Using This New Tech in iPhone 8 Apple iPhone 7 Off to a Decent, Not Great Start Better Buy: Microsoft Corporation vs. Apple Inc. Why Apple Inc.'s "Modem Gate" Doesn’t Matter Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
null
null
Dear Visitor, Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on. We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge. Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site. So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker’s "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site. Continue on this site freely   HOME     MENU     SEARCH     NEWSLETTER     TECHNOLOGY, DISCOVERY & INNOVATION. UPDATED 12 MINUTES AGO. Home Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation Health Science News Environment Automotive Tech You are here: Home / November 23, 2016 ISACA's half-year, half-price offer THE FRONT PAGE   Failed Study, Dimmed Hopes in Hunt for Alzheimer's Treatment   A treatment for Alzheimer's failed to slow mental decline, ending hope that researchers at Eli Lilly had found a drug that does more to help those suffering from the fatal, mind-robbing disease. Continue Reading... HAPPENING NOW Environment Get Used to Heat Records; Study Predicts Far More in Future Discovery Dino-Killing Asteroid Made Rocks Behave Like Liquid Automotive Tech Volkswagen Bets on New Technology To Bounce Back from Crisis Space Space Station Receives Oldest Female Astronaut, Bit of Mars Innovation Facebook's Solar-Powered Drone Under Investigation After 'Accident' PC Specs for Windows VT Revealed   Gov't Wants Apps Blocked for Drivers   Trump Softens Warming Stance   MORE NEWS Protecting IoT Devices from Hackers Musk: Satellite-Powered Internet Pluto Has a Cold Wandering Heart Smart Speakers: Convenient, Creepy Lyft Lifts Off with New Look, Beacons Samsung Buying Harman for $8B Tesla, SolarCity Merger Approved TubeMogul Acquired by Adobe Sweltering 2016 To Set Heat Record The Complete Guide to Virtual Reality Volvo CEO Hoping To Drive Success Daydream View: Controller Is Key NEWS BY TOPIC Computing HP Results Show Improving PC Sales Facebook Messenger Scam Unveiled Say Goodbye to Apple Wi-Fi Routers Digital Life Tech Giants Seeking Political Peace? Twitter to Devs: Don't Make Spy Tools Study: Students Duped by Fake News Discovery Dino-Killing Asteroid Secrets Unveiled Samsung Recalls Washing Machines Facebook Users Live Longer: Study Space ISS Gets Oldest Female Astronaut Musk: Satellite-Powered Internet Pluto Has a Cold Wandering Heart Innovation PC Specs for Windows VT Revealed Facebook's Internet Drone Crashed Protecting IoT Devices from Hackers Health Hopes for Alzheimer's Drug Dashed Election Stress Disorder Is a Thing Mutations Helped Ebola Spread Science News Chimpanzees Need Friends Too Tiny Fibs Snowball into Big Lies Astronomers Find Hints of Planet Nine Environment Trump Softens Warming Stance Study: Get Used to Heat Records Sweltering 2016 To Set Heat Record Automotive Tech Gov't Wants Apps Blocked for Drivers Volkswagen Bets on New Technology Tesla, SolarCity Merger Approved BITS & BYTES RANDOM BYTES Climate Change and President Trump NEWS PICK Tesla Buying Germany's Grohmann SCI-TECH TODAY Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation Health Science News Environment Automotive Tech NEWSFACTOR NETWORK SITES Enterprise I.T. Sites: NewsFactor Technology News Enterprise Security Today CRM Daily Business & Innovation Sites: Sci-Tech Today NewsFactor Business Report NEWSFACTOR SERVICES About NewsFactor Network How To Advertise Free Newsletters How To Contact Us Services for PR Pros SEO Services Sponsored Content Services Article Reprints Top Tech Wire Privacy Policy Terms of Service © Copyright 2016 NewsFactor Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations On I.T. The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express El Tiempo Latino Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2016 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Arts and Entertainment No, Frank Ocean’s album still hasn’t come out The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Elahe Izadi August 7 Follow @ElaheIzadi Frank Ocean accepts the international male solo artist award during the BRIT Awards in London on Feb. 20, 2013. (Ben Stansall/AFP via Getty Images) America’s pastime of waiting for Frank Ocean’s new album remains intact. The most recent rumored digital release date of the musician’s long-anticipated “Boys Don’t Cry” came and went Friday without a peep from Ocean or any clues from Apple Music, the distributor. Although this is not new territory for Ocean’s fans, there had been promising signs that this time, the wait would end. Early Monday, a cryptic live feed showing a barren warehouse space with studio equipment, marked by an Apple Music logo, appeared on a site connected to the project. Later that day, the New York Times reported that the album would be released Friday, citing a source “with knowledge of the release plans.” [How LGBTQ musicians like Frank Ocean are owning their queerness in pop music] But we should have known better. Trying to piece together a possible release date through Internet tea leaves has left us burned before. There has been talk of this album for years by potential collaborators and by Ocean himself, either directly or through allusions. Ocean said in a 2013 interview that he was “like 10, 11 songs” into the project. In April 2015, a photo showing the singer looking at magazines titled “Boys Don’t Cry” was posted to his Tumblr with the hashtag  #JULY2015. A representative of Ocean confirmed to Billboard that the album and a publication were due in July that year. A year later, a “Due Date” library card image appeared on Ocean’s website. Now some are pointing to that image on the album’s site as a clue to the next possible release date: Nov. 13. But it appears that date has long been there. His brother posted that same image, with the November 2016 date, to Instagram five weeks ago when he implied that the album would drop in July. Could there be a method to this madness? While Ocean’s album is eagerly anticipated, he is no Beyoncé, who can release a project in the absence of rumors or any foreshadowing and have everyone talking about it within hours. Each time one of Ocean’s anticipated album drop dates comes and goes, there’s a spike of attention on the artist whose last album, Grammy-award winning “Channel Orange,” came out four years ago. There are even now Snapchat filters dedicated to this vigil that we continue to keep. But having hopes crushed repeatedly is becoming a bit tired (there’s a reason why The Post declared that “Waiting for a Frank Ocean album” was so last year). So the wait, and the lamenting, continues. Well, it's Friday. #FrankOcean pic.twitter.com/oY9dQZvynu — Jenna Lyons (@JennaJourno) August 5, 2016 Just keep your album #FrankOcean we don't want it anymore — Antonio Mabry (@_TonyJx) August 6, 2016 When Friday comes and goes and there's no new Frank Ocean album https://t.co/K62JkWxorm — Matthew A. Cherry (@MatthewACherry) August 6, 2016 welp…. #FrankOcean pic.twitter.com/POnLfiNmiq — Parker Clary (@ParkerClary) August 6, 2016 All the #FrankOcean fans after they realize they got played for the thousandth time this year pic.twitter.com/1ADBxTJbFS — ⌠vibes⌡ (@Deactvate) August 5, 2016 My favorite song off the album #FrankOcean #boysdontcry pic.twitter.com/YJ8QnbnDFl — fw a handful (@mxcpj) August 5, 2016 Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me. Fool me more, you likely have a beach house you could sell me in Idaho. #FrankOcean — Maris Kreizman (@mariskreizman) August 6, 2016 lifestyle style-blog true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Elahe Izadi is a pop culture writer for The Washington Post. Follow @ElaheIzadi Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 What TV journalists did wrong — and the New York Times did right — in meeting with Trump 2 Carolyn Hax: The pitter-patter of feet she hears is husband moving the goal post 3 Kanye West and how hip-hop tackles mental health 4 For a healthy diet, be choosy about your cheese 5 Michelle Obama didn’t like to discuss her clothes, but they spoke volumes lifestyle style-blog Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Daily Crossword Word game washingtonpost.com © 1996-2016 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing
News Home > Metro > SMEBiz > News < Back to SMG 45 Monday, 8 August 2016 Core and more A tour to the North Pole? Yes, they do that too. Apple Vacations has grown from a small business focused solely on tour packages into a group with diverse interests by slowly expanding from its core business into related fields like F&B, hospitality, cargo space and more. JAROD LIM reports. APPLE Vacations and Conventions has come a long way since its humble beginnings as a little travel agency in 1996. The company, which thinks of travelling as “a journey, not a destination”, recently celebrated its 20th anniversary, having evolved into a more versatile outfit — a travel consultancy that offers comprehensive travel services. Today, Apple Vacations organises tours to 100 countries, and group executive chairman Datuk Seri Lee Ee Hoe is proud that the company has become synonymous with travel. “I am proud of the branding that we have achieved in the tourism industry. It’s just like what Maggi is to instant noodles, and Pampers to diapers — when people think of travelling, they will think of us,” he says at the company’s headquarters on Jalan Sultan Ismail, Kuala Lumpur. Lee observes that the company has grown along with its consumers in terms of how travel is viewed and practised. “We can see the method of travelling has changed drastically. Previously, travellers always think of destinations like Japan as luxury tours, while others might spend one week going around the entire Taiwan island. When people think of travelling, they will think of us,” says Lee “But this started to change when we introduced thematic and in-depth tours, and this has changed the way travellers explore other countries. “In the case of Taiwan, for example, I think they can visit the country four or five times by going to different cities,” Lee says, adding that each trip would be a little different. Lee and his partner, Datuk Seri Koh Yock Heng, founded Apple Vacations at a time when the market already had several big and established players. But even as they went about making a name for themselves in the travel industry, the two ventured into different businesses as well, including in aviation, hotels, property, advertising and media, and food and beverage via subsidiaries held under Apple Resources Holding. They have an arm selling cargo space for Royal Brunei Cargo, Nippon Cargo Airlines and Air Logistic France, and operate two food outlets, Rokko Japanese restaurant and Capitol Cafe. In the advertising and media segment, Apple 101 runs an online travel magazine offering travel tips and destinations, with readers also able to shop, redeem vouchers and book hotel rooms through the website. Today, Apple’s tour and travel business posts annual revenue of between RM250mil and RM280mil. The company caters to Muslim tourists to Japan too. Lee, who is fondly known as Lee San (a Japanese honorific he earned for the work done in the Land of the Rising Sun), says Japan tours are the company’s mainstay. Having studied in Japan for six years prior to founding the company certainly helped him to understand what Japan had to offer. “For the Japan market, we capitalise on its culture and uniqueness. When we talk about snow in the winter, lavender in the summer or the onsen (hot spring), we know these will not fail us. This keeps us confident about selling the tours,” he says. “It is also something that our brand has fulfilled. We are known for offering thematic and in-depth tours, especially to Japan,” he stresses. At present, Apple Vacations commands a 20% market share for tours to Japan. In December 2014, when Japan offered Malaysians visa exemption for short-term stays in the country, outbound travels to Japan bounced — almost doubling. Artist rendition of the Impression Melaka. “The number of local tourists to Japan increased from about 180,000 to 220,000 travellers to about 400,000 after the visa exemption. “Prior to the exemption, we actually had 40% market share, but this does not mean that our customers have reduced. It’s just that there are simply more budget flights to Japan, hence more budget travellers. “But they do not fall into the company’s customer categories,” explains Lee. “Overall, our customers have increased. One-fifth of Malaysians going to Japan travel with us,” he notes. “In Malaysia, we offer some of the most expensive tours but with quality guaranteed. If you are tired of budget travel, it’s high time for you to come to us for a pampering tour,” pitches Lee. Speaking of travelling trends, Lee says travellers used to be happy just to explore the attractions of a country without really bothering too much about food or accommodation. Le Apple Boutique Hotel along Jalan Ampang is owned by Apple Vacations. “Now, people think differently. They see travel not as a ‘mission’ but as a leisurely activity. They want to enjoy better food and comfort. We have thought about introducing more special tours, such as museum visits and trekking trips, to Malaysians but, unlike the Taiwanese, we still don’t have that kind of market. “These kinds of tours will create a lot of awareness among travellers on specific subjects, and the expectation is different,” he says. Nonetheless, Apple Vacations is continuing to push new travel experiences where it can. A few years ago, it worked closely with tea specialists and started tea tours to Southern China to educate travellers on the origins of the tea. These tea tours are still ongoing, and the company also intends to add special tours revolving around coffee to Taiwan and Central America soon. Lee says he is looking forward to introducing more exotic tours such as to the Galapagos islands and the Amazon River, as well as to organise more chartered flights for tour package buyers to other countries. Moving forward, Apple Resources Holding expects to list its travel business by the end of the year and is looking at building more boutique hotels in Kuala Lumpur, Malacca and Penang. Japan is a big market for Apple, so it’s not surprising that the fourth floor of the company’s HQ has a Japanese-themed meeting room. Currently, the company operates two Le Apple Boutique Hotels in Bukit Bintang and Jalan Ampang, Kuala Lumpur, as well as The Yard Boutique Hotel in Kuala Lumpur. “We have chartered flights from Malaysia Airlines for about 282 travellers of different group tours to Hokkaido. “Currently, we also do chartered flights to Bhutan, and we are looking at offering this service to central Japan and Okinawa. This year alone, we have organised seven chartered flights to Hokkaido. If there is a demand, I’m looking at 20 to 50 chartered flights a year for the four places,” he says. Apple Resources is also invested in the mega-project Impression City, a joint venture with Yong Tai Bhd that combines the draw of a new tourist attraction and property development. Located in Kota Laksamana, the project will be carried out in 11 phases with total gross development value (GDV) estimated to be around RM5.4bil over a period of eight to 10 years. It includes Impression Melaka, the largest performance theatre in Malaysia that features a 360° rotating auditorium with the Straits of Malacca for background and with state-of-the-art lighting and audio technologies as well as modern art concepts. Lee’s business is travel, and he also likes to travel for leisure, including to the Antartica. Impression Melaka is expected to kick off in 2018 and has an estimated GDV of RM729mil. Created by the directors of the 2008 Beijing Olympics, Zhang Yi Mou, Wang Chaoge and Fan Yu, it will be the first live Impression Series show to be staged outside of China. “We diversified into property development one-and-a-half years ago, and this will combine the downstream and upstream of the tourism industry. “After we are publicly listed, we will collaborate closely with Yong Tai. We will introduce our travellers to Impression Melaka and make Impression City a one-stop tourist spot,” Lee says. Tags / Keywords: Central Region , apple , vacations , tours Related Stories Briefs Apple Vacations says its brand is its reputation You May Be Interested Debut project to be ready in last quarter of 2018 Yew Sin-Ee Yi continue fine run in Hong Kong Pokémon Go: Dittos are hiding in plain sight Fraud in Felda Global Ventures Rejuvenate yourself with American ginseng Apple issues recall on September, October 2015 iPhone 6S Others Also Read Haley lends Trump team diversity but little diplomatic heft M’sia, Thailand to begin talks on Bangkok-KL HSR project - Thai Minister Japan enlists Sailor Moon to promote safe sex advertisement Latest News Brexit fallout to cost UK extra £122bil over five years Industrials lift Dow to record, techs drag S&P and Nasdaq (Update 1) Iraq willing to cut oil output in Opec’s plan to boost prices - PM FGV confirms probe is on Felda Iffco’s subsidiary Healthcare stocks drag Wall Street lower Most Viewed in Metro Putting the city at risk Men in Selangor urged to have regular medical check-ups Teenage schoolgirls learn the facts of life New life springs up on Botak Hill Impressive show by cheerleaders of all ages "Octopus" bridge ready by March Taking charge of your responsibilities Pasar malam traders feeling the pinch Debut project to be ready in last quarter of 2018 Helping young entrepreneurs get involved in creative industries Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)


NJ.com Menu Home News Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Photos/Videos Obituaries Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Health Classifieds Local Businesses Place An Ad Opinion Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu News News by County All Newspapers Business Crime Education Health Lottery Obituaries Politics Back to Main Menu Atlantic Bergen Burlington Camden Cape May Cumberland Essex Gloucester Hudson Hunterdon Mercer Middlesex Monmouth Morris Ocean Passaic Salem Somerset Sussex Union Warren Back to Main Menu The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Independent Press Horse News Back to Main Menu Politics Home Chris Christie Opinion The Auditor Back to Main Menu Sports Home Devils Eagles Flyers Giants Jets Knicks Mets Nets Phillies Rangers Red Bulls Rutgers Basketball Rutgers Football Rutgers Sports Seton Hall Sixers Yankees Back to Main Menu Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Gymnastics Girls Volleyball Girls Tennis Boys Basketball Wrestling Off Season Sports Bergen County Back to Main Menu Baseball Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Fencing Girls Fencing Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Volleyball Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Softball Wrestling Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home Atlantic City Entertainment Celebrities Comics Events Food & Dining Indulge Inside Jersey Movies Music Puzzles Shore TV Back to Main Menu Hunterdon County Democrat Photos Jersey Journal Photos NJ.com Photos South Jersey Times Photos Star-Ledger Photos Times of Trenton Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Find n Save Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Sponsored Blogs Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter View our Instagram photos See our Tumblr feed See our Pinterest page Visit us on Google Plus Visit OMJ for NJ celebrity & style Back to Main Menu Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search NJ.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NJ.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette comments WATCH: Giants CB Eli Apple locks down Victor Cruz Giants' CB Eli Apple covers Victor Cruz Print Email Dan Duggan | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com By Dan Duggan | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com The Star-Ledger Email the author | Follow on Twitter on August 07, 2016 at 8:31 AM, updated August 07, 2016 at 8:58 AM comments EAST RUTHERFORD — Giants rookie cornerback Eli Apple had the best practice of his young career on Saturday. The Giants ran a bunch of 1-on-1 receiver vs. cornerback drills in the red zone and Apple excelled. He was particularly strong against Victor Cruz in one drill early in practice. You can watch the two matchups between Apple and Cruz in the video above. Takeways from Saturday's practice On the first play, Cruz tried to run a corner route. Apple stuck with the receiver step-for-step and batted down a soft pass from quarterback Ryan Nassib. Later, Cruz ran a nice slant route, but Apple remained in tight coverage. Eli Manning tried to squeeze a low pass into Cruz, but Apple was in position and may have gotten a hand on the pass that fell incomplete. "What was encouraging about Eli was that he got a holding penalty early and he bounced back and didn't get one the rest of the (practice)," coach Ben McAdoo said. "There was tight man-to-man coverage and he was physical out there and he forced guys to the sideline and boundary and it left the quarterback no room to throw the ball, so that was exciting to see." Dan Duggan may be reached at dduggan@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @DDuggan21. Find our Giants coverage on Facebook.   Listen to the latest episode of our Giants podcast Subscribe on iTunes Subscribe on Stitcher Subscribe on SoundCloud Giants Update NFL Scores & Schedules © 2013 STATS LLC. All rights reserved. Standings Schedule Players Standings Schedule Players nj.com About Us About NJ.com Advertise with us Contact Us Visit OMJ.com Frequently Asked Questions Jobs at NJ Advance Media Newsletters RSS feeds More on NJ.com Interact Weather Site map Claim your free business listing Sponsor Content Search Place an ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Post a job Post a free classified ad Apartments & rentals NJ.com Sections N.J. News Local News N.J. Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Food & Recipes Living Business Opinion Inside Jersey Shore Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Special Sections Contribute to NJ.com Register for free with NJ.com Submit an event Follow Us Twitter Google+ Facebook foursquare Newspaper stories and photos The Star-Ledger | Subscribe The Times of Trenton | Subscribe The Jersey Journal | Subscribe South Jersey Times | Subscribe Hunterdon County Democrat | Subscribe Star Gazette | Subscribe The Warren Reporter Suburban News Horse News Learn more about our newspapers Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 New Jersey On-Line LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of New Jersey On-Line LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Subscribe Newsletters Digital Library RSS Search: Site Source Code Home Articles News Blogs Source Code Dobb's TV Webinars & Events Sections ▼ Home Articles News Blogs Source Code Dobb's TV Webinars & Events Cloud Mobile Parallel .NET JVM Languages C/C++ Tools Design Testing Web Dev Jolt Awards Channels ▼ Cloud Mobile Parallel .NET JVM Languages C/C++ Tools Design Testing Web Dev Jolt Awards Design Tweet Permalink Gary Kildall and Collegial Entrepreneurship By Michael Swaine, April 01, 1997 In the early days of the personal-computer revolution, the atmosphere at those shoestring startup companies with names like "Golemics" and "Loving Grace Cybernetics" was often more academic than businesslike. This collegiate ambiance touched everything, from the ways in which decisions were made and respect allocated, right down to sophomoric pranks and styles of dress. There's a fairly obvious reason for this, or at least for some of it: Microcomputers were a new field, ripe for rapid advances, and that's a situation that fits neatly into a collegial atmosphere in which information is openly shared. When discoveries are freely shared, it's easier to build quickly on those discoveries; conversely, when progress is rapid, there is less reason to hold onto yesterday's discoveries. This natural synergy between rapid progress and information sharing is one key factor in the spectacular growth in the use and acceptance of computers over the past 20 years. It's one of the reasons that the personal-computer revolution really has been a revolution. In time, companies like Apple and Microsoft would emphasize this synergy, explicitly calling their corporate headquarters "campuses." Even today, computer hardware and software companies often have a lot of the look and feel of grad school. But this predilection for a collegial atmosphere predates Apple and Microsoft. And while it didn't start there either, it was nowhere more evident in the early days than at one of the first personal-computer software companiesDigital Research. Digital Research could hardly have been anything but collegial: The company that gave personal computers their first operating system was the brainchild of a perpetual academic and born teacher. His name was Gary Kildall. Seattle Gary Kildall seemed fated to be a teacher. His uncle would later claim that it was what Gary had always wanted. Teaching certainly was in his blood: The Kildall family actually owned and operated a small college. More precisely, it was a school for the teaching of navigation, based in Seattle, Washington. The Kildall College of Nautical Knowledge, the family called it; it was founded in 1924 by Gary's grandfather. Many Kildalls taught or worked at the school, including Gary himself, for a while, after graduating from high school. But he had decided that year that he was going to be a math teacher, so he enrolled at the University of Washington. Newly married to high-school sweetheart Dorothy McEwen, he buckled down and applied himself to his studies, trying to put a childhood of mediocre grades, fast cars, and pranks behind him. Somewhere along the way to a math degree he got hooked on computers. On finishing his degree, Gary went on to graduate school in computer science. He was still headed for a career in teaching, only now it would be teaching computer science at one of the few colleges that had programs back then. But there was a hitch. He had joined the Naval Reserve, and it was the '60s, with the Vietnam war in full flower. The Navy gave him a choice: Go to Vietnam or take a faculty position at the Naval Postgraduate School in Monterey, California. Gary thought about it for a microsecond and chose Monterey. Even when the Navy told him what to do, the answer was the same: Teach. Monterey It was in Monterey that Gary created CP/M, the program that brought him success and that became the unquestioned standard operating system throughout the microcomputer industry. CP/M was a good product and deserved, for many technical reasons, to be the standard. But getting there first always helps, too. And CP/M actually appeared a year before the first commercial microcomputer arrived on the scene. Unlike operating systems before and since, CP/M was not the result of years of research by a team of software engineers. It was, like most software of its time, the invention of one individual. That individual was Gary Kildall, and if chance put Kildall in just the right place at just the right time, you would have to say, in retrospect, that chance chose well. As it did with Bill Gates, chance spoke to Gary Kildall through a note on a college bulletin board, college bulletin boards apparently being the Schwabb's Drug Store of personal-computer fame. The note talked about a $25 "microcomputer," a pretty good deal even at 1972 prices. It was actually describing not a computer but the first microprocessor, the 4004 that Ted Hoff had designed at Intel. Presumably, this note was an advertisement torn from a recent issue of Electronics News. Intel had hired Regis McKenna to write the ad at Hoff's urging. Hoff was convinced that techies would see the virtue of this new device, this general-purpose processor, and urged that it be advertised, extravagantly but not altogether inaccurately, as a "microcomputer." This would make it absolutely clear that it was not just another limited-purpose device, but something fundamentally different. Hoff was sure that engineers and programmers would get it. Kildall got it, literally, sending off his $25 for one of the first Intel 4004 chips. It was 1972. Kildall was busy teaching computer science at the United States Naval Postgraduate School in Monterey. He and Dorothy (and son Scotty) had moved into a house in neighboring Pacific Grove. The Seattle natives loved this scenic coastal town, with its laid-back, fog-draped ambiance. The place suited the easy-going professor. Whether in class or among family and friends the lanky, shaggy-maned Kildall spoke with the same soft voice, the same disarming wit. Although he was teaching at a naval installation, he wouldn't have been out of place on any college campus in his customary sport shirts and jeans. When he had a point to make he would often cast about for chalk or a pencil; he was an incurable diagram drawer. Gary was happy in his marriage, happy to be living by the ocean, happy not to have gone to Vietnam, and most definitely happy in his job. He loved teaching, and the work left him time to program. Nothing in his life was preparing him to run a business, to handle a spectacularly successful software company supplying the essential software for hundreds of different computer models in an industry running wild. Everything argued for his staying right where he was forever, teaching and programming. At first, the 4004 seemed to fit in with that scenario. Gary started writing programs for the 4004. His father, up at that little navigation school in Seattle, had always wanted a machine that would compute navigation triangles. Gary made that his project, writing some arithmetic programs to run on the 4004, thinking idly that he might come up with something that his father could use. He was really just fooling around with the device, trying to see how far he could push it, and with what speed and accuracy. Not all that far, he soon learned. The 4 in 4004 meant that the device dealt with data in 4-bit chunksless than a character. Getting anything useful done with it was a pain, and performance was pitiful. Although he was frustrated by the limitations of the 4004, he was fascinated by what it promised. Early in 1972 he visited Intel and was surprised to see how small the microcomputer division (dedicated to the 4004 and the new 8008) was: The company had set aside only a few small rooms for the entire division. Gary and the Intel microcomputer people got along well, though, and he began working there as a consultant on his one free day a week. He spent months programming the 4004 in this day-a-week mode until he "nearly went crazy with it." He realizedand it was a radical idea for the time  that he would never go back to "big" computers again. Which is not to say that he stopped using "big" computers. With both the 4004 and the significantly more powerful 8008 that he soon moved on to, he was doing his development work on a minicomputer, much as Bill Gates and Paul Allen did later in writing software for the breakthrough MITS Altair computer. Like Paul Allen, he wrote programs to simulate the microprocessor on the "big" minicomputer, and used this simulated microprocessor, with its simulated instruction set, to test the programs he wrote to run on the real microprocessor. But unlike Gates and Allen, Gary had the benefit of a development system, essentially a full microcomputer spun out around the microprocessor, so he could try out his work on the real thing as he went along. In a few months he had created a language implementation called "PL/M," a version of the mainframe language PL/I that was significantly more sophisticated than Basic. The Lab As partial payment for his work, Gary received a development system of his own, which he immediately set up in the back of his classroom. This allowed him to combine his new obsession with microcomputers and his love of teaching. The system in the back of the classroom became the Naval Postgraduate School's first  if not the world's first  academic microcomputer lab. And academic it was. This was not just Gary's toy; he used it to teach students about the technology, and encouraged them to explore it. His curious students took him up on it, spending hours after class tinkering with the machine. When Intel upgraded this Intellec-8 from an 8008 to its new 8080 processor and gave Gary a display monitor and a high-speed paper tape reader, he and his students were working with a system comparable tofavorably comparable tothe early Altair computer before the Altair was even conceived. Gary realized, though, that he was missing an essential ingredient of a really useful computer system  an efficient storage medium. In the early '70s, paper tape was one of the standard storage media, along with the infamous punched card. Neither was very efficient, and the issue was particularly critical on microcomputer systems because the relatively slow microprocessors couldn't offset the inherent slowness of the mechanical process of punching holes in pieces of paper. IBM had recently introduced a new storage medium that was much faster and more efficient. It was based on the existing technology of recording data as patterns of magnetization on large rapidly spinning disks, a medium that had everything going for it except price. But IBM engineers figured out how to scale down this technology to something smaller and more affordable, creating the floppy-disk drive. One $5 floppy disk held as much data as a 200-foot spool of paper tape, and a floppy-disk drive could be had for around $500. The combination of the microprocessor and the floppy disk drive meant that, in Kildall's words, "It was no longer necessary to share computer resources." In other words, the elements of a personal computer were at hand. Well, most of the elements. Gary soon found that some important components were still annoyingly missing. By this time, an industry was developing to create these floppy-disk drives in volume, and Shugart was the pioneer of this industry. Once again, Gary traded some programming for some hardware, getting himself (and the microcomputer lab) a Shugart disk drive. But for the disk drive to work with the Intellec-8, another piece of hardware was needed, a controller board that fit in the Intellec-8 and handled the complicated communication between the computer and disk drive. This piece of hardware, unfortunately, did not exist. Gary tried his hand more than once at building the controller. When that proved more challenging than he expected, he explored the idea of using a different magnetic medium  ordinary audio tape, mounted on a conventional tape recorder. His efforts in interfacing a tape recorder with the Intellec-8 were no more successful than his efforts to build a disk controller. It soon became clear that his considerable programming expertise was no substitute for the hardware knowledge needed to build a device that would connect the Intellec-8 with an efficient storage device. It is worth noting that Kildall was well ahead of his time: When MITS, IMSAI, and other companies began marketing microcomputers, they began with paper-tape or magnetic-tape storage. It would be several years yet before disk drives came into common use on microcomputers. Finally, in 1973, admitting hardware defeat, Gary turned to an old friend from the University of Washington, John Torode. Torode would later found his own computer company, but in 1973, he was just doing a favor for his old friend. "John," Gary said, "we've got a really good thing going here if we can just get this drive working." Torode got the drive working. Entrepreneur Meanwhile, Gary found himself involved with another hardware engineer on another microprocessor-based project. This project, for all its apparent frivolousness, was the first hint of any genuine commercial ambitions on the part of Gary Kildall. The project was the ill-fated Astrology Machine. Ben Cooper was a San Francisco hardware designer who had worked with George Morrow on disk systems and later would, like Torode, start his own computer company, Micromation. In the early '70s, he thought he could build a commercially successful machine to cast horoscopes, and he enlisted Gary's help. The business was not a success  "a total bust," Gary later called it. Still, the Astrology Machine gave Gary the first field test of several programs he had written and rewritten over the past months: a debugger, an assembler, and part of an editor. He also wrote a Basic interpreter that he used to program the Astrology Machine. Since, for Gary, there was little distinction between his academic work and his commercial or consulting work, he passed on the tricks he came up with to his students. He passed the tricks he came up with in writing the Basic interpreter on to a young naval officer named Gordon Eubanks (today, president and CEO of Symantec). All the programs, with the exception of the interpreter, became part of the disk operating system he was writing to control the controller that Torode was building. 1 2 3 Next Related Reading News Commentary News SmartBear Supports Selenium WebDriver JetBrains Upsource 1.0 Final Release Devart dbForge Studio For MySQL With Phrase Completion Docker Clocks In On AzureMore News» Commentary biicode 2.0 Is Buzzing Abstractions For Binary Search, Part 10: Putting It All Together Parasoft DevTest Shifts To Continuous Hosting USBMore Commentary» Slideshow Video Slideshow Jolt Awards: The Best Books Jolt Awards 2014: The Best Programmer Libraries 2013 Developer Salary Survey 2012 Jolt Awards: Mobile ToolsMore Slideshows» Video Dr. Dobb's Readers Invited to Judge at ISEF 2014 IBM Five in Five Predictions What Is the Future of Mobile? Connected VehiclesMore Videos» Most Popular Most Popular Why Build Your Java Projects with Gradle Rather than Ant or Maven? Hadoop: Writing and Running Your First Project 13 Linux Debuggers for C++ Reviewed Building RESTful APIs with TornadoMore Popular» More Insights White Papers The Role of the WAN in Your Hybrid Cloud The Challenges Behind Multi-Cloud Management More >> Reports Research: Federal Government Cloud Computing Survey Database Defenses More >> Webcasts How to Mitigate Fraud & Cyber Threats with Big Data and Analytics Big Data and Customer Interaction Analytics: How To Create An Innovative Customer Experience More >> INFO-LINK Currently we allow the following HTML tags in comments: Single tags These tags can be used alone and don't need an ending tag. <br> Defines a single line break <hr> Defines a horizontal line Matching tags These require an ending tag - e.g. <i>italic text</i> <a> Defines an anchor <b> Defines bold text <big> Defines big text <blockquote> Defines a long quotation <caption> Defines a table caption <cite> Defines a citation <code> Defines computer code text <em> Defines emphasized text <fieldset> Defines a border around elements in a form <h1> This is heading 1 <h2> This is heading 2 <h3> This is heading 3 <h4> This is heading 4 <h5> This is heading 5 <h6> This is heading 6 <i> Defines italic text <p> Defines a paragraph <pre> Defines preformatted text <q> Defines a short quotation <samp> Defines sample computer code text <small> Defines small text <span> Defines a section in a document <s> Defines strikethrough text <strike> Defines strikethrough text <strong> Defines strong text <sub> Defines subscripted text <sup> Defines superscripted text <u> Defines underlined text Dr. Dobb's encourages readers to engage in spirited, healthy debate, including taking us to task. However, Dr. Dobb's moderates all comments posted to our site, and reserves the right to modify or remove any content that it determines to be derogatory, offensive, inflammatory, vulgar, irrelevant/off-topic, racist or obvious marketing or spam. Dr. Dobb's further reserves the right to disable the profile of any commenter participating in said activities.   To upload an avatar photo, first complete your Disqus profile. | View the list of supported HTML tags you can use to style comments. | Please read our commenting policy.   Design Recent Articles Dr. Dobb's Archive Farewell, Dr. Dobb's Thriving Among the APIs The Long Death of Project Hosting Sites Testing for Failures with Python Most Popular Stories Blogs RESTful Web Services: A Tutorial iOS Data Storage: Core Data vs. SQLite So You Want To Write Your Own Language? Jolt Awards: The Best Books Writing Lock-Free Code: A Corrected Queue C++11: unique_ptr SDLC: SDLC models Advantages & disadvantages 20 Heads In a Row - What Are the Odds? Java's Floating-Point (Im)Precision Assembler to C Video View All Videos This month's Dr. Dobb's Journal This month, Dr. Dobb's Journal is devoted to mobile programming. We introduce you to Apple's new Swift programming language, discuss the perils of being the third-most-popular mobile platform, revisit SQLite on Android , and much more! Download the latest issue today. >> Upcoming Events Live Events WebCasts Interop ITX - The Independent Conference for Tech Leaders - Interop ITX 2017 Attend the Leading Unified Comms & Collaboration Event - Enterprise Connect Orlando 2017 Attend the Contact Center/Customer Experience at EC17 - Enterprise Connect Orlando 2017 Systems Management & Network Design Track at EC17 - Enterprise Connect Orlando 2017 Next-Gen Messaging & Team Collaboration - New Track! - Enterprise Connect Orlando 2017 More Live Events>> Agile Desktop Infrastructures: You CAN Have It All Asset Management For Electronics Industry Client Windows Migration: Expert Tips for Application Readiness Advanced Threat Protection For Dummies ebook and Using Big Data Security Analytics to Identify Advanced Threats Webcast How to Create an End-to-End Enterprise Payments Hub More Webcasts>> Featured Reports     What's this? Cloud Collaboration Tools: Big Hopes, Big Needs State of Cloud 2011: Time for Process Maturation SaaS and E-Discovery: Navigating Complex Waters Research: Federal Government Cloud Computing Survey Will IPv6 Make Us Unsafe? More >> Featured Whitepapers     What's this? The Role of the WAN in Your Hybrid Cloud Stop Malware, Stop Breaches? How to Add Values Through Malware Analysis ESG White Paper: Network Encryption and Security 5 Ways UC Makes IT a Hero Infographic: Challenges in Managing a Hybrid Cloud More >> Most Recent Premium Content Digital Issues 2014 Dr. Dobb's Journal November - Mobile Development August - Web Development May - Testing February - Languages Dr. Dobb's Tech Digest DevOps Open Source Windows and .NET programming The Design of Messaging Middleware and 10 Tips from Tech Writers Parallel Array Operations in Java 8 and Android on x86: Java Native Interface and the Android Native Development Kit 2013 January - Mobile Development February - Parallel Programming March - Windows Programming April - Programming Languages May - Web Development June - Database Development July - Testing August - Debugging and Defect Management September - Version Control October - DevOps November- Really Big Data December - Design 2012 January - C & C++ February - Parallel Programming March - Microsoft Technologies April - Mobile Development May - Database Programming June - Web Development July - Security August - ALM & Development Tools September - Cloud & Web Development October - JVM Languages November - Testing December - DevOps 2011 TECHNOLOGY GROUP Black Hat Content Marketing Institute Content Marketing World Dark Reading Enterprise Connect Fusion GDC GTEC Gamasutra HDI ICMI InformationWeek Interop ITX Network Computing No Jitter VRDC COMMUNITIES SERVED Content Marketing Enterprise IT Enterprise Communications Game Developers Information Security IT Services & Support WORKING WITH US Advertising Contacts Event Calendar Tech Marketing Solutions Contact Us Licensing Terms of Service Privacy Statement Copyright © 2016 UBM, All rights reserved Dr. Dobb's Home Articles News Blogs Source Code Dobb's TV Webinars & Events About Us Contact Us Site Map Editorial Calendar
Follow بالعربيه Log In Search this site: Country Specific News Algeria Bahrain Egypt Iran Iraq Jordan KSA Kuwait Lebanon Libya Morocco Oman Palestine Qatar Sudan Syria Tunisia UAE Yemen HOME NEWS BUSINESS ENTERTAINMENT SPORTS WEATHER EDITOR'S CHOICE THE LOOP Home » Business » Tech Trends » Get The Most Out Of The Olympics With These Apps ALSO IN BUSINESS 1 - 5 OF 15 Egypt considers offering VAT refund scheme for tourists Puttin on the ritz: UAE and Qatar enjoy highest average levels of wealth in MENA Saudi Arabia's two new mining cities ready for investment Oman's latest tax targets the wealthy Italy to provide Saudi Arabia's police with counter-terrorism, security training Cheese please: MENA's cheese imports bypass those to China and North America combined Siemens secures $12.4M contract to power Qatar's Hamad Port megaproject Cairo's cabbies triumphant as government raises fares to match fuel price hike Jordan's national strategy for financial inclusion to target SMEs, women Kuwait pines for the island life with $132B development plan Jordan halts recruitment of Ghanian maids after slew of HIV-positive diagnoses Egypt amasses $3B following currency flotation Khalaf Al Habtoor calls for pan-GCC economic bloc, common currency independent of dollar Oman's Central Bank eases provisions for restructured loans Saudi Arabia moves to modernize water and energy sectors Get the most out of the Olympics with these apps Get the most out of the Olympics with these apps 2.5 5 Published August 7th, 2016 - 11:00 GMT via SyndiGate.info Rate Article: Select ratingPoorOkayGoodGreatAwesome   Tweet comment (0) Share: Facebook Twitter Google+ Linkedin Pinterest Delicious Stumbleupon Digg Reddit Athletes the world over start duking it out at the 2016 Summer Olympicsin Rio de Janeiro. (File photo) Follow > Click here to add Airbnb as an alert Click here to remove the Airbnb alert Disable alert for Airbnb, Click here to add Alvin R. Cabral as an alert Click here to remove the Alvin R. Cabral alert Disable alert for Alvin R. Cabral, Click here to add Netflix as an alert Click here to remove the Netflix alert Disable alert for Netflix Athletes the world over start duking it out at the 2016 Summer Olympicsin Rio de Janeiro tomorrow. And whether you're in the Brazilian city or not, you can enjoy the action in one way or another on any of your devices from our very own coverageor from some offerings from Apple. While doodling around with your device in the comfort of wherever-you-wish, check out these apps that can give you a slice of all the action, or fantasise yourself seeking Olympic glory: . beIN Connect - Well let's start off with how to enjoy the games live on your device, shall we? beIN's got the action for you and you can plan your days ahead with their schedule. . Strava - Why not start your own mini-Olympics with this running and cycling app that tracks your runs and rides with GPS? Even better, issue challenges to your friends and pretend your sprinting all the way to the finish line with gold hanging in the balance? . Freeletics Bodyweight - If you're dreaming of one day flashing off those muscles and abs in the Olympics (or anywhere you want to show it off), allow this app to help you towards that dream. Claiming to be the most effective fitness programme, it assists you in deciding whether you need to lose or gain weight or just shape up with numerous exercise regimens, all that can adapt to your (we assume) busy schedule. And yeah, be inspired by their models on their homepage. . YogaGlo - Too tired or too busy to sweat it out? Try the ancient art of yoga to calm yourself down from a rough day with a pretty good selection of over 3,500 classes that'll suit your style, level and duration. You can help yourself to the best yoga teachers, as well as learn the basics if you're a newbie. Your activity can be tracked using Health Kit and the Apple Watch; the app also complements other activities such as running, cycling, cross-training, golfing, etc. Even if you're offline, up to 10 yoga classes can be viewed. Anywhere. And if you just saw your team lose and happen to have an Apple TV, you take a break from the Games with these apps until defeat has finally settled in, you've calmed down and have the courage to tell yourself "I will NOT swear at anyone": . SketchParty TV - So what's some app with "sketch" on it doing here in an Olympics-related piece? Not much, except for the fact that you can light up the competition by drawing or playing some Pictionary-style games with it, among others. Gather your family or friends and challenge each other; the cuteness is sure to rub off on you. . Beat Sports Remote - You don't have to physically beat up someone or something out of frustration - though you can beat up each other using this unique game. Beat Sports' collection of music-infused games combine sports and music - thus the name - by combining hitting balls and notes. As they put it, swing, volley and score to the beat of the music. . Netflix - Does Netflix even need an intro?  And if you're blessed and lucky enough to be actually in Rio, here are some useful apps that can help you a lot (and why not say hi to the athletes or get us an autograph, souvenir or food from there as well?): . Skyscanner - This all-in-one travel buddy allows you to check flights, hotels and cars-for-hire, showing you any price changes or which day they will be cheaper - at no additional cost. . Airbnb - The official alternative accommodation services supplier for the Rio Games will help you find the best and most interesting places to go and stay, and helps you rent it out in a jiffy. You won't be short of choices; over 600,000 listings in more than 34,000 cities are waiting to be discovered by you. . Currency - As with any responsible traveller, you need to be aware of your currency conversions. Providing up-to-date forex rates for over 150 countries and currencies, you'll be able to make sure you'll get your Brazilian real's worth. . Uber - Shame if you don't know Uber by now. . Restorando - Ah... what will going to some place be without trying the local fare? Reserve online for free and savour all the unique dishes there are in Brazil. And after the Rio Olympics, why not go on a little Latin America food trip? Use the app to spot the best restos in places like Argentina, Chile, Colombia, Panama, Peru and Uruguay as well. And of course, don't forget about the Rio 2016 app itself, and our very own coverage. By Alvin R. Cabral Join Albawaba Business Follow Albawaba Business Advertisement Copyright © 2016 Khaleej Times. All Rights Reserved. Rate Article: Select ratingPoorOkayGoodGreatAwesome   Tweet comment (0) Share: Facebook Twitter Google+ Linkedin Pinterest Delicious Stumbleupon Digg Reddit EDITOR’S CHOICE 1 - 4 OF 12 Against all odds: Daughter of Dubai housemaid becomes university lecturer Zain Bahrain backs first woman to participate in racing team Two Qatari women robbed in $5 million heist in Paris Distributor in for a roasting as 810,000 rotten chickens seized Dubai doctor removes freakishly huge tumor from behind woman’s eye Waiter jailed for faking explicit social media account of policeman in UAE Tiger attacks young girl in Saudi Arabia, highlighting the dangers of the Gulf’s fascination with wild pets Would you believe that Saudi men prefer natural beauty? After surviving 100 years in the turbulent Middle East, Sufi cleric is executed by Daesh in Egypt Break a leg! And climb mount Everest while you’re at it: World’s first female amputee success story Saudi women drop the niqab in conservative Riyadh Hamas clamps down on 'insecure' Israeli sim cards in Gaza Top Headlines Egyptian wrestling medalist's father detained over beating her to death FIFA boss Infantino gets support for World Cup expansion Oman's Fatma Al Nabhani reaches semifinals at Arab Tennis Championships Abu Dhabi Grand Prix: Jenson Button and Felipe Massa prepare for emotional farewell Dubai court drops extramarital sex charges against British rape victim RECENT ARTICLES Egypt considers offering VAT refund scheme for tourists Puttin on the ritz: UAE and Qatar enjoy highest average levels of wealth in MENA Beware of the video that can crash your iPhone Saudi Arabia's two new mining cities ready for investment Egyptian banking pioneer Nevine Loutfy murdered in Cairo home FEATURED STORIES Facebook Messenger debuts KLM boarding pass feature iPhone SE vs iPhone 6s: Worth the switch? Facebook will be a world's largest 'virtual graveyard' by 2098 Do you still read a printed newspaper? Sharjah students help you 'Face Your Fear' with new phobia-conquering app RELATED ARTICLES Rio 2016: Get into the Olympic spirit with these iPhone apps Samsung WOW App Connects Millions Worldwide to Sochi 2014 Olympic Winter Games Arabs dust off your snow boots! The Middle East goes to the Sochi Winter Olympics Refugee Mardini making waves in and out of the Olympic pool Olympics and World Cup get all the 2014 attention - on and off pitch MOST POPULAR Egypt addresses acute medicine shortage with imports, subsidies Russian optimism on oil production talks raises hopes for Doha Jordan: Investor confidence rises for the first time in eight months LG signature set to dazzle brides to be at the Quintessentially Weddings Atelier GEMS Education joins 1776’s Global Open Innovation Network to develop EdTech initiatives across its schools Add a new comment Reply to - X Write your comment... Post as anonymous From Around The Web Most Popular Most Discussed Contact the Editor Post-Trump victory US sees surge in hate crimes against Muslims Israeli settlers resist demolition of illegal Amona outpost Turkish officers seek asylum after brutal post-coup crackdown Egypt addresses acute medicine shortage with imports, subsidies Watch US Spokesperson attack Russia Today reporter over Syria question   More Stories » User login Log In Log in to Al Bawaba in order to manage your various website activities Login with Facebook Login with LinkedIn Login with Google Login with Live   © 2000 - 2016 Al Bawaba (www.albawaba.com) About Us Advertising Content Contact Us PR Services RSS Terms of Use
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Apple > iWorld > iPhone FLASH SALE: VDownloader      50% OFF! Leaked Video Shows iPhone 7 Family, Including Pro Model GO Three iPhones revealed in the most recent leak Aug 7, 2016 06:48 GMT  ·  By Bogdan Popa  ·  Share:  If you’re an Apple enthusiast, you probably know that Cupertino is expected to introduce a new iPhone generation next month, and the chances are that the new model will be super similar in terms of looks to the current 6s lineup. But according to this newly leaked video, Apple is planning to unveil not two, but three different iPhone models, as the company will also introduce a Pro version of its flagship device. First and foremost it’s worth mentioning that what we see here are iPhone dummies, so there’s a big chance that the video is inaccurate, and a Pro model is not planned by Apple. But on the other hand, this isn’t the first time we’re hearing about the Pro version of the next iPhone, so it’s hard to tell for the moment if the 2016 iPhone lineup comprises two or three models. This video presents all the visual changes that we’ve heard about before, including the new cameras - the standard 4.7-inch iPhone will get a larger unit moved slightly closer to the top left corner while the Plus model will boast a dual camera configuration. The antenna lines have been moved to the top and bottom sides of the phone while the headphone jack has been removed and replaced with a secondary speaker grille No dual cameras on the Pro? As far as the Pro version of the iPhone is concerned, there’s something fishy here. The video shows a model that looks exactly the same as the iPhone Plus, featuring a 5.5-inch screen, but a regular camera, and not a dual-camera setup. This is kind of weird, especially because the Pro model would be a more powerful iPhone than the Plus, so not coming with a better camera doesn’t make sense. The Smart Connector that has been rumored to be available on the Pro is nowhere to be seen in this video, so the Pro is, according to this video, just a bigger version of the standard iPhone. The only scenario that makes sense is a different configuration of the next iPhone lineup: the standard model that comes with a 4.7-inch screen, the Plus model with the same single-lens camera as on the smaller brother (and which we think is the Pro in this video), and a Pro version that features dual cameras. Certainly, it’s hard to tell what’s true and what’s not at the moment, so a certain amount of skepticism is needed when watching this video. Play Video #Apple#iPhone 7#iPhone leak#Apple leak#iPhone 7 Pro subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news It's Official: Apple Has Sold over 1 Billion iPhone Devices New Rumor Claims iPhone 7 Will Have Capacitive Home Button with 3D Touch Apple Watch 2 Could Launch in September with the New iPhone iPhone 7 Clone Unboxing Videos Show What to Expect from 2016 iPhone Donald Trump, Tim Cook Discuss Building iPhones in the United States iPhone 8 to Feature Traditional Wireless Charging like the Samsung Galaxy S7 Lenovo Builds a New Microsoft Surface Clone and It Looks Fabulous Anonymous Hackers Want McAfee to Be Trump’s Security Adviser, Call for March HTC Desire 650 Announced, a Low Mid-End Smartphone for the Masses Glossy Black Galaxy S7 edge Leaks in Live Pictures Download Windows 10 64-bit Drivers for Acer’s Aspire TC-710 Desktop Model Intel Rolls Out Several New BIOS Versions for Its NUC Kits and Compute Sticks    Alleged iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, and iPhone 7 Pro new ios apps NeuroNation: Train your brain to improve your memory and focus with NeuroNation Flipagram: Create cool videos by mixing up your photos with music Timer+: Set up dozens of timers and control them all with ease Nutshell Camera: Create some pretty cool videos with Nutshell Camera IKEA Catalogue: Check out the IKEA Catalogue for more than just furniture Complete: Complete puts a social twist to your regular to-do list/ task manager WebMD Baby: WebMD Baby offers help in how to best tend to your baby Reader comments Apple's 2018 iPhone Could Use TSMC's 7nm Processor, Rumors Claim more on: Apple iPhone 8 i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2016 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
Tech content trusted by users in North America and around the world 7,285 Reviews & Articles | 53,006 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU Home News Business, Financial & Legal Apple reportedly acquires AI startup for $200 million Apple secures AI startup Turi for $200 million, will Siri soon have a similarly-named AI friend? By: Anthony Garreffa | Business, Financial & Legal News | Posted: Aug 7, 2016 6:21 am Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA Apple has reportedly acquired an artificial intelligence startup for a swift $200 million, with Turi based in Seattle, and working on various AI technologies.     Turi has some interesting technology its developing, with apps that use machine learning to model patterns, and they combine advanced machine learning which can be deployed in various scenarios that range from production to server data management.   The work that Turi uses on data analysis could have had Apple interested, and under Apple's wing, a great piece of AI could be used in various ways. If Apple were to combine the AI goodness from Turi into its Siri and iCloud, it might help iOS users through everyday tasks. The issue is now, Google is worlds ahead in terms of its software and services line-up, while Apple is now playing catch-up. Maybe it has acquired Turi so it can ask an AI how to beat their competitors? Recommended for You Amazon 2016 Black Friday sales include some HUGE deals... Apple's new $300 design book doesn't include 3.5mm... Samsung recalls 2.8 million exploding washing machines... Android phones hold 88% of the market >> NEXT STORY: HTC exec: PSVR price is 'economical', but 'misleading' << PREVIOUS STORY: Battlefield 1's new trailer details the new weapons Related Tags Apple Apple AI Turi Apple Turi Apple Turi acquisition Google Got an opinion on this news? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts New Christmas themed Skylander joins the figurine team Samsung adding advertisements to old TVs through update Microsoft's Games With Gold Promotion is available now Black Friday PC game sales now live at multiple stores Blizzard celebrates 12 years of World of WarcraftView More News Posts View Our Latest Videos Forum Activity Trump Towers Sunny Isles Beach Sunny Isles Beach Apartments | Sunny Isles Beach Condos | https://trumptowermiamicondosforsale.com/ BIOSTAR Racing Z170GTN Mini-ITX Motherboard Review Antec Cube-Designed by Razer Mini-ITX Chassis Preview 970A-G/3.1 Bios non-responsive Origin EON17-X Gaming Notebook ReviewView More Forum Posts Press Releases Asius technologies crowdfunds to produce its revolutionary ADEL Drum Bionic earbuds University of Toronto selects CoolIT Systems to liquid cool signal processor for CHIME Project MSI VR One backpack PC and GS63VR Stealth Pro gaming notebook recognized as 2017 CES innovation honoree G.SKILL releases new RIPJAWS KM570 RGB mechanical gaming keyboard Next Generation Esports (NGE) launches BattleRekt tournamentView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2016 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Previous Page Next Page

Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › opinion home election 2016 US world opinion selected sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Uber Opinion Why Uber has been taken for a ride in China John Naughton Uber’s capitulation to its Chinese rival last week should temper the wishful thinking of Brexit cheerleaders A closed sign at Uber in Hong Kong last year takes on new significance in China this month. Photograph: Tyrone Siu/Reuters Sunday 7 August 2016 01.59 EDT Last modified on Thursday 13 October 2016 16.04 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close The big news last week was that Uber, the California-based ride-hailing company, threw in the towel in China. It announced that its Chinese rival, Didi Chuxing, would acquire all of the assets of UberChina – including its brand, business operations and data. In return, Uber gets a stake in Didi Chuxing worth £5.3bn. Why is this significant? How long have you got? In the first place it confirms that the plans for world domination cherished by all the US-based tech giants come to a juddering halt when they reach the Chinese border. China is already the world’s biggest internet market, and it’s set to get much bigger in the next decade, so Apple, Google, Facebook, Amazon and Microsoft saw it as the logical next territory for conquest. Three of them – Google, Amazon and Microsoft – have already had to withdraw, licking their wounds. (Facebook never really got started.) Apple is still in there because of its iPhone (a prized fashion accessory among middle-class Chinese) but it’s now run into trouble with the granting of a weird intellectual-property case against the iPhone 6, and has been forced to shut down its iBooks and iTunes Movies stores. You could say that, given that Google and Facebook are in the information business and the Chinese government is determined to censor the internet, they were always likely to have a bumpy ride. Accordingly, the Chinese have Baidu instead of Google, and WeChat instead of Facebook. But Amazon has made no headway in China either, and the field has been left open to Alibaba. We’ll just have to see whether Apple can weather the storm and reverse the recent decline in its Chinese sales. You will recall that China was seen by Brexiters as one of the exciting trading partners for a liberated UK… If you were the betting type, however, you’d have said that if any western company were going to crack China, it would have been Uber. It has oodles of money, already operates in over 500 cities worldwide, and is led by a fiercely aggressive CEO, Travis Kalanick, who from the outset designated capture of the Chinese ride-hailing market as a key strategic goal for his company. In pursuit of that goal, he spent much of the last two years in the country and avoided most of the mistakes that naive western outfits make when they arrive in China. So if Kalanick has decided that the game isn’t worth the candle, then it’s time for the rest of us to ponder the implications of that conclusion. In doing so we may usefully learn from Google’s experience of trying to do business in China. As US journalist Steven Levy puts it in his summary, “Google found that even after a company agrees to go along with China’s censorship and data demands, regulation doesn’t stop. Put simply, China likes locals to succeed over foreign companies, and will act accordingly. Google was in direct competition with a local company, Baidu, which seemed to copy Google’s business plan and even its interface. China had an interest in seeing its home town search engine win, and turned out to be less than scrupulous in playing the role as a neutral arbiter.” Official harassment, writes Levy, “seemed less to do with regulations and more like harassment. The sanctions appeared directly tied to how well Google was doing in the marketplace. Google executives believed that Chinese officials had drawn a line in the sand – that when Google market share approached 30%, suddenly bad things would happen.” Chinese officials 'create 488m bogus social media posts a year' Read more But, hang on – isn’t China a member of the World Trade Organisation, members of which have signed up to all kinds of rules about free markets, and no government interference in trade? Quite so. Yet here’s what the American WTO representative says in his latest report to Congress on China’s compliance with these obligations: “Many of the problems that arise in the US-China trade and investment relationship can be traced to the Chinese government’s interventionist policies and practices and the large role of state-owned enterprises and other national champions in China’s economy, which continue to generate significant trade distortions that inevitably give rise to trade frictions.” All of which has a sudden contemporary relevance for Theresa May & co. You will recall that China was seen by Brexiters as one of the exciting trading partners for a liberated UK, and that WTO rules would ensure a level playing field for plucky British entrepreneurs as they ventured into the Middle Kingdom. For these fantasists, the Uber surrender has a simple message: dream on. More features Topics Uber Internet China Google Amazon.com More… E-commerce WTO Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion selected sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion selected sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Opinion › Uber Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
null
Back To Top[*] Apple and Microsoft unholster new gun emojis Aug. 07, 2016 - 05:48AM JST The requested article has expired, and is no longer available. Back To Top[*] Switch to full browser version © 2016 GPlusMedia
Top Menu VCCircle  | VCCEdge  | Bizcircle  | Events  | Training About Us Contact Get Daily Email Update Show navigation Hide navigation Home Internet Mobile Enterprise Gadgets Startups Money Listings: SaaS 10 Angels 15 2014 2013 2011 Fastrack 20 Digirati 25 Home > Internet > Apple to pay up to $200K ‘bug bounty’ to hackers for finding flaws Apple to pay up to $200K ‘bug bounty’ to hackers for finding flaws August 6, 2016  | Nishant Sharma Tweet | 0 Comments Tech giant Apple unveiled a ‘bug bounty’ programme through which it will pay upto $200,000 to hackers who will report vulnerabilities in its products. While the programme will be an invite-only one, Apple won’t turn away new researchers if they provide useful insights, as it plans to expand the programme, it said. “It’s getting increasingly difficult to find some of those most critical types of security vulnerabilities,” said Ivan Krstic, Apple’s head of security engineering and architecture, while addressing the Black Hat security conference in Las Vegas. He said Apple’s security-bounty programme will reward researchers who actually share critical vulnerabilities with Apple. With the ‘bug bounty’ programme, Apple joins the list of technology companies, including Microsoft, Facebook, Google parent Alphabet, that have been shelling millions of dollars in bug bounty programmes over the past few years. Uber, Fiat Chrysler and the US Department of Defense too have launched similar programmes this year. At the Black Hat conference, Apple announced a list of vulnerabilities that would command big bounties, including $25,000 for ways around Apple’s digital compartments and into its customers’ data, $100,000 that allows extraction of confidential material from Secure Enclave, $50,000 for bugs that give hackers access to iCloud data and $200,000 for vulnerabilities in Apple’s firmware components. Earlier this year, The Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) reportedly paid hackers more than $1 million for a back door into Apple’s iPhone 5C that was used by San Bernardino Shooter Syed Rizwan Farook. Like this report? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our top reports. Tags: Apple, Bugs Bounty, Hackers, Microsoft Leave a comment Name - required Email - required, never published Website Comment RECOMMENDED FOR YOU × Ola Play to let users stream content from car’s console Brigade Enterprises ties up with Intel, Microsoft for startup accelerator Companies can’t have long-term life without digital roadmap: Ram Charan More in videos » Can Indian businesses carve a digital roadmap for themselves?   RECENT COMMENTS POPULAR POSTS Praveen Sharma on 2016-11-23 16:43:14 One should not give up so soon.... Vikram Vora on 2016-11-23 15:19:54 With all due respect, I feel entrepreneurs who quit in 2–3 years should not be i... Chetan Soni on 2016-11-22 10:42:14 Good job... Jerry on 2016-11-21 13:49:28 Hi Ritesh Congratulations Good goong buddy All the very best... rahul deshmukh on 2016-11-21 13:45:02 Where to get in touch with the authorities? Please update the contact informatio... What Snapdeal CEO Kunal Bahl’s $100 mn investment plan in fashion means SoftBank’s Masayoshi Son to visit India; big announcement on Ola expected A FarmVille of startups Beauty has a strong repeat rate: UrbanClap CEO Exclusive: Job portal WorkIndia gets funding from Asuka Holdings Tweets about "#techcircle.in" Categories Internet Mobile Enterprise Gadgets Startups Money Specials Fastrack 20 Digirati 25 SaaS 10 Angels 15 About About Us Press Releases Advertise Contact Follow Us Linkedin RSS Feed Facebook Twitter News Corp Companies Proptiger Bigdecisions.com Makaan.com WSJ MarketWatch Mansion Global Realtor © 2016 Techcircle.in. Property of Mosaic Media Ventures Pvt Ltd. A company show hide
null
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad 'This is what Apple should tell you when you lose your iPhone': Web designer uncovers new scam thieves use to steal their victim's identities  Thieves come up with a new one to break into locked stolen iPhones  The scam was uncovered by Joonas Kiminki after he had his phone taken He was sent a link to a fake website trying to get his Apple ID information Kiminki says giving over the information would let thieves take his identity  By Liam Quinn For Dailymail.com Published: 18:45 EST, 6 August 2016 | Updated: 04:49 EST, 9 August 2016 e-mail 188 shares 5 View comments Thieves have figured out a new one to break into locked stolen iPhones and potentially steal the identity of their victims. The unsettling trick was discovered by website designer Joonas Kiminki, who had his phone stolen from his car during a holiday in Turin, Italy. Kiminki said he 'immediately did the obvious things' people are told to do after losing a phone - he marked it as lost in the Find my iPhone app, and checked the boxes to receive a notification if it is turned back on - before continuing on with his day. Thieves have figured out a new one to break into locked stolen iPhones and potentially steal the identity of their victims (stock image) He forgot about the phone and bought a new one, only to receive a notification 11 days later that his old one had been found. But that's when he realized something was wrong, and he could be walking into a potential online trap. 'I of course rushed to the address on the link and then started typing my credentials, but then suddenly stopped. Something was just not right,' he wrote in a blog on Hackernoon.  He clicked on a link in the notification, which took him to a website - www.show-iphone-location.com - asking him to enter his Apple ID and password. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Now Facebook copies Snapchat too: New 'selfie' mode... Oops! Samsung under fire after it files for a smartwatch... Unlock with a look: Samsung reveals new jumbo 5.7inch Galaxy... Apple introduces a green water gun emoji to replace the... Share this article Share 188 shares But Kiminki said there were 'two things that alarmed' him about the page. 'First, the address seemed a little off. Not really something Apple would use, is it?' he wrote.  'The real thing, however, was that connection to the server is not encrypted — you would see it on the address bar, like on a genuine Apple page.'  After some quick online detective work, Kiminki discovered the email was not from Apple. The unsettling trick was discovered by website designer Joonas Kiminki, who had his phone stolen from his car during a holiday in Turin, Italy (stock image) Joonas Kiminki was directed to a fake website (pictured) that tried to con him into entering his Apple ID and password At that point he knew it was a scam, but the questioned remained, why would someone set up such an elaborate fake? 'As mentioned above, you can’t activate an iPhone as long as it’s connected to someone’s iCloud account,' he wrote.  'However, when you steal a phone, you can perfect the crime by stealing the poor b*****d’s identity as well. 'What strikes me the most is that everything seemed very "right" and professional. After some quick online detective work, Kiminki discovered the email (pictured) was not from Apple 'The email and the website content looked great, my phone really was an iPhone 6 and they even got the timezone right in the email.' At the end of the post, Kiminki said he wrote it so any other people who have their phones stolen can avoid the con. 'This is what Google.com and Apple should’ve told me 12 days ago when I searched for what to do,' he wrote. 'Hopefully this post helps prevent at least one online scam and thus doesn’t feed the growing monster of internet fraud.' Read more: This is what Apple should tell you when you lose your iPhone — Hacker Noon Share or comment on this article e-mail 188 shares Most watched News videos Gruesome moment Korean chef dissects a LIVE octopus Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Teen films a burning 'meteorite' moving across sky in Japan Shocking moment man hits women in mass chicken shop fight Mystery homeless woman in Rome avoids questions from reporter Supermodel Gigi Hadid fights off man who grabs her at Milan show Cyclist films moment car causes him to crash then drives away Kim Kardashian attacked in Paris by notorious prankster The moment a 7.4 magnitude earthquake hit Fukushima Tidal surge filmed on Sunaoshi River in Tagajo, Japan 100 special police agents protect suspected paedophile from mob Doorman knocks-out troublemaker during two-on-one confrontation Six rebel electors have signed an agreement to try to block... REVEALED: Number of Hamilton stars haven't voted in YEARS... Grieving mother of three bus crash victims says she... Was Hillary robbed of election by HACKERS? Experts urge... EXCLUSIVE: Frankenstein-like experiments, no anesthesia and... Politico editor resigns after calling for 'baseball bat'... Just in the nick of time! Obama gives out his last Medals of... In from the cold: Donald feels the warmth down in Mar-a-Lago... Cops fear copycat attacks across the U.S. after a FIFTH... 'F*** him!' Emotional TV anchors and execs hit 'bluffing... Madonna's son Rocco Ritchie, 16, is arrested for possessing... Before the great clean-up began! Vintage pictures of New... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read Instructions on how to deal with a nuclear attack, and an abandoned box of toilet roll: Eerie photographs... Want to swim faster? Forget what your instructor told you and SPREAD your fingers Do 'life hacks' really work? Scientists unveil global experiments to test them - beginning with claims steel... What does YOUR phone reveal about you? Android users tend to be honest while Apple fans are more outgoing Rotten Confederate history: Time capsule buried in 1895 is unearthed, but its contents - including Jefferson... Will the iPhone 8 have GLASS casing? Rumours suggest Apple will ditch metal to support wireless charging The never-ending rainbow: Stunning circular phenomenon is spotted over Portsmouth harbour Lost shrine of Norway's 1,000-year-old Viking king uncovered: Archaeologists claim to have found the church... Government calls for phone makers to 'lock out' apps in a moving car amid 10% spike in traffic deaths Get ready for superfast internet: £1 billion investment could bring 'full-fibre' and 5G broadband to... The Bronze Age ancestor of Rodin’s ‘Thinker’:  Bizarre 3,800-year old pensive statuette is found in Israel So much for brain freeze! Eating ice cream for breakfast could make you SMARTER Would YOU try virtual reality in the bedroom? Nearly half of women admit it could make sex more enjoyable The stunning image that sent the internet into a spin: Can you work out what's REALLY pictured here? Twitter is left red-faced after suspending the account of its OWN chief executive in bizarre blunder  MORE HEADLINES Is there a PYRAMID in the Antarctic? Bizarre theory claims an alien base is hidden in a huge triangular structure Have alien hunters spotted 'hundreds' of UFOs leaving the moon (or could it just be an optical illusion...) Ever wondered why World War I fighters didn't shoot their own propellers off? Stunning slo-mo video reveals the 'sync gear' in action Did Nasa's Spirit Mars rover spot signs of life on the red planet in 2007? Researchers say mysterious deposits 'closely resemble' those found at hot springs on Earth Will the iPhone 8 be a FLIP PHONE? Apple is awarded a patent for new flexible handset design  Want to swim faster? Forget what your instructor told you and SPREAD your fingers Apple confirms its return to Black Friday with 'one-day shopping event' - but won't say what will be on offer Stunning medieval murals painted over by Shakespeare's father on the orders of Henry VIII are revealed for the first time in 450 years The 'invisibility cloak' made of trees that could protect buildings from earthquakes Watch out! Viral 'prank video' will CRASH any iPhone or iPad almost instantly: Here's how to fix it Your iPhone can be unlocked by a HEDGEHOG: Video reveals TouchID can store a tiny pawprint as experts question the security of fingerprints Is YOUR iPhone 6s affected by the 'unexpected shutdown' bug? Apple will now replace the battery for free How to deal with political debate at the Thanksgiving table: Psychologists say we should channel Winston Churchill and 'never let a good crisis go to waste' Most expensive destroyer in history breaks down AGAIN: $4.4bn USS Zumwalt towed back to port after suffering propulsion problem in the Panama Canal Would YOU try virtual reality in the bedroom? Nearly half of women admit it could make sex more enjoyable MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today Turning up the heat! Catherine Zeta-Jones, 47, sizzles in VERY plunging swimsuit with husband Michael Douglas, 72,  during vacation in Mexico  Fashion photographer releases intimate unseen images of the world's most beautiful women - including Angelina Jolie and Cindy Crawford  'It's difficult to talk about': Mariah Carey speaks about James Packer split while putting on a VERY busty display on Ellen Addressed the breakup  Hitched! Corey Feldman marries girlfriend Courtney Anne in Vegas ceremony... two weeks after popping the question due to deportation fears Sizzling Former Real Housewives Of Miami star Joanna Krupa parades around in teeny bikini while soaking up the sun in Florida  Flawless body Become a deal diva: Savvy shoppers reveal how you can save HUNDREDS this holiday season  Sponsored 'Happiest birthday to my favorite little angel!' Liam Hemsworth gives Miley Cyrus a quirky rainbow ring because  she doesn't like her engagement diamond She's morphing into Kim Kardashian! Blac Chyna looks like Rob's sister with lighter makeup and long raven locks in new Instagram video PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angry and upset Justin Bieber has a heated exchange with his security team a minute after he 'punched' a fan in the face 'She is being amazing': Kim Kardashian 'very supportive' of husband Kanye West while in hospital...as it's claimed Paris robbery a factor in his 'mental breakdown' 'I'm not going to sit back': Leah Remini talks fighting Scientology 'bullies' with new docu-series and claims she's been followed since leaving Church From peacoats to parkas, the outerwear fashions you will see everywhere this winter - and where you can find them Sponsored Brooklyn swoops in on pal Rocco Ritchie's girlfriend Kim Turnbull for a giggly lunch... as Madonna's son is arrested for possessing cannabis Looks like someone is getting grounded': Stony-faced Guy Ritchie steps out after son Rocco, 16, is arrested for possessing cannabis There could be trouble Madonna's son Rocco Ritchie, 16, 'hangs around in the projects and tries to get served in pubs,' neighbors reveal after his arrest for possessing cannabis  Emmy Rossum reveals she was NAKED when Mr Robot creator Sam Esmail surprised her with a proposal of marriage Was a shock  Oversharing? Dancing With The Stars judge Julianne Hough posts photo of herself on the TOILET while wearing her massive ball gown during the show's finale 'Little miss dynamite': Laurie Hernandez wins season 23 of DWTS with partner Valentin Chmerkovskiy Olympic gymnast raised the mirrorball trophy Sexy mama! George Clooney's ex Stacy Keibler flaunts cleavage in cut-out top while on date with millionaire husband at a West Hollywood hot spot  Harry's bagged a great deal! Prince's new girlfriend Meghan Markle was once a glamorous assistant on the US version of  Deal or No Deal  Another day, another island! As his Caribbean tour continues Harry arrives in St Kitts to meet local schoolchildren (but struggles with names) Eminem's ex-wife Kim Mathers, 42, gets probation for DUI crash in which she tried to kill herself by driving into a pole near her home in Michigan  Bethenny Frankel says she's the victim of fraud and malpractice in suit over botched trust with ex Jason Hoppy  Filed a lawsuit against an attorney  A fashion faux paw! Hilary Duff wears unusual outfit that includes a top covered in cat faces and bell-bottom jeans Eccentric ensemble  What would happen if we saw ourselves the way others did? Heartwarming video shows the power of confidence  Sponsored Nick and Joe Jonas' younger brother Frankie, 16, is cited for possession of marijuana in Nashville Was stopped outside a convenience store  Octomom says she stopped working in porn after seeing her daughter strut around in her stripper shoes and reveals she and her 14 kids are now vegan Leggy blonde! Charlize Theron, 41, flaunts lean limbs in plaid mini dress as she slims down after gaining 35lbs for upcoming comedy Tully Slender limbs She can't stop, and won't stop changing her hair! As Miley Cyrus celebrates turning 24, FEMAIL charts her most drastic hair make-overs She's had many looks   Business before the brother-in-law? Rob Kardashian ignores Kanye West's 'psychotic break' to promote his new festive range of socks Retail therapy! Kylie Jenner shares lingerie snap as she shops for luxury cars while Kanye West remains hospitalized Her own way of coping Engaged! Rapper Gucci Mane pops the question to girlfriend of six years Keyshia Ka'oir with a 25 CARAT diamond ring on NBA kiss cam A very public proposal  Isla Fisher lets slip during a live interview that Vince Vaughn is working on a Wedding Crashers sequel Hinted that the follow-up is on the horizon   Cristiano puts on a smitten display with stunning new girlfriend Georgina Rodriguez as he goes incognito at Disneyland Paris in a bizarre wig Hello, is it tum-me you're looking for? Sofia Richie flashes her abs in stylish crop top as she steps out for dinner with close friend Nicola Peltz Out and about 'I don't understand why it is not okay to be plus-size': Size 22 model Tess Holliday says she has no problem with the phrase  Embraces the label   Justin Bieber 'PUNCHES fan in the face and leaves him bloodied' in new violent outburst, and 'the minor is thinking about suing him' 'Hey baby, do those legs go all the way up?' Chrissy Teigen laughs off her epic AMAs wardrobe malfunction with hilarious Family Guy meme 'They got the perfect angle': John Legend blames red carpet photographers for exposing Chrissy Teigen's wardrobe malfunction Peek-a-boob! Actress Sophie Monk suffers a nip-slip in daring sheer bejewelled silver frock on ARIA Awards red carpet Sheerly a mistake? Cha-cha-charming! Busty Amber Rose shows off her famous curves as she returns to Dancing With The Stars with Maksim Chmerkovskiy 'I wish Blake Lively was my best friend': Selena Gomez admits she has a girl crush on the blonde actress in new interview Candid comments  He's certainly got a type! Underworld director Len Wiseman steps out with  brunette who is estranged wife Kate Beckinsale's doppelgänger  Not 'your song': Elton John DENIES he'll play pre-inauguration concert for Trump after his tunes blared before campaign rallies without permission 'They told me my hips were too wide': Teenage model exposes the dark side of the fashion industry with brutally honest Instagram posts Spoke to her followers Judge cutie! Julianne Hough stuns in glamorous gown as she attends Dancing With The Stars season finale She certainly looked ready to rumba  Their breast display! The Veronicas reveal their ample busts as they sing TOPLESS and covered in glitter at 2016 ARIA Awards One way to sparkle... The Veronica's Lisa Origliasso reveals INTIMATE details about her sister's relationship with Ruby Rose...while hosting the 2016 ARIA Awards FBI closes child abuse investigation of Brad Pitt following review of private jet incident and 'will not pursue further' There's more good news for the actor The big cover up! Jennifer Aniston touches down in LA under a large floppy hat and coat...after talking sex toys on UK television Your wallet will thank you! FEMAIL rounds up the best Black Friday deals and doorbuster sales to kick off your Thanksgiving holiday weekend  Cheap thrills! Multi-millionaire Gwen Stefani shops at affordable retail chain Target with her sons She's one of the biggest rock stars on the planet Holy smokes! Joaquin Phoenix puffs on a cigarette as he relaxes on set with Rooney Mara during a break from playing Jesus Christ in Mary Magdalene Who's that girl? Cristiano Ronaldo's stunning new girlfriend is a 'Spanish Gucci employee'... and she's already been invited to watch him play 'My days as a lingerie model'! Birthday girl Kelly Brook shows off her jaw-dropping figure in a throwback snap from 20 years ago as she turns 37 How low can you go? Sarah Jessica Parker dares to bare in flouncy off-the-shoulder frock for Jimmy Fallon appearance Would Carrie approve? Uh-oh! Brooklyn Beckham, 17, can't hide his dismay as he finds a parking ticket slapped on his flashy Mercedes He won't have any problem paying Phil Collins' ex buys the house next door to her for $4m MORE than asking price because she was worried it would be torn down and replaced by a mansion Eugenie and her very happy ring: Princess dons emoji jewellery - but still no engagement band - as she steps out with boyfriend Jack Brooksbank She's a beautiful creature! Lady Amelia Windsor shows off her wild side at The Animal Ball in a lime green feathered mask Looked royally good Sci-fi princess! Felicity Jones stuns in gossamer gown dotted with ancient symbols at Rogue One fan event in Mexico City Coffee-colored frock Bye-bye NY! Kourtney, Khloe and Kris Jenner rush back to LA to be with Kim and Kanye as rapper is hospitalized following 'psychiatric emergency' Kylie Jenner, 19, and beau Tyga, 27, smooch on camera as teen reality star throws a Friendsgiving dinner for pals Very affectionate Daring duo! The Veronicas sport matching sheer frocks at 2016 ARIA Awards... after giving a busty display performing In My Blood TOPLESS Nikki Reed and Ian Somerhalder are attached at the hip as they enjoy some holiday shopping in Beverly Hills Appeared very much in love Madonna's son Rocco Ritchie, 16, is arrested for possessing marijuana after wealthy Primrose Hill 'neighbors complained about him smoking drugs'  Crop at the shops! Emily Ratajkowski shows off flat stomach in skimpy top as she goes on spree in Beverly Hills Splashed some cash 'Actually I prefer Batman': Spider-Man Tom Holland laughs off criticism from a young fan as he joins Zendaya to visit children's hospital That's award-winning! Medal of Freedom recipients De Niro, Hanks and Diana Ross all strike a pose for the Mannequin Challenge at the White House   Mariah Carey's ex Nick Cannon says Planned Parenthood commits 'genocide' against black Americans Discussing life post-election Double nipple rings! Kylie Jenner slyly exposes her new piercings in sheer lace bra as she copies sister Kendall Little left for imagination The Duchess of Cambridge puts a comforting arm around mother who dissolved in tears as her son, 13, told Kate of his struggle with autism 'What are we doing here?' Charlize Theron gets emotional in first trailer for her ex boyfriend Sean Penn's dramatic new film The Last Face  Kardashian clan rush to L.A. for Kanye's 'psychiatric emergency': Doctors 'feared he'd attack cops who came to hospitalize screaming rapper' That's one way to show support! Kourtney Kardashian arrives back in LA wearing Yeezus harem pants as Kanye West remains hospitalized 'She's coming home!' Adele announces two huge gigs in London in 2017 as a finale to her epic world tour after announcing plans to have another baby  American rapper Mos Def FINALLY allowed to leave South Africa after being detained TEN MONTHS ago for using 'World Passport' He apologized She's got a flare for fashion! Lady Gaga resurrects the '70s in bell bottoms and platforms while out and about in New York Stroll in NYC Free Mason! Scott Disick lets his boy off the leash as they go for casual meal together in Beverly Hills The father and son duo went for a posh lunch What Kanye crisis? Khloe Kardashian reunites with NBA beau Tristan Thompson in Cleveland to hand out turkey dinners Volunteering 'Thanks, America': Miley Cyrus loses teenager Darby Walker as two of her singers face elimination on The Voice Suffered two blows 'I've never tried cutting a bra before!' Prince Charles cracks a joke  at breast cancer charity event - before sharing a laugh with comedian Jennifer Saunders 'There wasn't a wardrobe malfunction': Young designer behind THAT Chrissy Teigen dress says the star wore it 'perfectly' Daring thigh high split Learning from the best! Miley's little sister Noah Cyrus unveils her first music video for Make Me (Cry) She comes from a family of talented musicians 'Nothing compares to you': Sofia Vergara celebrates first anniversary to Joe Manganiello with photos from their lavish wedding Stylish in Stella! Kesha arrives at LAX in McCartney clothes after Billboard Women In Music Trailblazer award announcement Always fashionable Intense new trailer for Martin Scorsese's Silence sees Andrew Garfield risk his life to rescue persecuted mentor Liam Neeson Quite the new look Make-up free Alessandra Ambrosio works up a healthy sweat as she shows off her toned tummy in a sports bra after a workout in Los Angeles 'I want to be back here!' Ireland Baldwin shares racy swimsuit snap as she waxes nostalgic over Hawaiian photoshoot Longing for hot weather Off on a new adventure! Carefree Elsa Pataky shows off her natural beauty as she goes makeup free during a helicopter ride over the sea Charlotte McKinney shows off her ample cleavage in high waisted jeans and skintight top as she catches a flight out of LAX Looks every bit a model EXCLUSIVE: Leonardo DiCaprio's model ex Kendal Lee Schuler announces she is pregnant with first child... after unveiling baby bump Hot to trot! Kaley Cuoco leaves yoga class wearing a towel as a skirt and Uggs ahead of first Thanksgiving with equestrian beau Unusual attire 'Rob and his daughter make me want to cry': Kylie Jenner gushes over snaps of Dream whose mother is her boyfriend's ex Newborn baby girl 'Fading fast': Lightning McQueen crashes and flips in new teaser for Pixar's upcoming sequel Cars 3 Red number 95 car voiced by Owen Wilson Rita Ora rocks a leather jacket and ripped jeans as she makes a low-key landing into London Heathrow fresh from the set of her new movie The way we were! Shia LaBeouf swings by Jimmy Kimmel Live! where he is gifted commemorative plates depicting all his past appearances All shook up! Channing Tatum dons Elvis Presley disguise for hilarious prank during elevator ride...all for charitable cause Such a joker! 'I feel like it was our version of The Notebook': Jennifer Lawrence reveals she and BFF Emma Stone texted every day for a year Are they or aren't they? Bachelor vet Ben Higgins talks wedding plans with Lauren Bushnell AFTER announcing their engagement is off Where are North and Saint? Kim and Kanye's kids 'are under care of nannies' amid rapper's mental health emergency Being taken care of Kanye's 'psychiatric emergency': West's doctor 'feared he'd hurt cops who came to hospitalize the screaming rapper in cuffs' during episode  Is he single? Orlando Bloom is seen with a female friend in Malibu amid rumors he has split from girlfriend of 10 months Katy Perry Reports of a split The real stars of The Crown: No, not the actors but the 20,000 costumes designed with obsessive attention to historic detail - and cost be damned Namaste! Jennifer Garner looks refreshed while leaving a yoga class in LA after more claims she is back with Ben Affleck Epitome of relaxation 'I make love to pressure!' Jamie Foxx TWICE catches an American football flying 100 MPH as he trains for upcoming film All-Star Weekend Adriana Lima insists she doesn't diet for the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show because she's 'always ready' for the catwalk, as she reveals her top routines 'My big crush was Alyssa Milano': Justin Timberlake reveals he had a poster of the Who's the Boss star on his wall as a kid during interview Back to work! Original Heathers star Shannen Doherty shares first photo on the set of the TV reboot as she continues to battle cancer The struggle! Morning show star Rachael Ray, 48, 'has gained weight, is having night sweats and migraines during rough time with menopause' Ellen DeGeneres comforted by Robert De Niro as she cries after receiving Presidential Medal Of Freedom at star-studded White House ceremony As Chrissy Teigen and Rachel Hilbert hit the town in sky-high slits, FEMAIL rounds up the chicest options to shop and reveals how to avoid wardrobe malfunctions Carrie Fisher reveals she was sent to a FAT FARM before appearing in 1977's Star Wars because 'they didn't want all of me, just part of me' Celebrating the arrival of her little boy! Jenna Bush Hager and Savannah Guthrie flank Today's Dylan Dreyer during her baby shower Sweet celebration Separate addresses? Kim Kardashian 'moved into mother Kris Jenner's Hidden Hills mansion when Kanye began his Pablo tour' Is she living with mom? Tommy Hilfiger insists 'any designer should be proud' to dress Melania Trump, after designer who dressed Michelle Obama claimed she would NEVER work with the future First Lady  So good she bought it twice! The Duchess of Cambridge dazzles in $1223 black cocktail dress she bought in red for Canada tour at charity ceremony Kanye West gives strange interview with Surface magazine ahead of being hospitalized for exhaustion and cancelling concert dates Harry's girl Meghan Markle says she wants to smash glass ceilings rather than having 'glass slippers' - even though she is dating a prince Two contrasting worlds. Superheroes unite! Chris Hemsworth catches up with lookalike Avengers co-star Robert Downey Jr to discuss upcoming film and 'health tips' Suits you! Olga Kurylenko opts for flirty and feminine lace dress while Eva Herzigova nails masculine chic as they attend star-studded museum bash 'Baby and mom are doing great!': Bachelor stars Chris and Peyton Lambton welcome their first child together Chris shared the happy news on Instagram 'I was concerned by what I saw': John Legend speaks about his worries for close-friend Kanye West hours after the rapper was taken for treatment  Kourtney and Khloe Kardashian stop by Tommy Hilfiger's NYC offices day after their brother-in-law Kanye is taken into a Los Angeles hospital  'I think he's exhausted': Kris Jenner talks of 'tired' Kanye West... as it's revealed rapper 'hadn't been himself for a while' before hospitalization 'My dad was way more strict than my mom': Kendall Jenner shares flashback photo when Caitlyn was Bruce while revealing parenting styles Alexa Chung chats away on her mobile phone as she steps out in a stylish shearling jacket for solo stroll through the streets of New York PIERS MORGAN: Once a fame-addict like Kanye started mainlining with the Kardashians it was only a matter of time before he overdosed 'I wasn't surprised' 'I love when my kids need me': Kris Jenner talks about momager duty... as it's claimed daughter Kim Kardashian has moved back in with her Pregnant Marion Cotillard masks her burgeoning baby bump in plunging black gown as she joins Allied co-star Brad Pitt at Madrid premiere No pain, no gain: Reality star Bethenny Frankel, 46, shows off the red welts on her back after a cupping session in NYC Painful procedure  Two wheeling! Bella Thorne puts on a leggy display in skin-tight leather shorts and black tights as she goes for a spin on her bicycle in Los Angeles  Tommy Hilfiger, 65, and wife Dee Ocleppo, 46, dress to impress for the Angel Ball where Kris Jenner welled up in tears Hollywood's preppy pair A natural! Rihanna has fun as she gets behind a long lens camera on the New York set of Ocean's Eight Wanted to be behind the action for a change  Ivanka Trump bundles up daughter Arabella and son Joseph as she takes them to school - but opts to brave the cold weather in just a chic skirt and blouse Ellen DeGeneres' entry to White House for Presidential Medal Of Freedom ceremony is delayed because she forgot to bring her ID Had to wait on a bench Boomer hits the red carpet! Michael Phelps's son joins his celebrity dad and mom Nicole at Golden Goggle Awards where the swimmer carried off the top prize  Will Brad and Angelina reunite for Thanksgiving? Actress 'asks estranged husband for truce as kids beg them to be nice to during the holidays' 'I help make nice salads but I have no idea how to make a turkey!': Gisele Bundchen says she will ask for help when cooking Thanksgiving meal PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Natalie Dormer looks worlds away from her Game Of Thrones character as she joins A-list co-star Mel Gibson for filming in Dublin  'I'm very proud that I am all natural': Paris Hilton gets sexy for cover of Galore magazine as she insists she's never had plastic surgery 'It wasn't on my radar at all': Ben Stiller describes his shock at discovering 'aggressive' prostate cancer - and dealing with side effects after treatment 'We remain strong during this difficult time': RHONY star Jill Zarin reveals husband Bobby's cancer has returned Disease has spread  Rape survivor Gabrielle Union says she wanted to play an assault victim in her latest movie The Birth Of A Nation because it's her 'reality'  Attacked 24 years ago Kim Kardashian 'likes' friend's Instagram post about being 'alive for a reason' and 'not giving up'... as husband Kanye is hospitalized after a 'psychotic breakdown' What emergency? Kourtney and Khloe Kardashian bring the glam to Angel Ball in two very racy dresses... as it emerges Kanye West has been hospitalised 'Mental illness isn't anything to mess with': Kanye West fans react to his shocking hospitalization as #PrayForKanye trends on Twitter 'It was one of the happiest time of my life!': Lauren Graham talks about the 'magical' Netflix revival, Gilmore Girls: A Year In the Life experience Tim Allen bashes 'hypocritical' Hollywood stars who criticized Donald Trump for being a bully - before doing the same thing to his supporters HBO releases 41-second trailer for the sixth and final season of Lena Dunham's hit sitcom Girls The whole cast will be back for the swan song,  'I apologize to anyone that I offended': Gigi Hadid speaks out about controversial Melania Trump impersonation during AMA hosting gig Used a fake accent That's one way to avoid being worst dressed! Bella Thorne and sister Dani strip down to their underwear after disastrous AMA outfits Bethenny Frankel's boyfriend Dennis Shields 'threatens her ex husband Jason Hoppy with harassment lawsuit after he sent couple 49 hostile emails' 'Hopefully you'll put them on and take them off shortly thereafter!' 50 Cent launches new men's underwear line  - including boxer-briefs for $150 Carrie Bradshaw would be impressed! Sarah Jessica Parker steps out in a fashion savvy outfit as she strolls around the West Village  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, wows in plunging silk gown with eagle fascinator for Animal Ball... yet BFF Patrick Cox is a feathered fail in face-obscuring hat The (fashion) force is with her! Felicity Jones, 33,cuts a ladylike figure as she attends Rogue One: A Star Wars Story photo call in Mexico Turned heads Can these lipsticks last through YOUR Thanksgiving? FEMAIL puts new 'long-wearing' formulas starting at just $6 to the test with impressive results 'He's on a mission to win her back': Scott Disick has 'cleaned up his act' in hopes to reunite with Kourtney 'for good' amid rumors duo are living together  After a job on SNL? Gigi Hadid showcases her karaoke prowess with a rendition of Popular from Wicked... after Melania Trump impersonation Charlize Theron shows fuller figure in loose maxi dress after gaining 35lbs for upcoming comedy Tully She skipped the cosmetics 'I am truly honored to host the most prestigious award show in music': James Corden announced as presenter of the 2017 Grammys The Late Late Show star Taking the plunge! Kristin Chenoweth puts her cleavage on display in a green jumpsuit on The Tonight Show ahead of appearance in Hairspray Live Harry gets his hands dirty! Prince shows off his green fingers as he plants trees on Barbuda during Caribbean tour  He is island-hopping in the Caribbean  Inside the wedding that changed the British monarchy forever: Rarely seen intimate photographs of Edward VIII's marriage to Wallis Simpson go on sale  Feeling nippy? Alessandra Ambrosio goes TOPLESS to promote swimwear line in sexy Instagram promo Jaw-dropping snap It's Keira Sprightly: Make-up free actress smiles on the arm of husband James Righton for stroll in London... after her stalker appears in court Chrissy Teigen apologizes for showing her 'hooha' on AMAs red carpet as she thanks laser hair removal specialist following wardrobe malfunction How to do the splits (and how NOT)! After Chrissy Teigan apologizes for flashing her 'hooha', here's our guide to wearing a dress with a slit  Kate Hudson looks downcast as she dines out in plunging sweater and thigh-high boots... after helping mother Goldie Hawn celebrate her 71st birthday Like A Virgin! James Corden seduces Anna Kendrick in hilarious bedroom skit before she recreates Lion King moment and 'gives birth' Their own take on film  Want to indulge in a Thanksgiving Day feast AND stay trim? FEMAIL details every exercise you need to do to burn off an average 5,000-calorie Turkey Day meal  'I went from 25 to 1.4 million followers - pretty cool!' Millie Bobby Brown, 12, dishes on her sudden rise to fame in Netflix's Stranger Things She plays Jane 'Eleven'  Emma Stone looks pretty as a picture in an elegant printed dress as she attends screening of romantic musical La La Land with Bradley Cooper  Dominic Cooper goes casual with girlfriend Ruth Negga as they sport his and hers padded jackets for low-key London stroll Winter attire  'I'm a 26-year-old woman!' Zoella defends her racy new image as she lounges on a bed in her underwear for photo shoot for Blogosphere magazine  Ellie the elephant! Goulding sports a lavish pom pom embellished headdress and plunging gold gown as she leads stars at the Animal Ball 2016 in London 'Everything is ruined because of Kanye': Kris Jenner stuns in sheer gown at Angel Ball... but 'spends most of night dealing with West's situation' Kris Jenner wells up with tears during tribute to late ex-husband Robert Kardashian at Angel Ball in NYC Broke down over late ex-husband 'It rivals that first year': Mother-of-eight Kate Gosselin, 41,  says having a house full of teenagers is as challenging as when the sextuplets were babies Kate Moss, 42,  flashes a coy smile as she steps out in London wearing a leopard print fur coat and skinny jeans for casual shopping spree Retail therapy  Ready for Christmas! Coco Austin has her daughter Chanel poses in a diamond necklace and red Santa dress for glamor shoot Looking ahead  Moonlight and American Honey lead the Independent Spirit Awards nominations... with Jackie and its star Natalie Portman also getting nods Pregnant! Bad Girls Club star Natalie Nunn is expecting her first child with husband Jacob Payne... one year after heartbreaking miscarriage A year to forget! Married Isla Fisher and Sacha Baron Cohen crash onto Forbes' biggest Hollywood flops 2016 list Both their films bombed 'Did Jennifer Aniston just mention "sex toys" in front of disabled children?': Actress stuns viewers as she suffers early evening gaffe on live British TV Having a ball! Hunger Games star Josh Hutcherson cuddles up to girlfriend Claudia Traisac on a date night full of laughter at the LA Clippers game Forget about it! Niall Horan enjoys low-key evening out in LA with a mystery blonde... after THAT handshake with former 1D bandmate Zayn Malik Wayne Rooney prostitute Jenny Thompson flaunts her figure in a tiny two-piece on the beach in Dubai ahead of British reality TV debut  'I'm not dumb. I'm not a drug addict': Chloe Lattanzi hits out at haters in online rant... days after she moved away from mum Olivia Newton-John Peace y'all! Reese Witherspoon models a fun top as it's announced she's launched a media company to deliver female-driven content Victoria Beckham shares video of son Cruz singing Bieber ballad in the studio... as Justin praises his 'buddy' for 'great job' covering his track 'It looked like they're dating': Mariah Carey spotted 'hand in hand' with Bryan Tanaka... after 'spoon feeding' dancer in Los Angeles restaurant Awkward night for Harry as Antigua PM invites him and Meghan Markle for honeymoon, then hostess tries to drag red-faced Royal out for a dance Princess-in-waiting? Family of Meghan Markle share family album pictures of Prince Harry's girlfriend as a 14-year-old girl Never-before-seen pics Fourth time's a charm! Sarah Ferguson recycles her favourite orange gown as she joins daughter Princess Beatrice at star-studded charity ball in New York  Polished in plum! Queen Letizia of Spain wears purple accents as she joins husband King Felipe VI for a religious ceremony in Madrid 'I'm going to have another baby!' Adele reveals plans to expand her family with Simon Konecki as she closes her US tour with sold-out show in Phoenix 'I used to resent them but now I feel extremely empowered': Anastacia reveals her mastectomy scars for the first time as she poses naked for stunning new shoot Stack it like Beckham! Brooklyn takes a terrific tumble as he shows off his skateboarding skills in central London  Didn't show much prowess on four wheels 'Didn't Madonna do this 20 years ago?' Swedish singer Tove Lo reveals she was 'shocked' when her sexually-charged short film was briefly banned by YouTube 'Big brother time right around the corner': Teresa Palmer shares sweet snap of her kissing her son Bodhi as she is due to give birth in a matter of weeks Foxy Lady! Vogue Williams shows off her peachy posterior in a tiny black bikini... after 'going public with thespian beau Lawrence Fox' Taking a walk on the wild side! Queen Maxima looks lovely in leopard-print as she attends a royal engagement in the Netherlands  Is that a Christmas jumper, Queen Mathilde? Belgian royal looks festive as she reads to schoolchildren to celebrate the country's book week 'He wasn't young when I watched it': Peter Capaldi defends his more mature incarnation of Doctor Who  Some were critical  Leggy look! Toni Garrn shimmers in backless mini dress with cape sleeves at 2016 Angel Ball in NYC She wore her blonde hair in a ponytail Lily Donaldson shows off her endless legs in stunning scarlet gown with a thigh-high split as she struts down the red carpet at the Angel Ball in NYC Christina Milian oozes old Hollywood glamor in plunging gown with white fur shawl at star-studded NYC benefit Put on a busty display What a work-out! Former Miss International Sweden  Katarina Konow , 24, does SQUATS while lifting a man who weighs 13-stone Christmas come early? Lily-Rose Depp shops at Yves Saint-Laurent on Rodeo Drive with 'boyfriend' Ash Stymest Spotted sauntering down Rodeo Drive The perfect match! Ryan Lochte and former Playboy model fiancée Kayla Rae Reid sport matching sweaters as they step out for dinner Anna Faris 'fined $5000' after her rescue Chihuahua was found homeless and in bad shape She adopted the dog four years ago Elegant Kate Beckinsale, 43, flaunts her svelte physique in a skintight navy dress as she attends Underworld photocall in Berlin Wowed in blue  George Harrison's only child Dhani to divorce former model  Solveig 'Sola' Karadottir after four years of marriage Filed for divorce in Los Angeles We can't stand losing it, but we're downsizing say couple who have put Sting's teenage home in North East England on the market for $323,000  Parents bought it in 1966 Commanding attention! Lily Collins works the red carpet in sexy thigh-high split shimmering gown for Rules Don't Apply premiere in LA 'Mummy, you did it!': Adele shares sweet snap of her welcome home from son Angelo... as she prepares to take '10 year break from touring' From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The end of wonky wifi: Google's OnHub It's incredibly simple to set up, and we found it tripled the speed of our home wifi connection - but at $199 is expensive.. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Before the great clean-up began! Vintage pictures of New York in the 1970s show the raw life of the city in stark contrast to its modern glitz  430 comments 1 video SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Share 14 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2016-11-23 The Best Thanksgiving-Themed TV Episodes And Movies On Netflix, Hulu, And Amazon This Holiday Season Entertainment 2016-11-23 Emma Watson Passes ‘Harry Potter’ Baton To Eddie Redmayne As ‘Danish Girl’ Star Kicks Off ‘Fantastic Beasts’ Movies Entertainment 2016-11-23 Woman Crush Wednesday — Alicia Silverstone: From ‘Clueless’ Star To Nude Photos For PETA Entertainment 2016-11-22 Shannen Doherty Confirms ‘Heathers’ TV Land Role, Will Winona Ryder Join In? News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2016-11-23 Vanessa Marcotte Update: Investigators Receive New Tips In The Massachusetts Jogger Murder News 2016-11-23 Johnthony Walker: Tennessee School Bus Driver Asked Kids If They Were ‘Ready To Die’ Before Crash That Killed Five, Victim’s Mother Claims Opinion 2016-11-23 Fifth Harmony Follows In The Dixie Chicks’ Footsteps By Mixing Success And Politics [Opinion] News 2016-11-23 Two Airlines Hit With Pilot Strike: Lufthansa Cancels Almost 900 Flights While DHL And Amazon Shipments Could Be Delayed Over Black Friday Weekend Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Soccer 2016-11-23 Europa League Preview, Manchester United Vs. Feyenoord: Prediction, Starting Lineups, And Live Streaming Wrestling 2016-11-23 WWE News: Goldberg ‘Survivor Series’ Win Was All About Shocking The ‘Smart Marks’ Soccer 2016-11-23 Champions League Preview, Borussia Monchengladbach Vs. Manchester City: Live Stream, Prediction, Starting Lineups, And Betting Tips Sports 2016-11-23 NFL Picks Week 12: Thanksgiving Day Schedule Favors Dallas Cowboys, Pittsburgh Steelers Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Flyer Includes 16 Items Currently Available On Sale Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Trident Lakes: Subterranean Doomsday Prepper Village Being Built In Ector, Texas Lifestyle 2016-11-06 What’s Open On Veterans Day 2016 And Where Can Vets Get A Free Meal On Friday? Lifestyle 2016-11-05 When Does The Time Change? Daylight Saving Time Ends, But Not For Everyone Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2016-11-22 Turkey Safety: Guidelines To Dish Up A Fowl – Not Foul – Holiday Bird Health 2016-11-20 Prostate Cancer Second Opinions: Alternate Advice Might Not Force Treatment Change Health 2016-11-19 Microbes On ATM Keypads Come From Human Skin And Food, Study Says Health 2016-11-19 Zika No Longer A World Public Health Emergency, Claims WHO: Outraged, Brazil Says Chances Of Epidemic Still High Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2016-11-23 ‘Pokemon GO’ Ditto Sightings, Nearby Features Updates: Sightings Not Working Properly? Gaming 2016-11-23 ‘Watch Dogs 2’ DLC Will Not Follow ‘Assassin’s Creed’ Trend, Says Ubisoft Gaming 2016-11-23 ‘Pokemon Go’: Exact Release Date Of Generation Two, Starbucks-Pokemon Partnership Revealed? Gaming 2016-11-23 PS4 Pro Vs. PS4: Pros And Cons Of Upgrading To Sony’s New Gaming Console BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories Entertainment 2016-11-23 Watch Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade Online, Mobile Apps, NBC TV: New Balloons, Floats, Celebrities Kick Off The Holiday Season On Turkey Day BuzzWorthy 2016-11-23 Repo Man Tows Elderly Couple’s Car, Then Pays It Off And Returns It [Video] BuzzWorthy 2016-11-22 Customers Are Angry About Starbucks’ Sneaky Price Hike BuzzWorthy 2016-11-22 Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Leaks Great Deals: Expanded Cyber Week Starts Early SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Apple Buys Turi Artificial Intelligence Start Up: ‘One Of Apple’s Biggest Steps Forward’ In AI Technology 14 0 0 August 6, 2016 Apple Buys Turi Artificial Intelligence Start Up: ‘One Of Apple’s Biggest Steps Forward’ In AI Kim McLendon Apple acquired Turi Inc. for $200 million in a very exciting purchase. This is the ultimate deal that may change how iPhones, iPads, and their entire product line operates. Unlike their previous purchases, which involved a single product, this buy is a total game changer, as award-winning tech journalist Mark Gurman explained to Bloomberg. “Turi has a very vast portfolio of different services, platforms, and algorithms that Apple could use Across its entire portfolio… It is very much relevant across the product line… This is one of Apple’s biggest steps forward in artificial intelligence and machine learning.” Apple has fallen behind other companies including Microsoft, Google, Facebook, and Amazon, in the AI and machine learning fields, according to Gurman. This is something the company aims to change in a huge way, with their new purchase. Mark attributed their previous shortcomings to an atmosphere of secrecy that led to isolation in a field that requires a lot of outside collaboration. <noscript><iframe width="500" height="281" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/aHuLDhh3Rxw?feature=oembed" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></noscript> Turi Inc. began its history as GraphLab, an open-source project that greatly benefited companies such as Pandora. The company was also called Dato not so long ago. The Turi team will remain in Seattle and it is doubtful that there will be any extensive personnel changes. The team is headed by Carlos Guestrin, University of Washington’s Amazon professor of machine learning. Apple has been extremely concerned about user privacy, and this has led them away from collecting user data. User data is vital to AI functions that make recommendations to users, according to Recode. This has been a great obstacle in the development and evolution of Apple’s personal assistant, Siri. <noscript><iframe width="500" height="281" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/P2uoM-eLtNM?feature=oembed" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></noscript> Currently, Apple developers have been gingerly moving toward the use of differential privacy to protect individual users’ data to enhance Siri’s capabilities. User privacy commitments have been quite a development handicap. That could change, as they make use of the human resources recently acquired in the purchase of Turi. Apple’s Tim Cook [Photo by Drew Angerer/Getty Images]Turi Inc. projects are not exactly applications or finished products, but rather a set of tools that allow developers to build apps that use machine learning and artificial intelligence. The apps produced will automatically scale and tune. According to GeekWire, these project tools are very flexible and help to build apps that companies large and small can use, as well as features that could help individuals. “The Turi Machine Learning Platform, GraphLab Create, Turi Distributed, and Turi Predictive Services — are largely designed to help large and small organizations make better sense of data. Use cases include recommendation engines, fraud detection, predicting customer churn, sentiment analysis, and customer segmentation.” iPhone [Photo by Carl Court/Getty Images]Turi Inc. perhaps has far more to offer in the long run in terms of human genius than the short term gains in AI made so far. Professor Carlos Guestrin leads an impressive team of innovative thinkers on the cutting edge of AI, according to Recode. Guestrin currently runs a highly-attended conference that meets regularly to discuss advances in the field. Will Apple allow him to continue this mind stimulating activity? Apple’s confidentiality agreements could fly in the face of Turi employee culture. Open-source thinking evolving into corporate thinking overnight could be way too much to expect, even from geniuses. More importantly, how creative will they remain if they are sequestered? All of these issues are well worth ironing out gradually, but will Apple see the logic in that? The Turi Inc. purchase has so far stirred only the instinctive Apple company secrecy, as GeekWire reports in a statement sent to them. “Apple buys smaller technology companies from time to time, and we generally do not discuss our purpose or plans.” Turi Inc. team leader Carlos Guestrin is following Apple policy so far, and declined to comment on the purchase. [Photo by Kena Betancur/Getty Images] Now Watch This: Paralyzed Monkey Walks Again After Implant Now Read This: Free Data Offer Prompts Vodafone Upgrades To 4G Devices Share 14 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Kim McLendon Tags: Apple, artificial intelligence, Turi Inc. Comments LATEST HEADLINES Black Friday 2016: Skip The Madness And Grab These Amazing Online Deals—Amazon, Disney, And More Sherri Papini Update: Deadline Passes For Missing California Mom’s Ransom, Cameron Gamble Negotiator For New Reward Park Shin Hye: K-Drama Actress Of ‘Doctors’ Joins ‘Korea Food For The Hungry International’ Philanthropy Club After Donating 100 Million Won To Charity ‘Pizzagate’ Hits Voat Shortly After Being Banned On Reddit, Comet Ping Pong Nightmare Continues Europa League Preview, Manchester United Vs. Feyenoord: Prediction, Starting Lineups, And Live Streaming ‘RHOA’ Kandi Burruss’ Ex, Block, Says They And Riley Are One Happy Family WWE News: Goldberg ‘Survivor Series’ Win Was All About Shocking The ‘Smart Marks’ Watch Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade Online, Mobile Apps, NBC TV: New Balloons, Floats, Celebrities Kick Off The Holiday Season On Turkey Day Saturn’s Rings: NASA’s Cassini Spacecraft Preparing To Get A Never-Before-Seen Look What Major ‘TWD’ Character Should Die In The Walking Dead Season 7? [Poll] Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Queen Elizabeth And Prince Philip Celebrate 69 Years Of Marriage 21.4k 0 0 Vote Audit: Did Trump Win Fair Election Or A Rigged One? New Movement Seeks Data On Suspicious Vote Counts 17.6k 0 0 WWE News: Details On The Finish Of Brock Lesnar Vs. Goldberg Match – Who Knew? How Long Has It Been Planned? 4.6k 0 0 Brock Lesnar Vs. Goldberg Was A Disgrace, And So Was WWE Survivor Series [Opinion] 3.5k 0 0 ‘Sons Of Anarchy’ Spin-Off ‘Mayans MC’ Confirmed By FX, Charlie Hunnam And Ryan Hurst Set To Return? 3k 0 0 WWE News: Goldberg Set To Appear At The ‘Royal Rumble’ 2.9k 0 0 Presidential Election Popular Vote: Hillary Clinton On Course To Win 2.5 Million More Votes Than Donald Trump 2.8k 0 0 Recent Headlines WWE News: Goldberg ‘Survivor Series’ Win Was All About Shocking The ‘Smart Marks’ 0 0 0 Watch Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade Online, Mobile Apps, NBC TV: New Balloons, Floats, Celebrities Kick Off The Holiday Season On Turkey Day 0 0 0 What Major ‘TWD’ Character Should Die In The Walking Dead Season 7? [Poll] 1 0 0 ‘General Hospital’ Spoilers: Brenda’s Return To Port Charles Suggested By Cryptic Tweet? 0 0 0 Chris Brown & Rihanna Urged To Start Dating Again Amid Reconciliation Reports 2 0 0 The Best Thanksgiving-Themed TV Episodes And Movies On Netflix, Hulu, And Amazon This Holiday Season 1 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2016 The Inquisitr News.
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Photos Video Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Classifieds Subscribe Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Most Popular 69,069 Bus driver asked kids if they were 'ready to die' before fatal crash: mom 59,049 'I hope it's not my fault': School bus driver to mom after fatal crash 30,994 Clinton team is told to contest the election 27,384 Donald Trump's media summit was a 'f−−−ing firing squad' 25,476 This unlikely place may be where WWIII starts 24,828 Key adviser claims Elton John will play at Trump's inauguration Close Breaking News Trump picks charter school advocate Betsy DeVos for education secretary Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Sports Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Eli Apple puts on show in glimpse at Giants’ CB hopes By Zach Braziller View author archive email the author follow on twitter Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) August 6, 2016 | 5:53pm Modal Trigger Eli Apple (left) covers Odell Beckham Jr. on Aug. 5. Photo: Ray Stubblebine More On: new york giants The secret to Eli Manning's success revealed Giants expect best offensive lineman back — in nick of time Politician to Odell Beckham Jr.: The Bronx more than a strip club Giants' 'quiet assassin' is waking up and looks worth every penny For the first time since training camp began, cornerback Eli Apple showcased the coverage that led the Giants to select him with the 10th overall pick in April’s NFL draft. Apple, getting first-team reps, enjoyed his best practice, starring in one-on-one drills against wide receivers and twice blanketing Victor Cruz and forcing incompletions. A former Ohio State star from Voorhees, N.J., Apple got called for two holding penalties while defending fellow rookie Sterling Shepard, but that was his lone hiccup on a stellar afternoon. “He had some tight man-to-man coverage, he was physical out there, and he forced some guys to the sideline, to the boundary, leaving the quarterback no room to throw,” Giants coach Ben McAdoo said. “That was exciting to see.” Odell Beckham Jr. followed his return in Friday’s walk-through by being a full participant in Saturday’s practice. The dynamic wide receiver caught a long pass over cornerback Janoris Jenkins in 11-on-11 team drills and didn’t appear to be limited at all by the left lower-leg injury he suffered last Sunday, which cost him three practices. Beckham suffered lacerations to his left leg after Jenkins cleated him while going up for a pass, but he seems well past that now. “He looked good to me,” McAdoo said. “He was right in the mix, right in the protocol, exactly what we’re looking for.” Saturday’s practice was the longest of training camp at two hours and 20 minutes. It included pads for the fourth time in eight practices and a lot of hitting. McAdoo was pleased with the high-intensity workout. Both the offense and defense had their moments, from Beckham’s long touchdown catch to Jason Pierre-Paul recovering an Eli Manning fumble and returning it 60 yards for a touchdown. “Today was a big day for us,” McAdoo said. “This was a big moment for us in the training camp, a heavy-hitting, physical practice. We had a lot of explosive movements in tight quarters. “A lot of contact, a lot of physicality, and we got through it. We checked the box. It wasn’t as good as it could be, but we checked the box. It will be the starting point for a good foundation.” McAdoo’s eclectic mixture of music continued Saturday, including Tupac Shakur, Frank Sinatra and the theme song to “Law & Order.” Andre Williams got stuffed at the goal line by linebacker Kelvin Sheppard in 11-on-11 drills, an all-to-familiar sight for Giants fans. The third-year big-bodied running back out of Boston College, drafted by Big Blue in the fourth round in 2014, is supposed to be a short-yardage back, only he rarely moves the pile. Darius Powe, a rookie wide receiver from Cal battling to make the team, made the play of practice, hauled in a bomb through double coverage from backup quarterback Ryan Nassib and holding on after getting hammered by safety Nat Berhe. Defensive tackle Jay Bromley (ankle) and linebacker J.T Thomas (hamstring) remained on the side in the rehabilitation area and on the Physically Unable to Perform (PUP) list. Otherwise, the Giants are injury-free. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under andre williams ,  ben mcadoo ,  eli apple ,  janoris jenkins ,  new york giants ,  odell beckham jr. ,  victor cruz Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Giants' Weston Richburg on football-player Jesus and Odell... Read Next Giants' Weston Richburg on football-player Jesus and Odell... Most Popular This Week 1 Donald Trump's media summit was a 'f−−−ing firing squad' 2 Melania and Barron Trump won’t be moving to the White House 3 College kids are proving Trump's point 4 Did this astronaut warn of aliens before attempting suicide? 5 Trump may not be able to work in the Oval Office for over a year 6 Bus driver asked kids if they were 'ready to die' before fatal crash: mom Share Selection Columnists Mike Vaccaro Ralph Branca gave Shot Heard ’Round the World its perfect dignity Mark Cannizzaro The secret to Eli Manning's success revealed SEE ALL COLUMNISTS The Post Line NBA NCAAB NHL NCAAF NFL Wednesday Favorite Line Underdog ORLANDO OFF (OFF) Phoenix CLEVELAND 11½ (218½) Portland INDIANA OFF (OFF) Atlanta San Antonio 3½ (199½) CHARLOTTE Memphis 4½ (196½) PHILADELPHIA DETROIT 4½ (190) Miami Boston 7 (214) BROOKLYN HOUSTON 3 (218) Toronto DALLAS OFF (OFF) LA Clippers UTAH OFF (OFF) Denver NEW ORLEANS 1 (210) Minnesota SACRAMENTO 2½ (208) Oklahoma City GOLDEN STATE OFF (OFF) LA Lakers Wednesday Favorite Line Underdog KENTUCKY 28½ Cleveland St Michigan 3½ SOUTH CAROLINA VILLANOVA 20 Coll. Of Charleston DUKE 21½ William & Mary JAMES MADISON 2 Louisiana-Lafayette RUTGERS 12 North Texas WAKE FOREST 14½ Coastal Carolina Missouri St 1 DEPAUL SAN FRANCISCO 8 Troy Wichita St 11½ LSU Baylor 2½ Va Commonwealth Michigan St 8 St. John's Louisville 17 Old Dominion Ball St 14 S. Utah Elon 6 Ill.-Chicago N. ILLINOIS 10 Cal Poly St. Bonaventure OFF Pepperdine UALR OFF Cent. Michigan Buffalo 8 ALASKA ANCHORAGE Nevada 5 Oakland Wednesday Favorite Money Line Underdog Detroit 100-110 BUFFALO WASHINGTON 115-125 St. Louis NY RANGERS 113-123 Pittsburgh MINNESOTA 158-170 Winnipeg NEW JERSEY OFF-OFF Toronto COLUMBUS 170-185 Calgary TAMPA BAY OFF-OFF Philadelphia NASHVILLE 147-157 Dallas ARIZONA 130-140 Vancouver Edmonton 103-113 COLORADO SAN JOSE 129-139 Chicago LOS ANGELES 166-178 NY Islanders Thursday Favorite Opening Current (O/U) Underdog LSU 3½ 6½ (48½) TEXAS A&M Friday BOWLING GREEN 10 13½ (58) Buffalo W MICHIGAN 9½ 9 (68½) Toledo N Illinois 5 5 (46) KENT ST IOWA 2½ 3½ (OFF) Nebraska Arkansas 7½ 7½ (75) MISSOURI TULSA 16½ 22½ (62½) Cincinnati TEXAS PK 3 (59) TCU Boise St 9 9½ (64) AIR FORCE SOUTHERN MISS OFF OFF (OFF) Louisiana Tech NORTH CAROLINA 10 11½ (58½) NC State MEMPHIS OFF OFF (OFF) Houston Washington 6 6 (64½) WASHINGTON ST Baylor 2½ 5 (84½) Texas Tech Arizona St 6 3 (68½) ARIZONA Saturday CLEMSON 24 24 (50) South Carolina TEMPLE 16 20½ (60) East Carolina UCONN 2 PK (37½) Tulane MARYLAND 12½ 13½ (52) Rutgers PITTSBURGH 23½ 24½ (67½) Syracuse West Virginia 9 7½ (57) IOWA ST NORTHWESTERN 15 16½ (44½) Illinois INDIANA 16½ 20½ (62½) Purdue PENN ST 13½ 12½ (54½) Michigan St WAKE FOREST 2 3½ (35½) Boston College KANSAS ST 24½ 26½ (54) Kansas WISCONSIN 14 15 (44) Minnesota MIAMI 14 15 (52) Duke GEORGIA 4½ 4 (48) Georgia Tech VIRGINIA TECH 18½ 19 (54½) Virginia ALABAMA 20 17 (47½) Auburn LOUISVILLE 26 26½ (75) Kentucky UCLA 5½ 3 (71½) CALIFORNIA UNLV 7 9½ (62) Nevada San Jose St 4 3 (51½) FRESNO ST OLD DOMINION 14 13½ (62½) FIU Appalachian St 17 17½ (58) NEW MEXICO ST Troy 26½ 27 (59) TEXAS STATE Oregon 3 3 (71½) OREGON ST MIDDLE TENNESSEE 12½ 14 (63½) FAU COLORADO 10 10½ (54) Utah W Kentucky 21 24 (65) MARSHALL Navy 8 7 (70) SMU North Texas PK 3 (52½) UTEP SOUTH FLORIDA 8 10½ (66½) UCF UTSA 7 10 (54½) Charlotte FLORIDA ST 4½ 7 (45) Florida STANFORD 33 36 (54) Rice Arkansas St 6½ 5 (49) LOUISIANA-LAFAYETTE Tennessee 10 7 (54) VANDERBILT MISSISSIPPI 8 7½ (69) Mississippi St OHIO STATE 7 6½ (46) Michigan SOUTHERN CAL 17 17½ (57) Notre Dame IDAHO 2½ 5 (51) South Alabama Wyoming PK 3 (71) NEW MEXICO SAN DIEGO ST 12½ 11½ (55½) Colorado St BYU 19½ 18 (53) Utah St HAWAII 10½ 7½ (61) UMass Thursday Favorite Opening Current (O/U) Underdog DETROIT 2½ 2½ (43) Minnesota DALLAS 6½ 7 (51) Washington Pittsburgh 2½ 9 (47) INDIANAPOLIS Sunday HOUSTON 2 1 (47) San Diego Tennessee PK 5 (42) CHICAGO BUFFALO 7½ 7½ (45½) Jacksonville BALTIMORE 2 4½ (40½) Cincinnati ATLANTA 3 4 (50) Arizona MIAMI 7½ 8 (45½) San Francisco NEW ORLEANS 6 7 (46) Los Angeles NY Giants 7 7 (44½) CLEVELAND Seattle 6 5½ (45) TAMPA BAY OAKLAND 3½ 3½ (49) Carolina DENVER 3 3 (39½) Kansas City New England 9 8 (46½) NY JETS Monday PHILADELPHIA 3 3½ (47½) Green Bay See All Most Popular Today 1 Bus driver asked kids if they were 'ready to die' before fatal crash: mom Donald Trump's media summit was a 'f−−−ing firing squad' Trump won't pursue charges against Clinton Teacher says parent beat her up for reporting child neglect Why Trump isn't pursuing charges against Hillary Clinton More Stories pagesix J.Law worries her privates will turn into 'wet sponges' Now On Decider Jon Stewart Calls Liberals Hypocrites For Saying Trump Voters Are Racist nypost Bus driver asked kids if they were 'ready to die' before fatal crash: mom New York Post Twitter Facebook Instagram Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Twitter Facebook Instagram Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2016 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly NY Post Never Miss a Story Get The Post delivered directly to your inbox NY Post Morning Report Page Six Daily Breaking News Special Offers Email Sign Up By clicking above you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. X Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
MSPU Windows Phone Windows 10 Surface Xbox Enterprise Tip us Settings Text Input: Windows 10 Windows Phone Surface Xbox Enterprise Settings Tip us Forum Text Input: Microsoft exec thinks Apple is ‘doing customers disservice with old tech’ 2 by Greg Jordan  @solo_g06 Aug 6, 2016 at 21:14 GMT4 months ago With rumors of a Surface Pro 5 and a Surface Book 2 on the horizon, Microsoft seems to be adamant about keeping its customers updated with the latest and greatest, with yearly iterations of the original Surface Pro since 2013, and some variants as well. While Redmond fans get to look forward to new tech every year (at least in the PC division), what about those dedicated to Cupertino? It seems as though Apple has been lacking when it comes to innovation, let one Microsoft exec tell it. Brian Hall, general manager of Microsoft’s Surface line, had this to say about his long time competitor: I compete with Apple and respect them. but they ARE doing their customers a disservice at times with old tech… https://t.co/PR2pC6TsJh — Brian Hall (@IsForAt) August 5, 2016 Now Apple does have a slightly diverse product line, with PCs, Macbooks, iPads, and iPhones, but lest we forget, the MacBook Air was last redesigned six years ago, and the MacBook Pro’s design hasn’t changed since 2012. In addition, many of the Macs have not been updated with the latest processors, which may be why Apple’s computer shipments declined 11.5% annually last quarter. However, there are rumors which suggest a new MacBook Pro with a new touchscreen keyboard and the latest and greatest Intel chips will be coming this fall, but i wouldn’t get my hopes up. While Apple has yet to respond, it has just released an ad for the iPad Pro, touting it as more than a tablet, more like a computer. While I can’t say I agree with this, the ad is very impressive, and would probably make due for another piece of hardware. Some links in the article may not be viewable as you are using an AdBlocker. Please add us to your whitelist to enable the website to function properly. Via CNET Related apple brian hall Innovation MacBook Microsoft News old tech Surface Tweet Share 0 Read these next Trending Microsoft’s Home Hub appears to be on the Windows and Device Group product roadmap by Surur 0 Trending Microsoft is bringing Xbox One game streaming to the Oculus Rift on Windows 10 by Mehedi Hassan 0 Comments Advertisement MSPoweruser Podcast MSPoweruser Podcast 22: No Phone Left Behind by Andrew Bennett on November 21, 2016 It doesn’t matter if your phone’s running the fast ring, slow ring, or even stuck on 10586 – Windows 10 Mobile users have plenty of updates to enjoy downloading this week, ... Subscribe Now Windows 10 Microsoft’s CEO Satya Nadella wants to build the ‘the ultimate mobile device’ by Mehedi Hassan on November 22, 2016 Many Microsoft execs have been spoken of building new category of devices lately. This, of course, includes Satya Nadella. In a recent interview, Nadella acknowledged the fact that Microsof... HP Elite x3 snags a new firmware update by Sean Chan HP has started rolling out a new firmware update for the Elite x3. The latest firmware update takes the software to 0002.0000.0018.0105. This update does not seem to include any new features... Microsoft’s Home Hub appears to be on the Windows and Device Group product... by Surur We reported earlier that the software foundations for Microsoft’s Home Hub have been spotted, showing that it would allow access to a Family Desktop above the Lock Screen featuring ... Cartoon texture pack now available on Minecraft: Pocket and Windows 10 Editions by Pradeep Mojang today announced the availability of Cartoon texture pack on Minecraft Pocket and Windows 10 Editions. A Minecraft texture pack to surprise and amuse you. Even the spiders are happy! T... ASUS ROG G701VI gaming laptop with NVIDIA GTX 1080 now available for order in th... by Pradeep Earlier this month, ASUS announced the updated ROG G701VI gaming laptop with NVIDIA GTX 1080 card. The VR Ready NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1080 graphics card used in ROG G701VI provides improved gra... Deals Deals Deal: Get ReCore Xbox One game for just $19.99 You can now get the popular adventure game ReCore for just $19.99 from Amazon. Experience a new masterpiece from Keiji Inafune and the makers of Metroid Prime. Explore a dynamic world in a ... Deal: Save up to £30 on Office for a limited time from Microsoft Store UK You can now save up to £30 on Office for a limited time from Microsoft Store UK. Office 365 Home, Office Home & Student 2016 for Mac and Office Home and Student 2016 are available on di... Black Friday Deal: Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core m3, Surface Pen and Type Cover ... Microsoft Store UK’s Black Friday Deal for Surface Pro 4 device is now available online. Get a Surface Pro 4 with 128GB / Intel Core m3, Surface Pen and Type Cover for just £599. You ... Deal: Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core i5/128GB for $799, plus add a Type Cover for... Microsoft Store is now offering a discount of $200 for the Core i5/128GB Surface Pro 4 device in the United States. You can now get a Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core i5, 128GB SSD and ... Deal: Save $250 on entry-level Surface Book device from Microsoft Store Microsoft Store is now offering $250 discount on the entry level Surface Book device. Surface Book Intel Core i5/8GB RAM/128GB device (non-gpu) model is now available for $1249. Surface Book... Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core i5 and 256GB storage for £969 Microsoft Store is now offering a discount of £110 for the Core i5/256GB Surface Pro 4 device in the UK. You can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core i5, 256GB SSD and 4GB RAM for ... Microsoft Store to offer great deals on Surface, Windows 10 PCs and Xbox for thi... Along with the great deals on Xbox One consoles and Xbox games, Microsoft today announced that they will be offering great deals from Microsoft Store for this Black Friday. Find the details ... Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core m3/128GB SSD and Alcantara Type Co... BestBuy retail stores are now offering a great deal on the entry level Surface Pro 4 device in the United States. You can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core m3, 128GB SSD and 4GB ... Xbox One clearance sale now available from Microsoft Store UK, save up to £200 Microsoft Store UK is going early with the Black Friday Deals. Today, Microsoft Store UK has started selling Xbox One bundles starting at just £199. For example, you can get the Xbox One ... HP’s Black Friday Sale deals revealed, includes several Windows laptops HP’s Black Friday Sale deals were revealed yesterday. It includes number of Windows laptops, desktops, PC accessories, monitors, etc,. For example, you can save up to $729 on HP Elit... Forums About Us Contact Us Tip Us Submit Articles Community Guidelines Privacy Policy © 2016 MSPoweruser - All rights reservedNot associated with Microsoft   Top
  Home     U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest headlines World News You mag Event Books Mail Shop Bingo Property Horoscopes Blogs Motoring My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad In anticipation of the iPhone audio jack apocalypse, Audeze have launched a brilliant set of headphones that connect through the charging port By Rob Waugh Event for The Mail on Sunday Published: 17:20 EST, 6 August 2016 | Updated: 00:21 EST, 7 August 2016 e-mail 6 View comments Next month, Apple may unleash the apocalypse. Mass hysteria, seas boiling, and dogs and cats living together, as Bill Murray puts it in Ghostbusters. Or at least you’d think that was the case from people’s reactions to the rumour that the company might remove the headphone jack from the new iPhone this September. Audeze has included a built-in microphone allowing users to take phone calls – a great way to unnerve strangers by making them think you’re talking to them in the street There are even promises from die-hard Apple-istas to do the unthinkable and switch to Android. That’s the tech equivalent of Donald Trump buying a house in Mexico. Using a paired app, you can tweak the sound, graphic-equaliser style, until it is more like a sonic weapon than anything resembling music. Don’t do this after a heavy meal Whether or not Apple actually does it this year – which would mean that iPhone users would have to plug in their old headphones via an adaptor – it seems likely that it’s in the pipeline. For both Apple and its rivals, the advantage would be to build far thinner phones. In anticipation of that time, Audeze has launched its new Sine headphones that connect through the iPhone’s charging (Lightning) port. The phones also incorporate a digital-to-analogue converter, which generates far higher sound quality – in fact, you’d struggle to find anything that sounds better bar £1,000-plus home-listening headphones. Audeze has included a built-in microphone allowing users to take phone calls – a great way to unnerve strangers by making them think you’re talking to them in the street. Like most early-adopter technologies, these cans are instantly enviable – but so over-the-top they’re faintly silly. The headphones are pretty hi-tech though: they’re ‘planar magnetic’, which means they have a huge magnetic driver that gives absolutely ridiculous bass response. Using a paired app, you can tweak the sound, graphic-equaliser style, until it is more like a sonic weapon than anything resembling music. Don’t do this after a heavy meal. For hi-fi fans, these are an object of lust. For everyone else: don’t panic, a cheaper alternative will come along soon. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Mexit? Not after THAT margarita! Peyotito, a new Mexican... 'Security banned water pistols, tennis balls and tin cans... Share this article Share   Share or comment on this article e-mail Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angry and upset Justin Bieber has a heated exchange with his security team a minute after he 'punched' a fan in the face Has Brian Friedman confirmed Cheryl's 'pregnancy'? X Factor choreographer claims star is 'having a baby' with Liam Payne That's awkward... My days as a lingerie model! Kelly Brook shows off stunning figure in throwback underwear snap taken 20 years ago  Still a knockout 'Any exercise is better than no exercise': MIC's Louise Thompson gets up close and personal with trainer boyfriend Ryan Libbey in bizarre workout video Catherine Zeta-Jones, 47, sizzles in VERY plunging swimsuit with husband Michael Douglas, 72, as the pair put problems behind them for Mexican break Stuck for Christmas shopping inspo? From a rose gold private plane to an Island in the South Pacific, 10 of the most amazing presents money can buy! SPONSORED Adam Thomas' fiancée Caroline Daly and his cute son Teddy arrive in Australia as friends and family of I'm A Celeb stars prepare for the show's first eviction  'He'll never say I look fat': Sophie Kasaei shows off her curves in racy lingerie for steamy shoot with Joel Corry... as she gushes about her supportive boyfriend 'It's difficult to talk about': Mariah Carey speaks about James Packer split while putting on a VERY busty display on Ellen Very contentious split She's morphing into Kim Kardashian! Blac Chyna looks like Rob's sister with lighter makeup and long raven locks in new video Keeping up with Kim 'Have a little dignity!': Sam Faiers sparks mixed reaction from fans by sharing sweet snap of herself breastfeeding baby Paul at the table 'I've lost all respect for you': Katie Price faces fan backlash as the animal lover poses in a real raccoon fur coat padded with duck down feathers  Braless Marnie Simpson is seen out for the first time since EPIC meltdown... as she parties with Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei in very sexy mini dress 'It's not even 9pm yet!' EastEnders viewers left squirming at Whitney and Lee's pre-watershed 'cringiest sex scene ever' Uncomfortable viewing  'Happiest birthday to my favorite little angel!' Liam Hemsworth gives Miley Cyrus a quirky rainbow ring after she revealed she doesn't like her diamond Leggy blonde! Charlize Theron flaunts lean limbs in plaid mini dress as she slims down after gaining 35lbs for upcoming comedy Tully Back to her best EXCLUSIVE 'There's never a bad intention with her': MIC newcomer Julius Cowdrey says he never meant to come between Binky Felstead and her beau JP I'm A Celebrity's Scarlett Moffatt reveals she's paid off her parents' mortgage... as show bosses face accusations of 'fix' over her airtime 'I felt like a bully': Emmerdale's Gillian Kearney reveals even SHE was upset at her character's distressing scene with dementia-sufferer Ashley Cosy knitwear like Kendall or fab faux fur like Kate Moss: The snuggliest - and most stylish - ways to keep warm this winter! SPONSORED Look away, Chloe! Marty McKenna packs on the PDA with Geordie Shore newbie Elettra Lamborghini as they hit the town with his former flame Oversharing? Dancing With The Stars judge Julianne Hough posts photo of herself on the TOILET while wearing her massive ball gown Behind the scenes Who's that girl? Cristiano Ronaldo's stunning new girlfriend is a 'Spanish Gucci employee'... and she's already been invited to watch him play 'I was abused when I was EIGHT': Rebecca Ferguson reveals she was attacked in a children's home leaving her feeling 'dirty and wrong' Harry's bagged a great deal! Prince's new girlfriend Meghan Markle was once a glamorous assistant on the US version of Deal or No Deal  James Norton is back in his dog collar as he films scenes for Grantchester series three with co-star Robson Green in Cambridgeshire Sexy mama! George Clooney's ex Stacy Keibler flaunts cleavage in cut-out top while on date with millionaire husband in LA Looking good lNick and Joe Jonas' younger brother Frankie, 16, is cited for possession of marijuana in Nashville Stopped outside a store in Nashville TOWIE's Chloe Lewis enjoys dog walk with her co-stars as she films scenes for Christmas special amid Luke Pasqualino romance rumours Business before the brother-in-law? Rob Kardashian ignores Kanye West's 'psychotic break' and promote his new festive range of socks Brooklyn swoops in on pal Rocco Ritchie's girlfriend Kim Turnbull for a giggly lunch... as Madonna's son is arrested for possessing cannabis Looks like someone is getting grounded': Stony-faced Guy Ritchie steps out after son Rocco, 16, is arrested for possessing cannabis Won't be impressed 'I don't understand why it is not okay to be plus-size': Size 22 model Tess Holliday says she has no problem with the phrase as she discusses baby weight  Madonna's son Rocco Ritchie, 16, 'hangs around with teens from a council estate and tries to get served in pubs,' neighbours reveal after his cannabis arrest She can't stop, and won't stop changing her hair! As Miley Cyrus celebrates turning 24, FEMAIL charts her most drastic hair make-overs Chameleon  Lauren Goodger works her poses like a pro as she flaunts her 'bigger and better' bum in skin-tight leggings before heading to a work out Her cheekiest look yet 'I've finally admitted it': Susanna Reid declares her love for Piers Morgan... as she's reunited with Bill Turnbull in 'tense' encounter on GMB sofa  Justin Bieber 'PUNCHES fan in the face and leaves him bloodied' in new violent outburst... as it's claimed 'the minor is considering suing him' Suits you! Katie Piper looks chic in an elegant teal velvet trouser suit as she opens the Ideal Home Show It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas 'You are not an honest man': Judge slams Marco Pierre-White Jr after he admits going on a £2,500 spending spree with his ex girlfriend's bank card Chloe Ferry copies her idol Kylie Jenner as she flashes double nipple piercings on night out... as her ex co-star Chantelle Connelly labels her a '2 faced ****' Made In Chelsea's Olivia Bentley poses NAKED in the bath... before showing off her toned bikini body in a sizzling throwback snap  Making waves Cristiano Ronaldo puts on a smitten display with stunning new girlfriend Georgina Rodriguez as he goes incognito at Disneyland Paris in a bizarre wig Adele announces two huge gigs at Wembley Stadium in 2017 as a finale to her epic world tour... after announcing plans to have another baby during break All the fun of the fair! Tamara Ecclestone takes adorable daughter Sophia for a very merry day out at Winter Wonderland Festive fun 'They are loving it!' Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield bake up a storm inside This Morning's EDIBLE gingerbread kitchen as viewers go wild 'I feel like a new man': I'm A Celebrity star Martin Roberts reveals how £6k hair transplant transformed his life   Proud of his new crowning glory Former Apprentice star Nick Hewer claims show is manipulated by producers who deliberately pick sexy contestants and those with ridiculous CVs He's got a type! Underworld director Len Wiseman steps out with beautiful brunette... who is estranged wife Kate Beckinsale's doppelgänger It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas in November: Festivities come early for Sharon Osbourne and Holly Willoughby as they decorate 5 WEEKS early Madonna's son Rocco Ritchie, 16, is arrested for possessing cannabis after wealthy Primrose Hill 'neighbours complained about him smoking drugs'  'She is being amazing': Kim Kardashian 'very supportive' of husband Kanye West while in hospital... as it's claimed Paris robbery a factor in his 'mental breakdown' Uh-oh! Brooklyn Beckham, 17, can't hide his dismay as he finds a parking ticket slapped on his flashy Mercedes He'll have no problem paying Davinia Taylor auctions contents of her lavish Grade II listed Tudor home - and the incredible private collection includes works by Banksy 'I've grown up in my own skin': Rita Ora flashes her bra and toned tum in leather and faux fur as she reveals the inspiration behind her new album 'I'm not going to sit back': Leah Remini talks fighting Scientology 'bullies' with new docu-series and claims she's been followed since leaving Church Busty Rhian Sugden sheds all inhibitions as she shows off her eye-popping assets by going totally TOPLESS in sizzling video Daring to bare Cha-cha-charming! Busty Amber Rose shows off her famous curves as she returns to Dancing With The Stars with Maksim Chmerkovskiy 'How not to cut butternut squash': Viewers in shock after GBBO's Andrew Smyth almost cuts off his FINGERS while chopping vegetables on Lorraine Michelle Collins has a less than glamorous end to her evening as she has a run-in with homeless man on her way home from London event Throwing the towel-ling: Leggy Sam Faiers wears a dressing gown as a coat on a night out... after falling out with her family over LA move Not her usual gown Holy smokes! Joaquin Phoenix puffs on a cigarette as he relaxes on set with Rooney Mara during a break from playing Jesus Christ in Mary Magdalene Rosamund Pike looks pretty in a shimmering pink jumper as she discusses new film A United Kingdom on Lorraine Moving new role Olympia Valance showcases her stunning curves in sexy lace lingerie and sheer suspender and stockings in VERY revealing photo shoot Kylie Minogue and her matching fiancé Joshua Sasse give empowering message about same-sex marriage as they take to the stage at Aussie music awards Hello, is it tum-me you're looking for! Sofia Richie flashes her abs in stylish crop top as she steps out for dinner with close friend Nicole Peltz Out and about 'They got the perfect angle': John Legend blames red carpet PHOTOGRAPHERS for Chrissy Teigen's major wardrobe malfunction despite her racy dress 'Hey baby, do those legs go all the way up?' Chrissy Teigen laughs off her epic AMAs wardrobe malfunction with hilarious Family Guy meme Ellen DeGeneres comforted by Robert De Niro as she cries after receiving Presidential Medal Of Freedom at star-studded White House ceremony Phil Collins' ex buys the house next door to her for $4m MORE than asking price because she was worried it would be torn down and replaced by a mansion Newly engaged Pixie Lott shows off her incredible figure in extreme plunging green swimsuit and oversized vintage frames in Jamaica   Breast display ever! The Veronicas put on a busty display as they sing TOPLESS and covered in glitter at 2016 ARIA Awards One way to shine The Veronica's Lisa Origliasso reveals INTIMATE details about her sister's relationship with Ruby Rose...while hosting the 2016 ARIA Awards 'Multitasking!': Jeff Lewis does housework while cradling newborn daughter Monroe... as housekeeper Zoila puts her feet up Family time 'We can't get complacent!' Troye Sivan vows to keep fighting for same-sex marriage at ARIAs... as he dedicates his award to 'every LGBTQ kid'  'You just train like an absolute psycho for 20 minutes': Body Coach Joe Wicks reveals how you CAN eat what you want and get the body of your dreams Claudia Schiffer reaches out of court settlement with millionaire neighbour who sued her for cutting down two of his trees in Majorca  Is this to get rid of Ed? Strictly bosses add tricky extra dance to Saturday's show 'in plot to get comedy act Balls booted out' Has fans behind him Horrified Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman are covered in critters in I'm A Celeb task... as poisonous snake attacks camp while they sleep I'm a Celebrity... I've got this! Vicky Pattison poses with baby crocodile at an animal sanctuary... before gushing over beau John Noble in sweet snap 'What are we doing here?' Charlize Theron gets emotional in first trailer for her ex boyfriend Sean Penn's dramatic new film The Last Face  Charli XCX rated! British pop star flashes her bottom in ridiculously short white skirt as stars dare to bare on red carpet at Aussie music awards Is he single? Orlando Bloom is seen with a female friend in Malibu amid rumours he has split from girlfriend of 10 months Katy Perry In good spirits Eugenie and her very happy ring: Princess dons emoji jewellery - but still no engagement band - as she steps out with boyfriend Jack Brooksbank She's a beautiful creature! Lady Amelia Windsor shows off her wild side at the Animal Ball in a lime green feathered mask Looked royally good 'Sorry about the weird end to the show!': Ant and Dec experience awkward technical issue during live I'm A Celebrity broadcast  Cringeworthy moment James Jordan arrives Down Under to support Ola on I'm A Celebrity... as he admits he wants jungle life to get 'hardcore' for his wife Living luxury close by Shirtless Jordan Banjo displays his athletic physique and rippling abs in I'm A Celeb jungle shower... after mum speaks out on his 7st weight loss 'Is Martin okay?' Viewers voice their concern for property expert Roberts as he hilariously 'comes out' as a tree hugger on I'm A Celeb Kylie Jenner, 19, and beau Tyga, 27, smooch on camera as teen reality star throws a Friendsgiving dinner for pals Amid Kanye drama 'I had to do that as a mum!' The Duchess of Cambridge puts a comforting arm around mother as son, 13, told Kate of his struggle with autism at charity event Robbie Williams puts on a cheeky display at 2016 ARIA Awards... after admitting that despite being sober for 17 years the event might 'break him' Feeling nippy? Actress Sophie Monk suffers an unfortunate nip-slip in semi-sheer bejewelled silver frock at 2016 ARIA Awards red carpet Sheer faux pas Hitched! Corey Feldman marries girlfriend Courtney Anne in Vegas ceremony... two weeks after popping the question due to deportation fears How low can you go? Sarah Jessica Parker dares to bare in flouncy off-the-shoulder frock for Jimmy Fallon appearance Would Carrie approve? What Kanye crisis? Khloe Kardashian reunites with NBA beau Tristan Thompson in Cleveland to hand out turkey dinners Life carrying on 'Rob and his daughter make me want to cry': Kylie Jenner gushes over snaps of Dream whose mother is her boyfriend's ex One big happy family Bye-bye NY! Kourtney, Khloe and Kris rush back to LA to be with Kim and Kanye as rapper is hospitalized following 'psychiatric emergency' Kardashian clan rush back to L.A. for Kanye's 'psychiatric emergency': Doctors 'feared he'd attack cops who came to hospitalize rapper in cuffs'  Peep show! Mariah Carey flashes her cleavage in Instagram promo for Ellen DeGeneres spot Mock-flashed the camera on the show Elizabeth Hurley, 51, wows in plunging silk gown with eagle-inspired fascinator for Animal Ball... yet BFF Patrick Cox is a feathered fail in face-obscuring hat Zoo's that girl? Olivia Grant, Liz Hurley, Lily Cole and Anna Friel get wild in elaborate headgear as The Animal Ball descends on 40 venues across London Cheap thrills! Multi-millionaire Gwen Stefani shops at affordable retail chain Target with her sons One of the biggest rock stars on the planet FBI closes child abuse investigation of Brad Pitt following review of private jet incident with son Maddox and 'will not pursue further' Cleared Dolly Parton looks colourful in tight holiday inspired outfit for premiere of Christmas Of Many Colours in Tennessee Bright young thing Retail therapy! Kylie Jenner shares lingerie snap as she shops for luxury cars while Kanye West remains hospitalized Stunning Baby, it's cold outside! Jessica Biel takes one-year-old son Silas shopping for winter coats in chilly New York Made sure to be prepared for winter She's got a flare for fashion! Lady Gaga resurrects the '70s in bell bottoms and platforms while out and about in New York Retro vibe Oh deer: Danish royals Princess Mary and Prince Frederik bring their five-year-old twins to inspect slain deer at annual hunting parade  Part of their tradition Tears of terror: I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek and Jordan Banjo are overcome with emotion as stars are locked into boxes full of snakes, rats and bugs Crop at the shops! Emily Ratajkowski shows off flat stomach in skimpy top as she goes on spree in Beverly Hills More clothes than usual 'Things are really heating up': Louis Smith has been secretly 'dating Lucy Mecklenburgh lookalike and Strictly tour dancer Florence Edge' Learning from the best! Miley's little sister Noah Cyrus unveils her first music video for Make Me (Cry) Her dad did have an achy breaky heart Chantelle Connelly flaunts her enviably toned body in a sexy bandeau bikini as she enjoys a day of pampering... following fiery Geordie Shore exit Real Housewives of New York star Bethenny Frankel says she's the victim of fraud and malpractice in suit over botched trust with ex Jason Hoppy  'Actually I prefer Batman': Spider-Man Tom Holland laughs off criticism from a young fan as he joins Zendaya to visit children's hospital The big cover up! Jennifer Aniston touches down in LA under a large floppy hat and coat...after talking sex toys on UK television American rapper Mos Def FINALLY allowed to leave South Africa after being detained TEN MONTHS ago for using 'World Passport' Broke immigration laws 'He's not flirty': Adam Thomas' fiancée Caroline Daly defends I'm A Celeb star against claims he's getting close to model Lisa Snowdon in the jungle Double nipple rings! Kylie Jenner slyly exposes her new piercings in sheer lace bra as she copies sister Kendall Racy shoot Free Mason! Scott Disick lets his boy off the leash as they go for casual meal together in Beverly Hills A son always sees his father of as a role model Engaged! Rapper Gucci Mane pops the question to girlfriend of six years Keyshia Ka'oir with a 25 CARAT diamond ring on NBA kiss cam 'He's an angel baby': Pregnant Ciara weeps at bedside of terminally ill toddler during hospital visit with NFL star husband Russell Wilson Overcome with emotion Carrie Fisher bundles up for the cold as she arrives at book signing... after revealing she was sent to FAT FARM to play Princess Leia in 1977's Star Wars That's one way to show support! Kourtney Kardashian arrives back in LA wearing Yeezus harem pants as Kanye West remains hospitalised Scarlet siren Myleene Klass stuns in floor-length gown as she goes hand-in-hand with boyfriend Simon Motson at star-studded Save the Children Winter Gala The seldom-seen Delevingne! Poppy rocks neon lace while spotlight-shunning sister Chloe wows in sexy plunging gown at Save the Children gala Braiding love! Leona Lewis goes make-up free with sleek dual plaits as she indulges in retail therapy in Beverly Hills She's a natural beauty Jodie Kidd shows off her slim figure in a cream laser-cut skater dress as she celebrates Fundraiser Of The Year accolade at Just Giving Awards EXCLUSIVE: Leonardo DiCaprio's model ex Kendal Lee Schuler  is pregnant with first child... after unveiling baby bump during sunbathing session Jeremy McConnell makes rare public appearance at Allied screening... days after vowing to NEVER get back with pregnant ex Stephanie Davis Kanye West gives strange interview with Surface magazine ahead of being hospitalized for exhaustion and cancelling concert dates Where are North and Saint? Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's children 'under care of nannies' amid rapper's mental health emergency 'I want to be back here!' Ireland Baldwin shares racy swimsuit snap as she waxes nostalgic over Hawaiian photoshoot Sunny climes  It's a boy! Peter Andre and his wife Emily MacDonagh are 'extremely happy' after welcoming a healthy son into their growing family Good news Anna Friel is regal in an extravagant bird headpiece and ivory gown as she joins Ellie Goulding and Princess Eugenie at The Animal Ball 2016 Pregnant Marion Cotillard masks her burgeoning baby bump in plunging black gown as she joins Allied co-star Brad Pitt at Madrid premiere SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: I say, there's a Bentley in the bath! Made in Chelsea's Olivia shares a naked picture of herself Racy Make-up free Alessandra Ambrosio works up a healthy sweat as she shows off her toned tummy in a sports bra after a workout in Los Angeles November 30 Rita Ora rocks a leather jacket and ripped jeans as she makes a low-key landing into Heathrow fresh from the set of her new movie Geordie Shore's Marty McKenna 'hurls a BOTTLE at crowd of rowdy revellers' as he's jeered off stage during appearance at Newcastle nightclub Ellie the elephant! Goulding sports a lavish pom pom embellished headdress and plunging gold gown at star-studded Animal Ball 2016 in London 'I think he's exhausted': Kris Jenner talks of 'tired' Kanye West... as it's revealed rapper 'hadn't been himself for a while' before hospitalization Separate addresses? Kim Kardashian 'moved into mother Kris Jenner's Hidden Hills mansion when Kanye began his Pablo tour' What's going on? Jo Wood and burly builder ex Paul Scarborough continue to fuel rumours of romantic reunion as they get cosy while attending bash together The real stars of The Crown: No, not the actors but the 20,000 costumes designed with obsessive attention to historic detail - and cost be damned Petra Nemcova cuts a flirty figure as in a perilously plunging top and feathered skirt as she party hops in London Model behaviour Charlotte McKinney shows off her ample cleavage in high waisted jeans and skintight top as she catches a flight out of LAX Simple style So good she bought it twice! Duchess of Cambridge dazzles in £995 cocktail dress at children's charity (SAME one she wore in red on in Canada)  Are they or aren't they? Bachelor vet Ben Higgins talks wedding plans with Lauren Bushnell AFTER announcing their engagement is off Anaïs Gallagher shows off her rock chick credentials in bold neon pink shirt with studded biker jacket at Design Museum bash  Edgy style Lily Cole makes extremely rare red carpet appearance with partner Kwame Ferreira in support of The Animal Ball 2016 Date night 'My big crush was Alyssa Milano': Justin Timberlake reveals he had a poster of the Who's the Boss star on his wall as a kid during new interview  Harry's girl Meghan Markle says she wants to smash glass ceilings rather than having 'glass slippers' - even though she is dating a prince Jenni Falconer shows off her sensational curves in bold fuchsia gown as she wows at star-studded hair extensions bash Think pink 'I feel like it was our version of The Notebook': Jennifer Lawrence reveals she and BFF Emma Stone texted every day for a year Foxy Lady! Vogue Williams shows off her peachy posterior in a tiny black bikini... after 'going public with thespian beau Lawrence Fox' Back to work! Original Heathers star Shannen Doherty shares first photo on the set of the TV reboot as she continues to battle cancer Donna Air is dazzling in a pleated gold lamé gown as she joins beau James Middleton at The Animal Ball... after admitting she wants more children 'Nothing compares to you': Sofia Vergara celebrates first anniversary to Joe Manganiello with photos from their lavish wedding Is Adele's Australian tour in jeopardy? As tickets are refunded and the singer announces she is 'going to have another baby' fans begin to worry Suits you! Olga Kurylenko opts for flirty and feminine lace dress while Eva Herzigova nails masculine chic as they attend star-studded museum bash Jade Fur-wall! Little Mix singer steals the limelight from bandmates in tiny gold dress and luxurious red coat as she arrives for radio interview in Paris Hot to trot! Make-up free Kaley Cuoco leaves yoga class wearing a towel as a skirt and Uggs ahead of first Thanksgiving with equestrian beau The way we were! Shia LaBeouf swings by Jimmy Kimmel Live! where he is gifted commemorative plates depicting all his past appearances Carrie Fisher reveals she was sent to a FAT FARM before appearing in 1977's Star Wars because 'they didn't want all of me, just part of me' 'It's my embarrassment, not his!' Martine McCutcheon insists she DID vomit in Mick Hucknall's hair during disasterous date 'No one was a fan of the theme song': Jennifer Aniston reveals Friends cast disliked I'll Be There for You... as she admits dancing in fountain felt 'odd' Kourtney and Khloe Kardashian stop by Tommy Hilfiger's NYC offices day after their brother-in-law Kanye West is hospitalized Business as usual 'My dad was way more strict than my mom': Kendall Jenner shares flashback photo when Caitlyn was Bruce while revealing parenting styles 'Fading fast': Lightning McQueen crashes and flips in new teaser for Pixar's big budget upcoming animated sequel Cars 3 Coming soon Louise Redknapp jokes she's feeling the pressure to have a baby after dancing with Strictly's 'fertility king' Kevin Clifton    Takes two to tango Namaste! Jennifer Garner looks refreshed while leaving a yoga class in LA after more claims she is back with Ben Affleck Happy and healthy 'I used to resent them but now I feel extremely empowered': Anastacia reveals her mastectomy scars for the first time as she poses naked for stunning new shoot A natural! Rihanna has fun as she gets behind a long lens camera on the New York set of all-female Ocean's Eight film  Picking up tips Lostprophets singer Ian Watkins 'tweets from prison' where he is serving 35 years for hideous sex offences including trying to rape an 11-month-old baby Harry gets his hands dirty! Prince shows off his green fingers as he plants trees on Barbuda during third day of his Caribbean tour  Going green Two wheeling! Bella Thorne puts on a leggy display in skin-tight leather shorts and black tights as she goes for a spin on her bicycle Going for a spin A year to forget! Married Isla Fisher and Sacha Baron Cohen crash onto Forbes' biggest Hollywood flops 2016 list One to forget? All shook up! Channing Tatum dons Elvis Presley disguise for hilarious prank during elevator ride...all for charitable cause The King is back PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Natalie Dormer looks worlds away from Game Of Thrones as she joins Mel Gibson for The Professor And The Madman filming Goodbye, classroom. Hello, Loose Women! GBBO winner Candice reveals she feels 'horrendous' about ditching teaching for baking career 'I make love to pressure!' Jamie Foxx TWICE catches an American football flying 100 MPH as he trains for upcoming film All-Star Weekend Alexa Chung chats away on her mobile phone as she steps out in a stylish shearling jacket for solo stroll through the streets of New York Superheroes unite! Chris Hemsworth catches up with lookalike Avengers co-star Robert Downey Jr to discuss upcoming film and 'health tips' HBO releases long-awaited 41-second trailer for the sixth and final season of Lena Dunham's hit sitcom Girls 10-episode swan song Jesy Nelson looks in great spirits as she struts to Little Mix's interview in racy thigh-high boots... amid claims she 'split from fiancé Jake Roche weeks ago' Will Brad and Angelina reunite for Thanksgiving? Actress 'asks estranged husband for truce as children beg them to be nice to each other' Stylish in Stella! Kesha arrives at LAX in McCartney cat clothes after Billboard Women In Music Trailblazer award announcement Feline fine  Kanye's 'psychiatric emergency': West's doctor 'feared he'd hurt cops who hospitalized him' in psychotic episode that forced Kim to cancel comeback 'I was concerned by what I saw': John Legend speaks about his worries for close friend Kanye West Rapper was hospitalised on Monday 'I'm married and I have a propensity to shag strangers': Former party boy Robbie Williams reveals why he now chooses to stay home over a night out Rape survivor Gabrielle Union says she wanted to play an assault victim in her latest movie because it's her 'reality'  Speaking out  No pain, no gain: Real Housewives star Bethenny Frankel, 46, shows off the red welts on her back after a cupping session in NYC Pampering Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Black Friday Deals GPS & Sat Nav Mobile Apps Mobile Phone Accessories Mobile Phones Tablets Wearables & Fitness Trending: Black Friday Deals Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / Mobile Phone News / Apple Store app’s latest feature is creepy but genius Apple Store app’s latest feature is creepy but genius by Sean Keach 06 August 2016 0 shares Read Comments Apple has updated its Apple Store app with a new feature that recommends items based on products you already own. Sounds creepy, right? The latest update for the Apple Store app – version 4.0 – now allows the discovery of the device you’re using, and suggest other Apple products that you might like. For instance, if you’ve bought an iPhone 6S, it might suggest an accessory like a case or camera attachment. Similarly, if you’ve got the iPad Pro, the app might suggest a Smart Keyboard accessory. Apple’s version update changelog reads: "Get recommendations and shop for new products based on what works with the Apple devices you already own." You can find the new recommendations in the Discover section of the app. If you find the whole thing creepy however, then you can disable Apple’s access to your device model number in the settings. The new update went live this week, and also added a new Account tab for easily managing your profile. The app will also show off “helpful workshops and exciting events” that are happening at your nearest Apple Store, if you’re into that kind of thing. The Apple Store app lets you buy products online, directly from Apple. It weighs in at a fairly light 30.3MB, and even works on the Apple Watch. To use the app, you need to be running a device with iOS 9.0 or later. The current version has 3.5 out of 5 stars based on 87 ratings. All versions to date have scored 3.5 out of 5 stars, based on a total of 54,300 ratings. Related: Samsung Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Watch: The Refresh – Catch up on the latest tech news Do you own any Apple products? Tell us why (or why not) in the comments below. Latest Deals From Ebay NEW  Apple iPhone 6S - 16 / 64 / 128 GB (Unlocked) (T-Mobile) (AT&T) $749.99 View Item Apple iPhone 6S (Latest Model) - 64GB - Space Gray (Factory Unlocked) Smartphone $609.99 View Item NEW  Apple iPhone 6S - 16 / 64 / 128 GB (Unlocked) (T-Mobile) (AT&T) $739.99 View Item 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2016, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Toggle Navigation A-   A+ Sign in News   Stock Home «Back Apple production may fall 50pc in Himachal this year: Stokes Press Trust of India | Shimla Aug 06, 2016 09:57 PM IST Apple production is expected to fall by 50 per cent in Himachal this year compared to last year's crop of 7.55 lakh tonnes, state Horticulture Minister Vidya Stokes said. The state has exported about 14.50 lakh standard apple boxes to various terminal markets in the country this year so far. "The apple crop is not good this year due to deficient snowfall and poor rains' and might not even be 50 per cent of last year's crop of 7.55 lakh MT," Stokes said. About 14.50 lakh apple boxes (28,984 MT) have been sent to varies terminal markets till date during the current marketing seasonwhile 68.635 MT have been procured by the HPMC and NIMFED under the market intervention scheme, Horticulture Director D P Bhangalia said. He said that the State Government has so far opened 148 collection centres in the State for procurement of apples under Market Intervention Scheme, out of which 53 centres have been opened by HPMC and 95 by HIMFED. However, the growers in lower region producing early varieties of apple area happy lot as Royal and other delicious varieties are fetching returns ranging between Rs 1500 to Rs 2500 per standard apple box, said a progressive grower who is also a forwarding agent. Advertisement << Previous Article   «Back Most Read Ratan Tata's ego caused financial mess for group firms: Cyrus Mistry Demonetisation: Problem of plenty for RBI as banks park record Rs 4.32 lakh crore Demonetisation: Union Minister latest victim as hospital declines to accept old notes Supreme Court refuses to stay petitions against demonetisation No transaction charges on debit card payments: Govt More From Current Affairs HC raps agencies over slow probe of Dabholkar, Pansare murders Pak summons Indian Deputy HC for third time this week Centre removes Delhi Chief Secy Kewal Kumar Sharma Woman beaten to death by daughter-in-law 3 boys feared drowned in Rajasthan canal [ more ] Top Stories ICICI Prudential MF's attraction story Profit-sharing deals with PEs will need shareholders' nod Rs 1 lakh crore shaved off Tata group cos' m-cap since Mistry's ouster F C Kohli debunks Mistry's TCS sale claim SBI cuts bulk deposit rates by 1.25-1.9% [ more ] Markets ICICI Prudential MF's attraction story Fall below 7,900 could take Nifty to 7,500-7,600 levels Profit-sharing deals with PEs will need shareholders' nod Sesame output likely to fall 40% due to unfavourable climate Impact of demonetisation largely priced in: Ridham Desai [ more ] Companies Wadia sends third notice to Tata Sons Mistry knows where all the bodies are buried in Tata Group: Kumar Rs 1 lakh crore shaved off Tata group cos' m-cap since Mistry's ouster F C Kohli debunks Mistry's TCS sale claim Azim Premji-backed FSS plans to raise $250 million [ more ] Opinion Gujarat Gas results set off downgrades Expect lower growth at Eicher Reliance Industries valuation at 10-yr low Don't revive inspector raj Resolving a disagreement [ more ] Latest News ICICI Prudential MF's attraction story Fall below 7,900 could take Nifty to 7,500-7,600 levels Finders can't be keepers Profit-sharing deals with PEs will need shareholders' nod Sesame output likely to fall 40% due to unfavourable climate [ more ] Today's Paper Rs 1 lakh crore shaved off Tata group cos' m-cap since Mistry's ouster Zara's recipe for success: More data, fewer bosses Debit card charges dropped, farmers to get easier cash access We should have 5 million customers by 2020: David Mcmillan, Aviva Europe Pakistan's jihad makers [ more ] News you can use Demonetisation: Stricter norms for NRIs Spread equity investments over three-four months Deposits above Rs 2.5 lakh: Don't panic if you receive the I-T notice Expect your household budget to shoot up: Going cashless comes at a cost Opportunities amid chaos New Balance created its PR crisis. Neo-Nazis aren't helping [ more ]    X Share Box Permalink http://mybs.in/2TGoBP8 Home Today's Paper Top Stories Demonetisation Impact Latest News Market News Market Data Companies Economy & Policy Opinion Finance Personal Finance Current Affairs Politics Technology General News International Management Weekend Portfolio Have Your Say Ask Expert Photo Gallery Columnists Videos B2B Connect Live Chat Top Stories Market News Market Data Companies Opinion Economy & Policy Finance Jobs Politics Technology Personal Finance Current Affairs International Management Weekend B2B Connect General News General Photo Gallery Latest News Today's Paper Videos About Us Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Copyrights © 2016 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved | View Desktop Site
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Opinion: Is Apple dropping AirPort products just simple financial sense, or a slippery slope? Trending in Apple MacBook Pro Diary: First impressions in the metal and glass Trending in Apple Review: Koogeek Smart Plug is a simple, inexpensive, Wi-Fi HomeKit device to get started with Siri home automation Trending in Apple Comment: Given the ultra-low repairability of the new MacBook Pro, I’m getting AppleCare this time Trending in Apple Send in the Clones: If Apple doesn’t want to innovate the desktop Mac, it should let others Trending in Apple Hands-on impressions: 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar [Video] August 2 AAPL: 104.48 -1.57 Apple releases iOS 10 public beta 3 for iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch Zac Hall - 4 months ago @apollozac iOS 10 public beta View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Earlier this week Apple issued iOS 10 beta 4 to developers, and today the third public beta version of the pre-release software is available to match. iOS 10 public beta 3 should include the updated emoji characters introduced on Monday. iOS 10 includes loads of new features in the Messages app, a redesigned Apple Music experience, and much more. Apple’s public beta program is free to participate in unlike its paid developer program. iOS 10 will be released to everyone later this fall, and the public beta allows more users to test pre-release versions of the software update before it’s finalized. These iPhones, iPads, and iPod touches are compatible with iOS 10: iPad 4th gen iPad Air iPad Air 2 iPad Pro iPad mini 2 iPad mini 3 iPad mini 4 iPod touch 6th gen iPhone 5 iPhone 5c iPhone 5s iPhone SE iPhone 6 iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6s iPhone 6s Plus For a detailed walkthrough on how to install the iOS 10 public beta, check out Jeff Benjamin‘s video tutorial below or read the full guide here: For more on iOS 10, catch up on the latest headlines: Apple issues iOS 10 beta 4 for developers, here’s everything new iOS 10 will include over 100 new emoji, new diversity options, water gun, female athletes, more [Gallery] Apple releases new ‘Apple TV Remote’ app with Siri Remote features for iPhone Hands-on: New iOS 10 beta 4 features + changes [Video] Guides iOS 10 iOS 10 is the latest operating system for Apple's iPhone and iPad, slated to be released to the public in the fall of 2016 View THe Guide public beta View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Email Password Remember me Forgot password?     Log in with Facebook Log in with Twitter Log In news tech & science social media business entertainment life sports     Apple's Indian smartphone troubles are getting even worse Listen | Print By James Walker     Aug 6, 2016 in Technology A new report has revealed the extent of Apple's failure to win over Indian smartphone buyers. Google's Android now holds 97 percent of the market as Apple struggles to win customers over with the iPhone. Most devices sold in India are cheap handsets. According to data released yesterday by Strategy Analytics, Android now has an overwhelming command of the Indian smartphone market. Shipments grew 19 percent annually to reach 31 million units during the second quarter of 2016 but only a tiny minority represented Apple's handsets. The company managed to sell just 800,000 phones in the region during the quarter, a significant decline from its already dismal results last year. It shipped 1.2 million iPhones to India in the second quarter of 2015, 50 percent more than it managed in the same period this year. The company's market share has been halved from four percent to just two percent in India during the past year. This has allowed Android to climb up seven percent to a record high of 97 percent market share, achieved through 29.8 million sales during the second quarter of the year. Analysts blamed Apple's famously high pricing for its struggles. It doesn't compete in the low-end budget market, preferring to concentrate on creating premium products that people aspire to and regard as high quality. In India, this approach has been doomed to failure though. With few consumers able to afford an iPhone and the smartphone market still developing, Apple is unable to find buyers for its devices. India is being hailed as the most promising smartphone market in the world, the last remaining significant region that hasn't yet fully emerged onto the Internet. The average price paid for mobile phones in the country is still below $70 though, a problem for Apple which starts its pricing at around $300. "Apple iOS fell 35 percent annually and shipped 0.8 million smartphones in India in Q2 2016," said Woody Oh, Director at Strategy Analytics. "Apple’s smartphone marketshare has halved from four percent to just two percent in India during the past year. Apple iOS will need to reduce iPhone pricing to cheaper levels, attract more operator subsidies and enlarge its retail presence through Apple stores or online channels if it wants to regrow significantly in the future." Apple can't solve its issues simply by selling cheaper phones. It has demonstrated countless times before that it won't create a deliberately low-end or budget-friendly product. Reducing the cost of iPhones could lead to an expectation of price drops in other emerging markets too, leaving Apple unable to raise prices later on without aggravating consumers. However, if the company is to conquer India as it has America and Europe, it needs to start shifting phones. With only 800,000 moving per quarter, iOS is hardly going to be a familiar platform to the majority of Indian consumers. Strategy Analytics said that Android currently looks "unbeatable," supported by a wide range of handset manufacturers and popular services like Google's Gmail. Many of Apple's services, such as iCloud and iTunes, remain relatively obscure in the region. Apple is aware of its problems. During his tour of India earlier this year, CEO Tim Cook told local TV channel NDTV that Apple is "taking a step back" to view India in a more strategic light. He noted that India's smartphone market currently resembles China's as it was "seven to 10 years ago," suggesting Apple could simply wait until it reaches maturity before aggressively promoting phones. That approach is unlikely to work though. With Android already popular in the country and rapidly gaining new features, consumers could become too attached to Google's platform to consider moving to iOS. Apple is already stepping up its efforts in India. It has invested in new facilities in the country and setup an app accelerator to encourage Indian app developers to build for iOS. The company is approaching the country with a long-term development plan to enable it to have a presence "for a thousand years," although it could be a decade before it meets with any real success. More about Apple, India, Smartphones, Mobile, Devices More news from Apple India Smartphones Mobile Devices iPhone handsets Latest News Top News 'Russians, Americans and Turks' trying to destroy Europe: top MEP Weird blue mass detected in front of the Sun Obama awards his final Presidential Medals of Freedom In crisis-struck Rio, police need donated toilet paper Trumps picks first woman, a critic, for his cabinet Iraq forces cut off IS-held Mosul from Syria Arrest warrants for Iraq journalists over false report London chef Stephen Port found guilty of gay date-rape murders Verdict in Harris case reached: Kid's death was not accidental Germany amused by French candidate Fillon's Cold War map Corporate Contact Us About Us Advertise Investors & Partners Help & Support Editorial Guidelines Terms of Use Privacy Policy News Links Latest News Live Events News Alerts GlobeNewswire News Global Press Releases 24-7PressRelease.com copyright © 2016 digitaljournal.com   |   powered by dell servers
null
null
null
Dear Visitor, Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on. We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge. Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site. So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker’s "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site. Continue on this site freely   HOME     MENU     SEARCH     NEWSLETTER     TECHNOLOGY, DISCOVERY & INNOVATION. UPDATED 13 MINUTES AGO. Home Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation Health Science News Environment Automotive Tech You are here: Home / November 23, 2016 Certifications that stand out Build Apps 5x Faster For Half the Cost Enterprise Cloud Computing On Force.com THE FRONT PAGE   Failed Study, Dimmed Hopes in Hunt for Alzheimer's Treatment   A treatment for Alzheimer's failed to slow mental decline, ending hope that researchers at Eli Lilly had found a drug that does more to help those suffering from the fatal, mind-robbing disease. Continue Reading... HAPPENING NOW Environment Get Used to Heat Records; Study Predicts Far More in Future Discovery Dino-Killing Asteroid Made Rocks Behave Like Liquid Automotive Tech Volkswagen Bets on New Technology To Bounce Back from Crisis Space Space Station Receives Oldest Female Astronaut, Bit of Mars Innovation Facebook's Solar-Powered Drone Under Investigation After 'Accident' PC Specs for Windows VT Revealed   Gov't Wants Apps Blocked for Drivers   Trump Softens Warming Stance   MORE NEWS Protecting IoT Devices from Hackers Musk: Satellite-Powered Internet Pluto Has a Cold Wandering Heart Smart Speakers: Convenient, Creepy Lyft Lifts Off with New Look, Beacons Samsung Buying Harman for $8B Tesla, SolarCity Merger Approved TubeMogul Acquired by Adobe Sweltering 2016 To Set Heat Record The Complete Guide to Virtual Reality Volvo CEO Hoping To Drive Success Daydream View: Controller Is Key NEWS BY TOPIC Computing HP Results Show Improving PC Sales Facebook Messenger Scam Unveiled Say Goodbye to Apple Wi-Fi Routers Digital Life Tech Giants Seeking Political Peace? Twitter to Devs: Don't Make Spy Tools Study: Students Duped by Fake News Discovery Dino-Killing Asteroid Secrets Unveiled Samsung Recalls Washing Machines Facebook Users Live Longer: Study Space ISS Gets Oldest Female Astronaut Musk: Satellite-Powered Internet Pluto Has a Cold Wandering Heart Innovation PC Specs for Windows VT Revealed Facebook's Internet Drone Crashed Protecting IoT Devices from Hackers Health Hopes for Alzheimer's Drug Dashed Election Stress Disorder Is a Thing Mutations Helped Ebola Spread Science News Chimpanzees Need Friends Too Tiny Fibs Snowball into Big Lies Astronomers Find Hints of Planet Nine Environment Trump Softens Warming Stance Study: Get Used to Heat Records Sweltering 2016 To Set Heat Record Automotive Tech Gov't Wants Apps Blocked for Drivers Volkswagen Bets on New Technology Tesla, SolarCity Merger Approved BITS & BYTES RANDOM BYTES Climate Change and President Trump NEWS PICK Tesla Buying Germany's Grohmann SCI-TECH TODAY Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation Health Science News Environment Automotive Tech NEWSFACTOR NETWORK SITES Enterprise I.T. Sites: NewsFactor Technology News Enterprise Security Today CRM Daily Business & Innovation Sites: Sci-Tech Today NewsFactor Business Report NEWSFACTOR SERVICES About NewsFactor Network How To Advertise Free Newsletters How To Contact Us Services for PR Pros SEO Services Sponsored Content Services Article Reprints Top Tech Wire Privacy Policy Terms of Service © Copyright 2016 NewsFactor Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
ETF News Best ETFs Top Rated ETFs Best ETF Categories ETF Screener Tools ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETFs Hold Your Stock Find ETFs By Leverage Find ETFs By Asset Class Free Newsletter Search What Will Apple Use its Latest Artificial Intelligence Acquisition For? August 6, 2016 10:29am Nasdaq:AAPL ShareTweet News broke on Friday that Apple acquired artificial intelligence company Turi Inc. for around $200 million, fueling speculation on how Apple will leverage the new technology to improve its devices and services. In its typical fashion, Apple was mum about its plans. “Apple buys smaller technology companies from time to time, and we generally do not discuss our purpose or plans,” the company said in a statement. Turi, which was founded in 2013, offers a slew of advanced services for businesses. From Bloomberg: Turi helps developers create and manage software and services that use a form of AI called machine learning. It also has systems that let companies to build recommendation engines, detect fraud, analyze customer usage patterns and better target potential users, according to the Seattle-based startup’s website. Apple could use this to more rapidly integrate the technology with future products. The most obvious fit for Turi within Apple’s ecosystem is to improve Siri, Apple’s personal assistant. Siri has been around for nearly four years now, and hasn’t changed all that much since its launch. As such, Apple has fallen behind companies like Amazon, whose open-to-developers Alexa service has quickly made huge inroads in the world of voice recognition and commands. Apple has since followed suit and opened Siri to developers as well. Apple has been on a bit of a spending spree acquiring A.I. companies lately. As Bloomberg notes: In January, Apple acquired Emotient, a startup that uses AI to recognize and act upon facial expressions. Last year, Apple acquired a pair of voice-centric AI startups, VocalIQ and Perceptio, to bolster Siri. VocalIQ specialized in using machine learning to allow voice assistants to engage in more realistic conversation. Perceptio focused on helping AI systems run on devices while sharing limited amounts of personal user data. With sales growth of its flagship iPhone faltering, Apple is looking in several different directions to help differentiate its products and offer compelling add-on services to their hundreds of millions of users. Investors can bet that these recent acquisitions will be a big part of its offerings moving forward. AAPL shares closed the week at $107.48 per share, up $1.61 (+1.52%) in Friday trading. The stock has now gained 2.11% year-to-date, versus a 7% rise in the S&P 500 during the same period. Tags: apple NASDAQ:AAPL Categories: Nasdaq:AAPL Read Next Warren Buffett is Bullish on Apple, Should Investors Be? What to Expect from Apple’s September iPhone Event Apple is Finally Updating its Macbook Pro — Here’s What to Expect Analyst: Apple is Forcing Higher Margins by Renegotiating with Suppliers Waterproof Apple Watch 2 Could Feature GPS, Barometer, and Better Battery Recommended for You Get Free Updates Join over 50,000 investors who get the latest news from ETFDailyNews.com! Subscribe Most Popular Tesla Stock Is Trading At Critical Levels Hulbert: Stock Valuations Are Getting Dangerously High Dow Set For New All-Time Highs As Trump Honeymoon Continues Our Exclusive Tools Best ETFs List Best ETF Categories ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETF Holds Your Stock Search ETFs By Leverage Search ETFs By Asset Class Sponsored Content From Our Partners Explore More from ETFDailyNews.com Free Daily Newsletter Get daily ETF insights from our market experts. Never miss another important market development again! Sign Me Up ETFDailyNews.com respects your privacy. Best ETFs We've rated and ranked nearly 2,000 ETFs and ETNs using our proprietary SMART Grade system. View Top Rated ETFs Best Categories We've ranked dozens of ETF categories based on relative performance. Best ETF Categories ©2016 ETF Daily News About Us | Authors | Contact Us | Terms of Use
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Opinion: Is Apple dropping AirPort products just simple financial sense, or a slippery slope? Trending in Apple MacBook Pro Diary: First impressions in the metal and glass Trending in Apple Review: Koogeek Smart Plug is a simple, inexpensive, Wi-Fi HomeKit device to get started with Siri home automation Trending in Apple Comment: Given the ultra-low repairability of the new MacBook Pro, I’m getting AppleCare this time Trending in Apple Send in the Clones: If Apple doesn’t want to innovate the desktop Mac, it should let others Trending in Apple Hands-on impressions: 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar [Video] August 6 AAPL: 107.48 1.61 Back to school gift guide: The best tech & accessories for Apple-loving students Chance Miller - 4 months ago @ChanceHMiller Feature Back to School guide View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit As we head into back to school season, many students, teachers, and parents are looking to update to the latest technology in order to have the smoothest school year possible. New laptops are purchased, phones are upgraded, accessories are bought, and much more. This year, we’ve decided to give you a breakdown of some of the best technology you can buy for the upcoming school year. In this day and age, laptops are almost essential to the success of a student, especially in college. The idea of dropping over $1000 on a new laptop seems daunting, but thankfully Apple has a handful of incentives in place for students. If you head over to Apple’s Education Store, you’ll see discounts on all of Apple’s laptops and desktops. The 12-inch MacBook starts at $1249, the MacBook Air starts at $849, and the MacBook Pro starts at $999. Apple’s iMac, Mac Pro, and Mac mini are also discounted, but those aren’t necessarily the best choice for students that will be constantly on the move. Personally, my recommendation for students – and what I will be using this school year– is the 12-inch MacBook. The combination of the slim and portable design and beautiful Retina display makes it the best in my opinion for students. Of course, you’ll want to invest in at least a few adapters, but that’s the price you pay for such a portable design. In addition to the existing education discount Apple is providing, the company is also offering a free pair of Beats Solo2 Wireless Headphones with the purchase of a MacBook, MacBook Air, MacBook Pro, iMac, or Mac Pro. This offer will only run for a limited time, however, so don’t wait too long. No matter which MacBook you end up choosing, there are a variety of accessories that will pair nicely. First off, you’ll want to invest in some USB-C accessories if you choose the 12-inch MacBook. Below are some of my favorites: Griffin BreakSafe Magnetic USB-C Charger (full review) Multiport USB 2.0/3.0 Adapter AV Multiport Adapter with USB 3.0 & HDMI Anker PowerCore+ 20100 If you chose any of the other Mac choices, there are some other accessories that I would recommend, as well. (These can also be used with the 12-inch MacBook, just make sure you have the correct adapter if necessary). Despite our ever-growing reliance on the cloud, I still like to carry a flash drive with me at all times, while the TwelveSouth HiRise is the perfect option to free up some much-needed desk space. Additionally, I love to use Bluetooth keyboards when I use a stand with my MacBook. Check out all of my recommendations below: SanDisk Ultra Fit 128GB USB 3.0 Flash Drive TwelveSouth HiRise Stand Apple Magic Trackpad 2 Logitech Performance MX Master Wireless Mouse Western Digital 1TB My Passport Portable Hard Drive If you would like an external monitor to hook up to when needed, my personal favorite remains the 4K-capable Samsung U28E590D, which can be picked up on Amazon for $399 in 28-inch or $339 in 24-inch. Now that you’ve got your computer situation all squared away, there are variety of things that make life easier when it comes to your iPhone and iPad. First and foremost, I highly suggest that anyone living in a dorm or with any roommates pick up a pair of noise-cancelling headphones. After reading Seth’s review earlier this summer, I went out and bought myself a Bose’s new QuietComfort 35 wireless headphones, and I’ve never looked back. They’re pricey at $349, but the ability to have peace and quiet while doing school work is invaluable. If you’re looking for something slightly cheaper, Bose’s QuietComfort 25 headphones are available for $299, but I’d strongly suggest to drop the extra $50 and get the 35s. A variety of other affordable options are available, with reviews, on Amazon. You’ll also definitely want to pick up a pair of earbuds for walks from class to class, downtime, and maybe even during that really boring lecture. Personally, I’m a fan of the urBeats In-Ear offering, which come in at $69.99. Though if Apple is indeed removing the 3.5mm headphone jack with the iPhone 7, a wiser investment might be a solid pair of Bluetooth earbuds. The Jaybird X2 Sport are a great affordable option, especially if you plan on hitting the gym a lot to combat the deadly freshmen 15. Another thing you’ll definitely want to have is a solid Bluetooth speaker. A variety of options exist, but it really just depends on your use cases. Below are some great options at every price point: Small & affordable: UE Mini Boom $37.99 – $46.95 refurbished Midsize: JBL Charge 2+ – $99.89 Powerful: Bose SoundLink III – $299 Runner up: UE MegaBoom – $261.99 For all elements: UE Roll 2 – $99.9 One of my favorite ways to unwind is with Netflix, and at this point the best entertainment box on the market is the fourth-gen Apple TV. With support for apps and games, the Apple TV will be a hit in college dorms for everyone. You can pick one up for $149, although we frequently see deals for far less, so keep your eyes on 9to5Toys, as well. One of the best decisions I made during last school year was investing in an iPad Pro + Apple Pencil. The Apple Pencil Personally, I’m partial to the 9.7-inch iPad Pro. It starts at $579 with the student discount, while the 12.9-inch model starts at $779. For a limited time, you’ll also get a pair of Powerbeats 2 Wireless Headphones for free. If you invest in an iPad Pro, the Apple Pencil is essentially a must have. It makes things like taking notes, annotating papers, peer-reviewing essays, and so much more a lot easierEarlier this year, I rounded up the best apps for taking notes on the iPad Pro with your Apple Pencil, and GoodNotes 4 remains my top choice at the moment. The Apple Pencil runs $99. Finally, there are a handful of less exciting things that are very useful for students, especially those living in a dorm. You’ll want to keep all your electronics clean, so investing in a cleaning cloth and spray is a must. A desk lamp is also vital for late-night studying. Cable management is also vital, otherwise you’ll end up with a mess of wires and a fire hazard. View my picks for all of these problems below: Lightline 1250 LED Desk Light w/ USB Port  Tech Armor Complete Cleaning Kit Velcro Cable Ties Bluelounge CableBox Anker PowerCore 5000 Do you have any recommendations for students when it comes to tech products and accessories? Sound off down in the comments! Guides Back to School View THe Guide guide View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Home About Advertise Newsletter Contact News - Top Fears as R10bn Sassa tender expiry looms News Sassa roasted over R1,1bn in irregular spend Home In-depth News Off-beat Opinion Adii Pienaar Alan Knott-Craig Jr Aleks Gostev Alison Gillwald Alistair Fairweather Andrew Fraser Andrew Rens Andy Marken Angus Hay Anton Harber Anton Meyer Antony Seeff Arno du Toit Art Coviello Ayo Ajayi Bradley Shaw Cameron MacKenzie Candice Jones Chris Moerdyk Chris Roper Craig Lappan Craig Neill Craig Raw Craig Wilson Danie Nel Danie Pienaar Darryl Bernstein Dave Gale Dave MacDonald David Glance David Liu David Walker De Wet Bisschoff Denis Smit Dirk de Vos Dominic Cull Don MacRobert Duncan McLeod Eckart Zollner Elaine de Beer Eric Edelstein Eric MK Osiakwan Erika van der Merwe Etienne Louw Faith Muthambi Francois Beyleveld Fungai Sibanda Gaelyn Scott Gareth Knight Gavin Davis Genna Robb Gerard Soverall Gill Moodie Gisèle Wertheim Aymés Gizela Parker Graham Beneke Graham Braum Graham Friend Greg Mahlknecht Gregory Serandos Guy Zibi Helen Zille Henk Kleynhans Herman Blignaut Hillary Clinton Hilton Tarrant Howard Blake Howard Rybko Ihab Moawad Indra de Lanerolle Isaac Mophatlane Ismail Vadi Ivo Vegter Jacques Rousseau Jacqui O'Sullivan James Francis Jan Dawson Jana van Zyl Jannie van Zyl Jason Norwood-Young Jason Xenopoulos Jasson Urbach Joe Mjwara Jose Dos Santos Juanita Clark Justin McCarthy Justin Schwellnus Justin Spratt Karl Muller Kathleen Rice Keith Jones Keith Thabo Kenny Inggs Kevin Phillips Lara Pienaar Lawrence Lundy Leon G Marincowitz Lisa Thornton Lloyd Gedye Maphanga Maseko Marc Ashton Marcel Kramer Marian Shinn Marius Burger Mark Acton Mark Pretorius Mark Seftel Mark Taylor Mark Whitby Martha Bennett Matthew French Michael Jordaan Mike Mulcahy Mophethe Moletsane Muzi Makhaye Nafisa Akabor Nathan Jeffery Nathaniel Borenstein Neil Campbell Neil Watson Nic Callegari Nick Jones Owen Dean Pallo Jordan Paris Mashile Pascal Matzke Patricia de Lille Patrick Gaspard Paul Jacobson Paul Theron Peter Karaszi Peter Streicher Peter Walsh Pieter Steyn Prenesh Padayachee Pria Chetty Rachel Sikwane Regardt van der Berg Reshaad Sha Richard Firth Richard Mullins Rob Lith Roger Hislop Romeo Kumalo Russel Yeo Russell Lamberti Russell Southwood Ryk van Niekerk Sasha Naryshkine Schalk Nolte Shameel Joosub Shashi Hansjee Simon Dingle Sipho Hlongwane Sipho Maseko Siya Qoza Siyabonga Cwele Siyabonga Madyibi Songezo Zibi Steve Song Steven Ambrose Steven Cohen Styli Charalambous Sunil Gopal Suveer Ramdhani Tawana Kupe Thabiso Moerane Tim Genders Tim James Tim Parle Tim Shier Tim Walter Tim Wyatt-Gunning Timothy Kroon Toby Shapshak Tony Gunnarsson Verashni Pillay Vicky Stilwell Vincent Hoogduijn Vinolan David William Stucke Willington Ngwepe Yunus Carrim Zunaid Bulbulia People Podcasts TalkCentral ZA Tech Show Reviews Start-ups Weekend About Advertise Newsletter Contact Apple acquires AI start-up Turi Apple has acquired artificial intelligence start-up Turi for about US$200m, according to people familiar with the situation, in the latest deal by the iPhone maker to accumulate advanced computing capabilities for its products and services. By Mark Gurman and Sarah McBride. Added by Agency Staff on 6 August 2016. Saved under Top, World Tags: Amazon, Apple, Facebook, Google, Siri, Turi Tweet Turi’s technology could feed into Apple’s Siri digital assistant Apple has acquired artificial intelligence start-up Turi for about US$200m, according to people familiar with the situation, in the latest deal by the iPhone maker to accumulate advanced computing capabilities for its products and services. Turi helps developers create and manage software and services that use a form of AI called machine learning. It also has systems that let companies to build recommendation engines, detect fraud, analyse customer usage patterns and better target potential users, according to the Seattle-based start-up’s website. Apple could use this to more rapidly integrate the technology with future products. Apple’s move on Friday is part of a broader battle among Google, Facebook and Amazon to gain an edge in AI, particularly in the field known as pervasive computing, where software tries to automatically infer what people want, one of the people said. Turi’s technology could feed into Apple’s Siri digital assistant, the person added, and help define new ways computers interact with people. “Apple buys smaller technology companies from time to time, and we generally do not discuss our purpose or plans,” Apple said in a statement. GeekWire earlier reported the acquisition. Apple sees its Turi acquisition as a way to better tap into the growing community of AI researchers, said a person familiar with the deal. Apple has been criticised by researchers for being too secretive about its AI work. In contrast, Turi held a two-day machine-learning conference in July in San Francisco for data scientists and academics. Formerly known as Dato, Turi raised more than $25m from venture capital investors including New Enterprise Associates and Madrona Venture Group, according to CrunchBase. Turi couldn’t be reached for comment on the deal. The Turi team will remain in Seattle, one of the people familiar with the situation said. Apple has purchased multiple firms over the past couple of years that specialise in artificial intelligence. The company has also begun to integrate these technologies into products such as its iPhone software and Siri. In January, Apple acquired Emotient, a start-up that uses AI to recognise and act upon facial expressions. Last year, Apple acquired a pair of voice-centric AI startups, VocalIQ and Perceptio, to bolster Siri. VocalIQ specialised in using machine learning to allow voice assistants to engage in more realistic conversation. Perceptio focused on helping AI systems run on devices while sharing limited amounts of personal user data. Machine learning and AI help computers automatically understand images, videos and spoken words. The technologies also allow systems to take actions or make recommendations on such data. Apple has already begun to show the fruits of its AI investments via better keyword recognition by Siri across multiple product lines. Apple will release a new version of its photo management program for iPhones and iPads that uses AI to recognise objects in photos. For example, a user will be able to search for “sushi” and photographs of the food will appear. Apple will also bring machine-learning capabilities to its iMessage application by adding a feature this fall that translates words in texts into emoji icons.  — (c) 2016 Bloomberg LP Share this article Tweet Connect with TechCentral Follow TechCentral on Twitter Connect with TechCentral on Facebook Connect with TechCentral on Google+ Subscribe to our newsletter Articles by comments (7 days) 9Why SA Connect tender was cancelled 9Vodacom to launch VOD platform 7A radical proposal for state-owned fibre 5MTN’s Mteto Nyati takes the fight to No 1 5One day I will tell you the truth – Zuma Home About Advertise Newsletter Contact RSS ↑ TechCentral TechCentral Log in - (c) 2009 - 2015 NewsCentral Media
MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Neuroscience Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Comic Books Life & Style Viral Celebrities Features Tech Science Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg Apple's $200 Million Turi Acquisition To Challenge Google, Amazon And Facebook In Pervasive Computing 6 August 2016, 9:32 am EDT By Horia Ungureanu Tech Times Apple - Here's What You May Not KnowNow Playing Apple continues its march toward better virtual assistants with the purchase of Turi, an AI startup. The race is on against rivals such as Google, Amazon or Facebook, but Apple lately bought itself some aces to keep up its sleeve.  ( Apple ) Advertisement Apple puts the pedal to the metal to take over its rivals from Google, Amazon and Facebook in machine learning capabilities, and for that it recently purchased Turi, an AI startup from Seattle. Turi's technologies should help Apple boost its advances in pervasive computing capabilities. For those who skipped that lesson, pervasive computing allows a software (such as a virtual assistant) to make appropriate suggestions to a user on whatever topic they may ask about. For example, the suggestions that appear when a movie, music video or article ends could get better via pervasive computing. To broaden its resource pool, Apple bought AI startup Turi in a transaction rumored to be around $200 million. Turi has impressive expertise in developing and managing various software that tap into a very specific type of Artificial Intelligence, dubbed machine learning. Machine learning is also able to generate better recommendations and crunch customer data to determine or pinpoint accuracy user patterns. All these will come in handy for Apple, which is allegedly going to implement Turi's tricks into its virtual assistant, Siri. When asked about the perspectives of integrating Turi with Siri, Apple chose discretion. In a statement, the company notes that it is common for it to purchase small-scale technology companies and underlines in that discussion that the purpose and plans of the acquisitions fall outside of Apple's modus operandi. Apple scored a consistent list of recent purchases, and Business Insider points out that most of them seem to be AI oriented. Noteworthy buyouts are counting names such as VocalIQ, Perceptio, Emotient and Faceshift, with the first two sharing some of Turi's traits. VocalIQ made use of machine learning to help voice assistants respond in a highly realistic fashion to inquiries. Perceptio, on the other hand, aided the internal processes of AI by sharing bits of personal user data from the respective systems. These two should be important pillars to improve upcoming versions of Siri, insiders familiar with the matter point out. On the visual side of the spectrum, Emotient and Faceshift were startups that specialized in enhancing the capabilities of AI to recognize facial expressions. Apple's helm, Tim Cook, stated that his company's AI focus went toward building features that would "enhance the customer experience." The CEO went on to add that the company plans to deploy machine learning in a variety of products and services. TAG Apple, Startups, A.I., Machine learning, Virtual Assistant, Siri © 2016 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles Apple Spends $200M To Acquire Seattle-Based Turi, Boosts Machine Learning And Artificial Intelligence Capabilities Apple Buys UK Startup VocalIQ To Make Siri More Like Samantha In ‘Her’ From Our Sponsor Eco-friendly Packaging On Demand Technology Changes The Way Retailers Think About Shipping Packages On-demand packaging can be eco-friendly as well as save costs. Now, who would have thought of that? Packsize did, and it's changing the business of shipping packages. SPONSORED BY Packsize Advertisement Advertisement Most Popular 1 Video Games 'Pokémon Sun' And 'Moon' Guide: How To Get All The Legendaries And Ultra Beasts 2 Apple Black Friday 2016: Best Deals For MacBook Pro, MacBook Air And iMac From Best Buy, eBay, Amazon And Newegg 3 Google Google Pixel Update Brings Double-Tap And Raise-To-Wake Moves To The Mix Advertisement 4 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Black Friday 2016 Smartphone Deals: Verizon, Sprint and AT&T Samsung Galaxy S7/Edge, iPhone 7/Plus Sales And BOGOs At Walmart, Target, Best Buy And More 5 Video Games 'Pokémon Sun' And 'Moon' Guide: Where To Find Eevee, Pikachu (And Pichu) And Growlithe 6 Gadgets Best Black Friday 2016 Headphone Deals: Grab Beats, Bose, Harman Kardon, Skullcandy From Best Buy, Amazon, Target And Other Retailers 7 Earth/Environment Asteroid That Killed The Dinosaurs Formed Mountain Range Taller Than Mount Everest In Less Than 10 Minutes 8 Gadgets Best 4K TV Black Friday 2016 Deals From Walmart, Best Buy, eBay, Target And More 9 Video Games 'Pokémon Sun' And 'Moon' Guide: How To Get A Shiny Starter Pokémon 10 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech T-Mobile Free iPhone 7 With Trade-In Deal Comes Back For Black Friday, Free Samsung Galaxy S7 And LG V20 Join The Party EDITOR'S PICKS Best Upcoming Smartphones 2017: iPhone 8, iPhone 8 Plus, Galaxy S8, Galaxy Note 8, OnePlus 4 And More Nostradamus Predictions: Did The French Prophet Predict Donald Trump 2016 US Presidential Election Victory Would Lead To World War 3? NASA's 'Impossible' Propulsion Engine EmDrive Passes Peer Review Amgen Cholesterol Drug And Statin Combo Reduces Plaque Buildup In Arteries Of Heart Patients Baba Vanga Predictions: The New Nostradamus? Read Her Uncanny Prophecies On Trump, Islamic State, Obama And End Of The World Xbox One Black Friday 2016 Bundle Deal Prices Compared: Target, Best Buy, GameStop, Walmart, Costco And More Samsung Galaxy S7 To Launch In New Glossy Black Color To Compete With Shiny Jet Black iPhone 7 Marrakech Vision: World's Most Climate-Vulnerable Countries Aiming For 100 Percent Green Energy Best 4K TV Black Friday 2016 Deals From Walmart, Best Buy, eBay, Target And More Life & Style More Life & Style Meet Charlotte, A Massive Huntsman Spider In Australia Freaking Out The Internet Math Abilities Are Not Innate: New Theory May Help In Identifying, Teaching Students With Math Learning Disabilities This Cat Has The Most Terrifying Reaction To His Human Dressing As A Cat Alien Hunters Spot Strange Fossilized Beast Resembling A Grizzly Bear On Mars: Here's What UFO Hunters And Skeptics Think Is The Robot Girlfriend in Calvin Harris’ New 'My Way' Video Really Taylor Swift? [Video] This Dog’s Reaction To Her Favorite Toy Come To Life Is The Happiest Video On The Internet Right Now Lady Gaga And James Corden’s ‘Carpool Karaoke’ Ride Goes Massively Viral, But Can She Beat Justin Bieber And Adele? [Video] Starbucks Secret Menu: What’s In The Franken Frappuccino Beverage Available This Halloween TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideos About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2016 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved. Top Stories From Tech Times Delivered To Your Inbox. No Thanks!
null
null
In English На русском Հայերեն Full version August 6, 2016 - 15:58 AMT SHARE Apple buys Seattle-based AI startup Turi for $200 million Apple has snapped up a Seattle-based startup called Turi that specializes in machine learning, likely in an effort to boost its products' AI capabilities, Engadget said. Ever the secretive corporation, Cupertino hasn't released details about the acquisition besides confirming it to Recode and other publications. A spokesperson merely answered all questions with this statement: "Apple buys smaller technology companies from time to time, and we generally do not discuss our purpose or plans." According to GeekWire, though, the company bought the startup for around $200 million. It's still unclear what Apple plans to do with Turi, but a Bloomberg source said its machine-learning technology could give Siri new ways to interact with people. Since company also uses AI to recommend songs and apps, predict words you're about to type and to recognize images, among other things, it could do a lot more than improve Apple's voice assistant. The source added that the acquisition would enable Apple to connect with the growing community of AI researchers, as well. Unlike the tech titan, which is very tight-lipped when it comes to the products it's developing, Turi has a better relationship with third-party researchers. It even held a machine-learning conference for data scientists in July. SHARE PanARMENIAN.Net © 2000—2016
BUSINESS AUTOS Can Tesla go from sexy car company to clean energy empire? Tesla store Kagan McLeod / For The Times Tesla is looking to create its own ecosystem, this one centered on sustainable energy, solar panels and batteries. Tesla is looking to create its own ecosystem, this one centered on sustainable energy, solar panels and batteries. (Kagan McLeod / For The Times) Russ Mitchell If you're wondering about Elon Musk's latest vision for Tesla, think Apple. Apple succeeded in turning a bland market for electronic devices into a coveted and connected lifestyle where your phone, your tablet, your computer, your watch and your television can all be bought in one place and work seamlessly together. It’s about passion too. People continue to line up at Apple stores overnight to be the first to possess the latest iPhone. The company’s launch events resemble the gathering of a cult. At Tesla Motors, Musk tapped into that kind of branding magic when he built electric cars that drive fast and look good. The spring launch of the upcoming Model 3 evoked an Apple-like frenzy in stores and online. Now he’s looking to create his own ecosystem, this one centered on sustainable energy, solar panels and batteries. It’s a much less sexy realm than cars but at least as ambitious. In recent weeks, Musk began to rapidly expand the Tesla footprint: merging with SolarCity to bring a major solar energy company into the fold, and laying out a sweeping “master plan” to transform Tesla beyond cars, by expanding into eco-friendly trucks and buses, ride-sharing and more. The bold entrepreneur envisions Tesla stores as all-in-one destinations for green-minded shoppers, where one can buy an electric car, a charging station, a solar rooftop for the house and a futuristic-looking battery to store the excess power, all in the same place. What really matters is how do we get a lot of people to make the transition, not just a few. — Elon Musk, Tesla CEO “In order for people to go en masse to sustainability, you really need to create something that doesn't have a lot of compromises,” Musk said Friday in an interview with The Times. “Easy to order, easy to install, looks great when done.”  But unlike Apple, which sells far less expensive consumer products, Tesla is venturing into new territory at a time when it hasn’t proved that it can make money or meet production deadlines. To become the first provider of a comprehensive clean energy lifestyle, Musk needs to sell not just products, but present the combined company as a fresh creator of a new way of living, with image and branding and marketing that convince consumers of all kinds to shell out big bucks to be part of it. “We’ve got to reach people for whom the environment is not their top priority,” Musk said. “What really matters is how do we get a lot of people to make the transition, not just a few.”  Noah Hagey, 43, a lawyer and co-founder of the BraunHagey & Borden law firm in San Francisco, is already part of the tribe. Tesla's Autopilot makes for a smooth highway cruise Russ Mitchell This week, Autopilot helped me drive a Tesla Model S luxury electric sedan from the Bay Area to Reno, about 240 miles on Interstate 80. The next day, it helped me drive back. Everybody I talk to wants to know: Did I like the car? Did I like Autopilot? Is it ready for prime time? My answers: Yes,... This week, Autopilot helped me drive a Tesla Model S luxury electric sedan from the Bay Area to Reno, about 240 miles on Interstate 80. The next day, it helped me drive back. Everybody I talk to wants to know: Did I like the car? Did I like Autopilot? Is it ready for prime time? My answers: Yes,... (Russ Mitchell) First his family bought a Tesla Model S sedan, which they considered a jumping-off point for environmental good deeds. A few months later, they installed solar panels on the roof of their Oakland hills home. When Tesla’s Powerwall went on sale, Hagey put in an order. “It just seemed like the obvious thing to do, to see how off the grid you can get,” Hagey said. He didn’t buy panels from SolarCity. Instead, Hagey chose a local contractor experienced with tricky-to-work-with Spanish tile roofs. But if the Tesla showroom had had solar panels on offer, “I could have seen doing a package deal,” he said. “It’s kind of shocking how well the stuff this guy builds works.” Now Musk needs many, many more customers like Hagey for his plan to work. Right now, Tesla’s main draw is upper-income households. Most people can’t afford a Model S, which starts at $70,000, and many millennials can’t even afford a house, much less a solar roof. Hagey knows this and is counting on Musk to lower costs over time. “This thing has to be mass market,” he said. “That’s the only way it’s going to work.” But to be mass market, going green has to have mass appeal. As it is, early adopters have flocked to the save-the-world philosophy espoused by Musk, but many everyday consumers simply aren’t there yet -- and cool marketing might not be enough to convince them otherwise. “You buy Tesla because of the brand,” said Shayle Kann, a vice president at news and research firm GreenTech Media. “You’re not doing it to save money. Whereas with solar, the single thing that has been most important in getting the widespread adoption of solar … is people saving money on their electric bills.” Most people have reliable electric service, and many aren’t convinced that they’ll save enough money with solar to make installation worth it. And the subject can be enormously complicated. Fewer than 5% of U.S. homes have solar panels, although that number is growing fast. Meanwhile, the market for storing power from solar panels – which was less than $200 million in 2012 – will have grown to $19 billion by 2017, according to a report by IMS Research. Tesla store in Pasadena. Al Seib / Los Angeles Times Tesla store in Pasadena. Tesla store in Pasadena. (Al Seib / Los Angeles Times) Musk figures that Tesla stores will offer a convenient spot for consumer education. By consolidating the buying process using Tesla’s established — and rapidly growing — footprint of retail stores that are trafficked by serious buyers and people who just want to look at a hot car, he predicts that he can move solar into the mainstream. “You want one sales process, one installation event, no finger-pointing if something's not working, one service contract, one app to see how it’s doing and make adjustments,” Musk said during the interview. “It’s what you’d want as the end customer.” Tesla has opened 260 stores to date -- most in upscale markets -- and plans a total of 441 by the end of 2017, when Tesla's relatively affordable Model 3 is expected to become available. Owned by Tesla and staffed by Tesla employees, the stores serve as retail showrooms for the company's sleek and expensive Model S electric sedan and Model X electric SUV. Soon, solar panels will join the merchandise mix. Many of these showrooms are located within walking distance of Apple stores, and in fact Tesla consciously drew on those stores for inspiration, with their airy feel, dutiful employees and emphasis on fine design. The company has counted 3 million visitors so far. They demonstrate an interest in solar living just by walking through the door. They might be attracted by the vehicles, but Musk said it’s the connection between home-solar batteries and rooftop panels that’s the key to his energy ecosystem. Already, the Powerwall, Tesla’s new solar battery for the home, is on prominent Tesla showroom display. It stores excess energy during the day to charge a car, provide electricity at night or serve as backup in a blackout emergency. The price starts at $3,000. Tesla Motors CEO Elon Musk introduces the Powerwall residential battery at the automaker's design studio in Hawthorne on April 30, 2015. Jerome Adamstein / Los Angeles Times Tesla Motors CEO Elon Musk introduces the Powerwall residential battery at the automaker's design studio in Hawthorne on April 30, 2015. Tesla Motors CEO Elon Musk introduces the Powerwall residential battery at the automaker's design studio in Hawthorne on April 30, 2015. (Jerome Adamstein / Los Angeles Times) The Powerwall’s most notable aspect is its appearance. Competing batteries, just as functional, look like chunks of industrial equipment. The Powerwall is a sleek piece of sculpture, harmonizing with the lines of the Model S it hangs next to. SolarCity's rooftop panel installations aren't nearly so sexy. Musk said he wants to address that. They need to be “beautiful,” he said. "This is very important," he said at a media event last month at Tesla’s new battery factory near Reno. "This needs to be an asset to your house. It needs to be so good that when it's done you call your neighbors over to show them how proud you are. " Before he makes solar panels beautiful, Musk will have to make them look attractive in the stores and online, to fit the stores’ Tesla motif.  Three weeks ago, Tesla lured Chester Chipperfield – a handsome young man with blond locks – from Apple and named him global creative director. Although a customer will be able to buy what might be called the Full Tesla, a complete package including car, charger, solar rooftop and battery, the company will be happy to break it into sub-components for customers who don’t want it all. Those pieces, however, all will come with Tesla software to manage home and auto energy use. The more the software is integrated into a full system, the more powerful the system becomes. And, as with Apple, the less likely you are to switch to someone else’s information ecosystem. That’s called lock-in. If you like the system, great. If not, you’re kind of stuck. Longtime Silicon Valley watcher Rob Enderle, who runs Enderle Group research, said it’s likely that Tesla could expand its energy management software throughout the home, covering major appliances and smaller household objects equipped with silicon chips and connected through the so-called Internet of Things. “It moves Tesla from being a car company to being a home automation company, and a powerful one,” Enderle said, going up against companies like Google’s Nest. And it will distinguish Tesla from other automakers. “Tesla would be part of your home, not just part of your transportation system,” he said. “That brings them much closer to their customers, far more than any other car company. That’s something no one else has.” At this point, there’s more theory than substance to Musk’s vision. There’s no guarantee that people are ready to flock to solar power in the numbers necessary for success. There’s no assurance that he can bring prices down for cars and energy systems low enough to appeal to the masses. It’s unclear whether a market exists for a home energy software ecosystem powerful enough to hold customers loyal. “It doesn’t make any business sense at all,” says Jim Nelson, chief executive at Sunworks, a SolarCity competitor and a corporate customer of Tesla’s Powerwall. “The solar business and the electric car business are unrelated businesses. They are artificially connected.” A self-driving trip down the 101 Freeway in a Tesla Jason Fudenberg, president of the Los Angeles Tesla Owners Club, drives a Tesla using autopilot on the 101 Freeway near Sherman Oaks. Jason Fudenberg, president of the Los Angeles Tesla Owners Club, drives a Tesla using autopilot on the 101 Freeway near Sherman Oaks. See more videos Right now, Tesla’s stock is a short-seller favorite. Neither Tesla nor SolarCity are profitable; both depend on investor infusions and government subsidies for cash flow. The SolarCity deal seems more like a bailout by the better-capitalized Tesla than an organic business strategy, several financial analysts have opined. But Musk has proved himself capable of beating odds and delivering the goods, from his early days at PayPal, to the surprising success of his SpaceX rocket launching company, to the rabid consumer embrace of Tesla automobiles. Except for the short sellers, nobody’s counting him out. One aspirational fanboy is Michael Figueroa, 39, of Laguna Hills. One day, he plans to trade his Acura or Volkswagen for a Tesla Model X. He’s already had a SolarCity array installed on his home’s roof. A Powerwall is on the wish list too. “I want to manage my energy on my own. That’s where the future’s going,” Figueroa said. “No other company is trying to capitalize on that, and that’s what I’m looking for.” Times staff writers Samantha Masunaga and Ivan Penn in Los Angeles contributed to this report. russ.mitchell@latimes.com @russ1mitchell   MORE BUSINESS NEWS Long Beach Airport gets more routes as competition heats up Cheap fares fueled the rise of ride-hailing. But will rides stay cheap forever? Passengers should dress appropriately for a flight, most fliers agree Privacy Policy Copyright © 2016, Los Angeles Times In his first diverse pick, Trump taps South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley as U.N. ambassador 'Mystery Science Theater 3000' returns with new blood for the Turkey Day marathon How a mosquito bite led to paralysis — and turned this teacher's life upside down Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Opinion Place An Ad 63°
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   Business posted: 8/6/2016 7:15 AM Emojis: The one place where gun control seems to be winning Facebook Twitter 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close   On Monday, Apple announced that the next update to its emoji catalog would style the "gun" icon as a toy, rather than a pistol. Courtesy of #DisarmTheiPhone — New Yorkers Against Gun Violence   Caitlin Dewey Washington Post     Gun control measures have stalled in the legislature repeatedly. But there does appear to be one place where gun control is catching on: the ever-more-political world of emoji. On Monday, Apple announced that the next update to its emoji catalog would style the "gun" icon as a toy, rather than a pistol. That follows the recent, unusual decision by the Unicode Consortium, the tech industry group that approves emoji, not to include glyphs of a rifle and a man shooting a pistol in its next release. "If guns are to be controlled, then they need to be marginalized, not mainstreamed," said Gill Marshall-Andrews, the head of the U.K.'s Gun Control Network and one of many advocates cheering the disarmament of emoji. "I think it's a good move to take them away ... It's a small step, but it says something." Marshall-Andrew's group, the oldest in the U.K., is one of two major gun-control organizations to make emoji an issue of late. Last year, the group's charitable arm, Infer Trust, condemned two characters that were proposed to the Unicode Consortium ahead of the 2016 Olympic Games: one, a rifle, was meant to signify "marksmanship, sport shooting, hunting," according to its proposal; the other, which included a man shooting a rifle, depicted the "modern pentathlon." Speaking to the BBC in October 2015, a representative of Infer Trust called the characters "offensive" to victims of gun violence. (Neither was approved for use as emoji by the Unicode Consortium.) Meanwhile, in the U.S., the nonprofit New Yorkers Against Gun Violence has spent the past year waging a high-profile PR campaign against Apple's pistol emoji. The campaign, called #DisarmTheiPhone, urged Apple to nix or redesign the icon in order to draw attention to the toll of gun violence and continued legislative inaction. While Apple has declined to release any statement on its new pistol emoji design, making it unclear what prompted it, NYAGV has already taken some credit. "We welcome Apple's decision to dump the pistol emoji," the organization's executive director, Leah Gunn Barrett, said in a statement. "We believe that Apple, a socially progressive company, was influenced not only by our campaign last summer but also by the horrendous toll gun violence continues to take on American society, with over 33,000 dead and 84,000 maimed each year at a cost of $229 billion." And yet -- unsurprisingly -- not everyone is happy to see Apple involve itself in the great gun control debate. At Business Insider, the tech reporter Rob Price argued that one company's unilateral decision to change the meaning of an emoji constituted a "terrifying abuse of power" that could confuse, and even endanger, its users. Jeremy Burge, the founder of Emojipedia and an expert on emoji use, is similarly concerned that the change will prompt miscommunications between people using Apple's emoji keyboards ... and those using Samsung, Google, Facebook and Twitter's. (Notably, police have arrested several people based on nothing but their emoji use.) "Is this not endangering iOS users if they send a water gun emoji for fun in a tweet which is seen as a gun by everyone else?" Burge said. "Some emojis are strange, perhaps inappropriate, but they are there for legacy reasons." The National Rifle Association did not immediately respond to a request for comment, but we can't imagine they're particularly pleased, either. Followers of the account @NRANews erupted in a frenzy of gun emoji and promises to switch to Android after the account tweeted Apple's emoji news. Gun-rights advocates shouldn't fret too much, though: At the very moment Apple was disarming its gun emoji, one of its competitors was doing the exact opposite. Microsoft has long represented the "gun" emoji as a toy on its devices; in the Microsoft 10 Anniversary release, however, the character will become more realistic. Tweet This article filed under: Business Technology Washington Post Article Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2016 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2016 Readers' Choice News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Health Photos Video Search Search Home Technology Smartphones Apple falters in India as Android continues to grow; why iPhones don't sell Apple's iPhones sales in India have plummeted in the second quarter (Q2) of this year, while Android saw a huge growth. Raymond Ronamai   August 6, 2016 17:40 IST 12 Shares 12 Shares Apple Inc.REUTERS/Mike Segar While several smartphone companies are looking at India as a leading emerging market, Apple Inc. CEO Tim Cook seems to be more interested in China at the moment. And that is apparent from the sales of the iPhone in India, the world's second most populated country and the world's third largest smartphone market, after China and the United States. According to a data released by market research firm Strategy Analytics (via BusinessWire), Apple's iPhones sales in India have plummeted in the second quarter (Q2) of this year, while that of its rivals — Android phones — saw a huge growth. Why advertise with us? Related IPhone 7 release date, features, price, other details: Front panel leaked; launch imminent Will iPhone 7 Plus don blue colour? According to the report, total smartphone shipments in India grew 19 percent annually from 25.8 million units in Q2 2015 to 30.7 million in Q2 2016. It says that 29.8 million or 97 percent smartphones run on Google's Android. The share of Android in the Indian smartphone market was 90 percent last year. However, Apple sold only 0.8 million iPhones in the Q2 this year in India as compared to 1.2 million units sold in Q2, 2015. This means the company's share in Indian smartphone market has dropped to 2.4 percent from 4.5 percent in Q2 last year. Apple's iPhone sales usually drop in the first half of every year as it's an off season but the rate at which it falls may worry the company's think-tank. It is not just the numbers but the need for Indian consumers to be comfortable in iOS ecosystem is a vital concern as well. At the moment, Apple does not appear to be seriously considering penetration into India's smartphone market, as it hasn't done two basic things — to expand its stores and reduce the price of its products. Indian consumers are price-conscious, which is why Chinese companies that offer feature-rich smartphones at reasonable price are witnessing phenomenal growth in the country. So Apple has to consider the pricing of its iPhones if it wants a reasonable share in Indian market. The company also need to expand its stores across the country — even in small cities and towns. It is the only way to find consumers, the company may soon realise. Also read 'Pokemon Go' fans in geo-blocked regions find new way to play AR-Game [How to setup VPN connection] Quick Links Apple iPhone Post Comment IBT TV Close Russia: Police detain robot for attending political rally Why advertise with us? Latest News Moto Z series India launch live stream: How to watch the unveiling event on PCs and smartphones 1 hour ago By Rohit KVN Sony Xperia XZ available for purchase in US 1 hour ago By Raymond Ronamai Editor's Pick Afghan refugees face persecution in Pakistan due to souring Indo-Pak relations Donald Trump may have evaded tax for 18 years Why advertise with us? most popular Moto Z, iPhone 7, Galaxy Note 7 and more coming to India ahead of Diwali In October, Samsung Galaxy Note 7, Apple iPhone 7, Moto Z series, Coolpad Note 5, Sony Xperia XZ, Galaxy On8 and more are coming to stores near you ahead of Diwali. Apple iPhone 7 Plus catches fire during transit Apple's Texas office personnel have contacted the iPhone 7 Plus owner and are working with AT&T to expedite the replacement procedure. Moto Z, Z Play to debut in India on October 4 In addition to the Moto Z and the Z Play, the company is also expected to launch photography-centric Moto Mod accessory Hasselblad True Zoom on Tuesday. Flipkart Big Billion Days sale (2016): Top smartphone deals you should not miss Flipkart is also giving away gift vouchers and additional cash discounts via exchange deal on Samsung, Apple, Motorola and other phones. Samsung Galaxy On8 released in India via Flipkart As part of Flipkart's Big Billion Days sale, prospective buyers of Samsung Galaxy On8 stand a chance to get additional cash discounts. Snapdeal Unbox Diwali sale offers huge discount on Apple, Samsung, Xiaomi and other brands Snapdeal is also giving away additional 20% off for Citibank debit/credit card holders and it has also tied up with Bajaj Finance to offer zero down payment, as well Reliance Jio unlimited 4G data, free calls violates TRAI rules; probe ordered TRAI says that the concerns raised by telecom majors would be examined after looking into Jio's tariffs. Amazon Prime best offers: iPhone 6s available at Rs. 29,999, iPhone 5s at Rs. 17,999; when and how to buy Amazon Prime members can avail several other benefits such as priority delivery and early access to lightning deals. Photo Gallery India beat New Zealand by 178 runs in 2nd Test in Kolkata India beat New Zealand by 178 runs in 2nd Test in Kolkata. Amitabh Bachchan at Mirzya Special Screening at Light box Bollywood actor Amitabh Bachchan at Mirzya Film Special Screening at Light box. Home India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Health Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
Mumbai Mirror Ad Blocker Detected We have noticed that you have an ad blocker enabled which restricts ads served on the site. Please disable it to continue reading Mumbai Mirror Steps for disabling ad blocker HomeSteps for disabling ad blockerRefresh x Never miss an update from us LIKE US ON MumbaiMirror.comor FOLLOW US ONFollow @mumbaimirror WELCOME, My Times LOGOUTSIGN IN Bangalore Mirror|Ahmedabad Mirror|Pune Mirror Home Bollywood City Cricket Mumbai Cover Story Crime Civic Other Entertainment Movie Review Bollywood Hollywood TV Music Art & Theatre Books Columns City Columns Comment Pilgrim Nation Columnists Mumbai 001 Ask the Sexpert News India World Business Sport Olympics Hockey Cricket Football Tennis F1 Others Videos News Sports Entertainment Photos Big Picture Entertainment News Sports Technology Live TV Liveshots All India World Business HomeNewsIndia Apple's iPhone market share falls by 35% in India: Report TOI Tech | Aug 6, 2016, 05.11 PM IST Print this article Reduce font size Increase font size My Saved articles Whatsapp Facebook Google Plus Twitter Email Linkedin SMS Share Whatsapp Facebook Google Plus Twitter Email Linkedin SMS Apple CEO TIm Cook during his recent visit to India. Apple is betting big on India. But it seems that the company has a tough task at hand. According to a report from Strategy Analytics, the company shipped 800,000 smartphones in India in Q2 2016, this compares to 1.2 million smartphones it shipped during the same quarter last year. Says, Woody Oh, director at Strategy Analytics, added, "Apple iOS fell 35% annually and shipped 0.8 million smartphones in India in Q2 2016. Apple's smartphone marketshare has halved from 4% to just 2% in India during the past year." According to him, it's time Apple works on iPhone's pricing in the country as cheaper devices will surely help boost sales. "Apple iOS will need to reduce iPhone pricing to cheaper levels, attract more operator subsidies and enlarge its retail presence through Apple stores or online channels if it wants to regrow significantly in the future," adds Oh. This surely is not a good news for the Cupertino giant who is planning to open its company-owned stores in India. At its recent earnings call, CEO Tim Cook said, "In the first three quarters of this fiscal year, our iPhone sales in India were up 51 per cent year-on-year. We are looking forward to opening retail stores in India down the road and we see huge potential for that vibrant country," Cook told analysts during an earnings call on Tuesday. Apple's fiscal year 2016 runs from September 27, 2015 to September 24, 2016." During the call, and China during his recent visit to these countries. The company said that iPhone sales during the April-June quarter grew in double digits in key markets, including India, Japan, Turkey, Brazil, Canada and Sweden. Cook also reiterated that Apple has launched a centre to support Indian developers creating applications for its iOS operating system and has opened an office in Hyderabad to accelerate map development. Currently, India is the world's third-largest smartphone market after China and US. Smartphone shipments grew 19% annually to reach 31 million units in India during the second quarter of 2016. You Might Also Like Recommended By Colombia From around the web More from Mumbai Mirror Recommended By Colombia GALLERIES Bollywood shines on the red c... Shah Rukh Khan’s rare photos ... Where are the Bonds today? Cornered B-Town gears up for Durga Puj... Mumbai says goodbye to Lord G... Celebrities say 'Ganpati Bapp... The fashionable week that was... The best of LFW 2016 Food fetish CM KCR felicitates Sindhu's g... It's World Photography Day Most Read TODAY THIS WEEK MONTH ALL TIME Across Mumbai Mirror >> The man who gave Modi the idea of demon... The man who gave Modi the idea of demonetisation slams implementation Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes discontinued: Her... Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes discontinued: Here's how to exchange old notes Is Salman Khan dating Amy Jackson? My name is Sonam Gupta and I am not bew... My name is Sonam Gupta and I am not bewafa ‘Force 2’ and ‘Tum Bin 2’ weekend box o... ‘Force 2’ and ‘Tum Bin 2’ weekend box office collection: Demonetisation takes its toll ‘RBI governor responsible for the mess,... ‘RBI governor responsible for the mess, must quit’ My name is Sonam Gupta and I am not bew... My name is Sonam Gupta and I am not bewafa The man who gave Modi the idea of demon... The man who gave Modi the idea of demonetisation slams implementation Railway ticket cancellation and refund ... Railway ticket cancellation and refund process revised Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes discontinued: Her... Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes discontinued: Here's how to exchange old notes Coldplay Concert Mumbai Live update: Gl... Coldplay Concert Mumbai Live update: Global Citizen Festival high on music and social awareness Another reality check for Diljit My name is Sonam Gupta and I am not bew... My name is Sonam Gupta and I am not bewafa ‘Ae Dil Hai Mushkil’ vs ‘Shivaay' box o... ‘Ae Dil Hai Mushkil’ vs ‘Shivaay' box office collection: It's cut-throat competition out there Twitter, WhatsApp erupt with jokes as R... Twitter, WhatsApp erupt with jokes as Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes lose legal tender status New Whatsapp features you should know Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes discontinued: Her... Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes discontinued: Here's how to exchange old notes The man who gave Modi the idea of demon... The man who gave Modi the idea of demonetisation slams implementation My name is Sonam Gupta and I am not bew... My name is Sonam Gupta and I am not bewafa ‘Ae Dil Hai Mushkil’ vs ‘Shivaay' box o... ‘Ae Dil Hai Mushkil’ vs ‘Shivaay' box office collection: It's cut-throat competition out there Twitter, WhatsApp erupt with jokes as R... Twitter, WhatsApp erupt with jokes as Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes lose legal tender status New Whatsapp features you should know Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes discontinued: Her... Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes discontinued: Here's how to exchange old notes Hrithik, Kangana face off gets ugly From News >> TODAY THIS WEEK MONTH ALL TIME Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes discontinued: Her... Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes discontinued: Here's how to exchange old notes Demonetisation: Prime Minister Narendra... Demonetisation: Prime Minister Narendra Modi seeks public opinion Love in a Sarkari set-up: 2015 IAS topp... Love in a Sarkari set-up: 2015 IAS topper Tina Dabi to wed No 2 Athar Aamir-ul-Shafi Khan Twitter, WhatsApp erupt with jokes as R... Twitter, WhatsApp erupt with jokes as Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes lose legal tender status Bengal cops bust gang that smuggled bab... Bengal cops bust gang that smuggled babies in biscuit packages Syeda Hameed on being denied UK visa: I... Syeda Hameed on being denied UK visa: I was targeted because I am a Muslim Railway ticket cancellation and refund ... Railway ticket cancellation and refund process revised Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes discontinued: Her... Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes discontinued: Here's how to exchange old notes Twitter, WhatsApp erupt with jokes as R... Twitter, WhatsApp erupt with jokes as Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes lose legal tender status Anil Bokil: The man behind PM Modi’s de... Anil Bokil: The man behind PM Modi’s decision to discontinue Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes Chandrababu Naidu, Pawan Kalyan unite t... Chandrababu Naidu, Pawan Kalyan unite to slam Narendra Modi's demonetisation move Demonetisation: Prime Minister Narendra... Demonetisation: Prime Minister Narendra Modi seeks public opinion Twitter, WhatsApp erupt with jokes as R... Twitter, WhatsApp erupt with jokes as Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes lose legal tender status Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes discontinued: Her... Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes discontinued: Here's how to exchange old notes Railway ticket cancellation and refund ... Railway ticket cancellation and refund process revised Anil Bokil: The man behind PM Modi’s de... Anil Bokil: The man behind PM Modi’s decision to discontinue Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes Here is what the new Rs 500, Rs 2000 cu... Here is what the new Rs 500, Rs 2000 currency notes will look like India's 'biggest' drug racket busted, B... India's 'biggest' drug racket busted, Bollywood producer nabbed Twitter, WhatsApp erupt with jokes as R... Twitter, WhatsApp erupt with jokes as Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes lose legal tender status Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes discontinued: Her... Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes discontinued: Here's how to exchange old notes Railway ticket cancellation and refund ... Railway ticket cancellation and refund process revised Anil Bokil: The man behind PM Modi’s de... Anil Bokil: The man behind PM Modi’s decision to discontinue Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes Here is what the new Rs 500, Rs 2000 cu... Here is what the new Rs 500, Rs 2000 currency notes will look like 18-yr-old Bengal girl youngest Indian c... 18-yr-old Bengal girl youngest Indian chosen for NASA project Most Commented TODAY THIS WEEK MONTH ALL TIME Across Mumbai Mirror >> ‘One of the worst cases of medical negl... ‘One of the worst cases of medical negligence in India’ ‘RBI governor responsible for the mess,... ‘RBI governor responsible for the mess, must quit’ Demonetisation: Sanjay Nirupam demands ... Demonetisation: Sanjay Nirupam demands PM Narendra Modi be booked for murder Fighting corruption? Right The man who gave Modi the idea of demon... The man who gave Modi the idea of demonetisation slams implementation Renuka Shahane: Actors have every right... Renuka Shahane: Actors have every right to voice their opinion ‘One of the worst cases of medical negl... ‘One of the worst cases of medical negligence in India’ I came to sell my kidney so that my two... I came to sell my kidney so that my two children could have a future... Man, 65, raped 13-year-old maid for 6 m... Man, 65, raped 13-year-old maid for 6 months Mrs India Worldwide contestants accuse ... Mrs India Worldwide contestants accuse organisers of duping them ‘RBI governor responsible for the mess,... ‘RBI governor responsible for the mess, must quit’ The man who gave Modi the idea of demon... The man who gave Modi the idea of demonetisation slams implementation 'Ae Dil Hai Mushkil' movie review: Frie... 'Ae Dil Hai Mushkil' movie review: Friends with deficits Doc says no to deposit in Rs 500 notes,... Doc says no to deposit in Rs 500 notes, baby dies awaiting help Rs 8 lakh hospital bill gets slashed in... Rs 8 lakh hospital bill gets slashed in half after BJP worker intervenes AAP opts out of BMC polls I came to sell my kidney so that my two... I came to sell my kidney so that my two children could have a future... Mumbai temple performs 'yagna' for Trum... Mumbai temple performs 'yagna' for Trump's win Ticketless traveller tells TC: Arrest M... Ticketless traveller tells TC: Arrest Mallya first Why this man is dangerous Forced conversion? ‘‘India has a massacre on its hands’’ Dalits puncture Gujarat Model Forest department clears train through ... Forest department clears train through city’s national park From News >> TODAY THIS WEEK MONTH ALL TIME Syeda Hameed on being denied UK visa: I... Syeda Hameed on being denied UK visa: I was targeted because I am a Muslim Talk to us, says Oppn; PM says will tal... Talk to us, says Oppn; PM says will talk to people New notes found on slain terrorists Indore-Patna train derailment: Death to... Indore-Patna train derailment: Death toll rises to 115, some still trapped Denied stretcher, woman drags husband o... Denied stretcher, woman drags husband on hospital ramp Demonetisation: Modi invites KCR to Del... Demonetisation: Modi invites KCR to Delhi Moily predicts Modi undoing Demonetisation: West Bengal India Post ... Demonetisation: West Bengal India Post officials visit hospital to help patients, families with currency exchange Sachin Tendulkar pays a visit to his ad... Sachin Tendulkar pays a visit to his adopted village in Andhra Pradesh Editors, Oppn liken 1-day ban on channe... Editors, Oppn liken 1-day ban on channel to Emergency Here is what the new Rs 500, Rs 2000 cu... Here is what the new Rs 500, Rs 2000 currency notes will look like Anil Bokil: The man behind PM Modi’s de... Anil Bokil: The man behind PM Modi’s decision to discontinue Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes Owaisi demands SC probe into SIMI activ... Owaisi demands SC probe into SIMI activists' encounter Woman lets man, his teen son rape her 9... Woman lets man, his teen son rape her 9-yr-old twins Twitter, WhatsApp erupt with jokes as R... Twitter, WhatsApp erupt with jokes as Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes lose legal tender status Dalits puncture Gujarat Model AAP ministers exploit women: MLA to Kej... AAP ministers exploit women: MLA to Kejriwal 18-yr-old Bengal girl youngest Indian c... 18-yr-old Bengal girl youngest Indian chosen for NASA project Swamiji’s car kills 3, but he’s his fir... Swamiji’s car kills 3, but he’s his first priority Modi's jibe: Rahul not learning with age Delhi HC grants interim bail to Kanhaiy... Delhi HC grants interim bail to Kanhaiya, asks JNU to ‘right’ his politics POLLAfter the Kanpur tragedy, do you think Railway Minister Suresh Prabhu has failed to give us a safe Indian Railways? Yes No Can't say Pick your favorite and click vote 64 + 2 = MORE POLLS Recent Messages () Please rate before posting your Review 1 (Trash) 1.5 (Poor) 2 (Below average) 2.5 (Average) 3 (Above average) 3.5 (Good) 4 (Very good) 4.5 (Very good +) 5 (Excellent) Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on Twitter SIGN IN WITH Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Bangalore Mirror Ahmedabad Mirror Pune Mirror Times of India Economic Times E-paper M-Paper Lifehacker India Gizmodo India HappyTrips Weekend Getaways from Mumbai Cricbuzz Marathi News Miss Kyra Bombay Times Mumbai Cover Story Crime Civic Others Columns Ask The Sexpert Columns Comments Letter to the Editor Mumbai 001 Columnists Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood TV Music Art & Theatre Books News India World Business Sport Cricket Football Tennis F1 Others Others Sunday Read You Sci Tech Health Leisure Photos Entertainment News Sports Technology Videos News Sports Entertainment About Us|Advertise with us|Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy|Privacy Policy Copyright © Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights:Times Syndication Service
Email Password Remember me Forgot password?     Log in with Facebook Log in with Twitter Log In news tech & science social media business entertainment life sports     Apple given go-ahead to sell solar energy Listen | Print By Tim Sandle     Aug 6, 2016 in Technology San Fransisco - Technology giant Apple has been given the all-clear by U.S. authorities to sell excess energy generated from its solar farm. Solar power from Apple could light up your home https://t.co/0CxKyQBa2V pic.twitter.com/hYjTqjS9Kt— Fortune (@FortuneMagazine) August 5, 2016 With the new agreement, Apple will begin to sell energy generated at its $850 million solar power farm in California. Apple has been operating the solar power facility since 2015. A year ago Apple entered into a $850 million partnership with sun-farm firm First Solar. The 2,900-acre plant is located in Monterey County. The plant generates around 130 megawatts of solar energy per year. The agreement was reached between Apple and the U.S. Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. Tim Ream (@ourcarbon): "Court rules Apple can legally start selling #solar power." The excess energy (beyond what Apple needs for its own uses) will be sold onto the wholesale energy market. On paper, the amount of energy passed on would be enough to power 60,000 California homes each year. However, this might not be achieved in practice. According to Dr Niall Mac Dowell, who is a lecturer in energy and environmental technology at Imperial College London, "Just because Apple has invested in that capacity does not mean they'll get the same level of energy from it." Other commentators see a more positive outcome. GTM Research analyst Colin Smith, in an interview with Money Herald, said: "It allows them to sell electricity into the wholesale markets and also use the wholesale markets as sort of a hedge." Smith added: "If they’re buying power at 10 cents per kilowatt hour and wholesale power prices happen to move up to 15 cents, they can actually sell power directly and pocket the difference. This turns them much more into an independent power producer and really enables them to work the energy markets more freely." Prue Turner x (@PrueTurnerxx): "Apple should put solar panels on the back of the next iPhone so we can charge our phones with solar power." In related news, by varying the types of environmental gases researchers have been able to enhance the efficiency of solar cells so that they 'grow' in power on exposure to a special gas mixture. More about Solar power, Solar energy, Apple More news from Solar power Solar energy Apple Latest News Top News London chef Stephen Port found guilty of gay date-rape murders Germany amused by French candidate Fillon's Cold War map 'Russians, Americans and Turks' trying to destroy Europe: top MEP In crisis-struck Rio, police need donated toilet paper Trumps picks first woman, a critic, for his cabinet Weird blue mass detected in front of the Sun Iraq forces cut off IS-held Mosul from Syria Verdict in Harris case reached: Kid's death was not accidental 1930s nationalism all over again? 10 quotes on the subject Arrest warrants for Iraq journalists over false report Corporate Contact Us About Us Advertise Investors & Partners Help & Support Editorial Guidelines Terms of Use Privacy Policy News Links Latest News Live Events News Alerts GlobeNewswire News Global Press Releases 24-7PressRelease.com copyright © 2016 digitaljournal.com   |   powered by dell servers
Email Password Remember me Forgot password?     Log in with Facebook Log in with Twitter Log In news tech & science social media business entertainment life sports     Apple urged to redesign handgun emoji Listen | Print By Tim Sandle     Aug 6, 2016 in Technology Recently Apple changed an emoji within its character set from a handgun to a water pistol. This hasn't gone far enough according to some campaigners, who remain worried about the symbolism of the emoji. Can you imagine if everyone had these instead of real guns? We could go from Dead for being black to Wet https://t.co/e25fVcqmAd— Ugo Daté (@ugodate) August 6, 2016 Apple have been urged to rethink a gun emoji change made last month. Apple, in response to a further round of shootings in the U.S., altered an emoji of handgun to a seemingly less offensive water pistol. For some campaigners, concerned about the accessibility of firearms and violence in the U.S., the new graphic — if sent to an unsuspecting person — could still be misconstrued as a symbol of violence. In addition, campaigners are concerned that any graphic resembling any kind of firearm is insensitive and inappropriate in 2016. The main call for a further change has come from the Emojipedia website. The custodians of all things emoji argue that the sanitized symbol may still appear as a lifelike gun, especially in messages received by non-iOS users. The before and after pictures to the emoji are shown below: Apple has launched a series of more than 100 new and updated emojis. It's replaced the gun with a water pistol and put out new designs it hopes will be more inclusive. Apple Quoted by the BBC, Apple has said it wants to "ensure that popular emoji characters reflect the diversity of people everywhere". Despite the modification Jeremy Burge, editor of Emojipedia, told the BBC: "The thing is, emojis already look different on different platforms and it does cause confusion. "When we're dealing with guns and toys as a comparison, that's a whole new level of problems that we have there." The change has also bee poorly received on social media, with some thinking the change still hints of danger to others mocking the change: Ugo Daté (@ugodate): "Can you imagine if everyone had these instead of real guns? We could go from Dead for being black to Wet." AMIR® (@yoitzmir):@ "Whats the difference?" jessicaღ (@xojessmarie): "cause we can have gun control in emojis, but not real life." The Twitter feed on the subject is extensive. Perhaps oddly, in light of the Apple decision, Microsoft has announced this week that its toy gun symbol is to be redesigned as a more realistic-looking firearm. More about apple emoji, emoji, Handgun, Gun More news from apple emoji emoji Handgun Gun Latest News Top News London chef Stephen Port found guilty of gay date-rape murders Germany amused by French candidate Fillon's Cold War map 'Russians, Americans and Turks' trying to destroy Europe: top MEP In crisis-struck Rio, police need donated toilet paper Trumps picks first woman, a critic, for his cabinet Weird blue mass detected in front of the Sun Iraq forces cut off IS-held Mosul from Syria Verdict in Harris case reached: Kid's death was not accidental 1930s nationalism all over again? 10 quotes on the subject Arrest warrants for Iraq journalists over false report Corporate Contact Us About Us Advertise Investors & Partners Help & Support Editorial Guidelines Terms of Use Privacy Policy News Links Latest News Live Events News Alerts GlobeNewswire News Global Press Releases 24-7PressRelease.com copyright © 2016 digitaljournal.com   |   powered by dell servers

Thu, Nov 24, 2016 | Updated 12.11 AM IST HI, Follow Us: MY PROFILE NEWSLETTER LOGOUT SIGN INFollow Us: Gadgets Now Gadgets Now TOI Home News Tech News Jobs Social IT Services Mobiles PCs Apps Gaming Computing More Gadgets Google Translate is now even better Nextbit Robin starts receiving Android 7.0 Nougat beta update 'Over 1,377 social media URLs blocked during the last three years' These Indian startups will join Google's Launchpad Accelerator programme Fintech will help create more jobs in Asia Pacific, says UNDP Here's how US government plans to make driving safer for smartphone users Panasonic to launch new air purifier range in India Xiaomi Mi Mix Nano to launch in first week of December 2016 Samsung announces buy now, 'pay later' offer on durables Pegasystems ties up with TalentSprint to expand academic programme FOLLOW US shop FOLLOW US Gadgets Mobile Phones Tablets Laptops Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands FOLLOW US Reviews FOLLOW US compare Mobile Phones Laptops Tablets Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands FOLLOW US Slideshows FOLLOW US Videos FOLLOW US Brands Apple Samsung Google Sony HTC Karbonn LG Micromax Microsoft OnePlus Oppo Spice Xiaomi Acer HP InFocus Lenovo Dell FOLLOW US Checklist How To FOLLOW US Featured FOLLOW US infocus Specials ALL ShopGadgets Gadgets Now » News » Tech News Apple acquires artificial intelligence startup Turi Apple is upping the ante on artificial intelligence (AI).TOI Tech | Updated: Aug 6, 2016, 04.41 PM IST Apple is upping the ante on artificial intelligence (AI). The smartphone giant has reportedly acquired AI startup Turi for $200 million. According to a report in GeetWire, "The acquisition reflects a larger push by Apple into artificial intelligence and machine learning. It also promises to further increase the Cupertino, California-based company's presence in the Seattle region, where Apple has been building an engineering outpost for the past two years." In a statement Apple told GeekWire, "Apple buys smaller technology companies from time to time, and we generally do not discuss our purpose or plans." Incidentally, this is Apple's standard reply to queries regarding acquisitions made by the company. Seattle-based Turi offers machine learning tools. "Turi toolkits simplify development of machine learning models. Each incorporates automatic feature engineering, model selection, and machine learning visualizations specific to the application," says the company on its website. Apple has also acquired some other machine learning and AI-related startups in recent months like VocalIQ, Emotient and Perceptio. The company uses artificial intelligence to power its Google Now and Microsoft Cortana-rival Siri. The iPhone maker, however, is also said to be working on some other AI-based initiatives too. Over the last few months, there appears to be a race among IT giants to grab AI startups. Google, Microsoft, Twitter, Facebook and many other IT companies have increased their focus on artificial intelligence. The companies are said to be making big investments in the technology. There have been several big acquisitions in the area in 2016. Last month, Google acquired Moodstocks, a Paris-based startup that develops machine learning-based image recognition technology for smartphones. Just weeks earlier, Twitter acquired Magic Pony to advance its machine learning capabilities. RELATED From around the web From GADGETSNOW Recommended By Colombia From Around the Web From GADGETSNOW Recommended By Colombia Comments Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message GADGETS NOW SHOP Latest News Google Translate is now even better Nextbit Robin starts receiving Android 7.0 Nougat beta update 'Over 1,377 social media URLs blocked during the last three years' These Indian startups will join Google's Launchpad Accelerator programme Fintech will help create more jobs in Asia Pacific, says UNDP From around the Web More From GadgetsNow Recommended By Colombia Most Popular Apple iPad Pro, iPhone 7 available at a discount of up to Rs 28,900 Apple CEO Tim Cook's letter to employees on Donald Trump's win Flipkart CEO’s response to Amazon’s No.1 claim These are the 'feared' security features of the Rs 2000 note Rs 500 & Rs 1000 ban: 'Good news' for phone buyers WhatsApp launches video-calling feature for Android users TCS: Cyrus Mistry caused 'enormous harm' to the IT company IITs: Pre-placement salaries hit record high Apple MacBook Pro with ‘Touch Bar’ launched, prices start at Rs 1,55,900 Reliance Jio to launch phones with unlimited voice, video calling starting at Rs 1,000 Pokemon Go launches in 15 Asia-Pacific countries Scientists develop solar cells that can power smartwatches, contact lens Google's Android powers 97% smartphones in India: Report GST: Indian IT Inc speaks US laptop used to reprogram, steal over 100 cars: US police Meet Naveen Jain, the man behind the first private company to execute 'moon mission' Termination charges: Another battle between Trai and telcos in the offing? Selfies go obsolete in South Korea, here's why Iranians hunt Pokemon despite ban 1Apple acquires artificial intelligence startup Turi 2Pokemon Go launches in 15 Asia-Pacific countries 3Scientists develop solar cells that can power smartwatches, contact lens 4Google's Android powers 97% smartphones in India: Report 5GST: Indian IT Inc speaks 6US laptop used to reprogram, steal over 100 cars: US police 7Meet Naveen Jain, the man behind the first private company to execute 'moon mission' 8Termination charges: Another battle between Trai and telcos in the offing? 9Selfies go obsolete in South Korea, here's why 10Iranians hunt Pokemon despite ban GADGETS NOW About Us Privacy policy RSS Return Policy Newsletter Sitemap Feedback Authors Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Gadgets now mobile Refund Policy Popular Mobiles Google Pixel XL 32 GB Moto Z 64GB Moto Z Play 32GB Honor 8 Samsung Galaxy A9 Pro Lenovo K4 Note Lenovo K3 Note Oppo F1 Plus Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Mi 5S Lenovo Vibe K5 Lenovo Zuk Z1 Samsung Galaxy J7 Lenovo A7000 Lenovo K5 Note Samsung Galaxy J2 OnePlus 3 Samsung Galaxy On7 OnePlus X Samsung Z3 HTC Desire 820 LG G5 Sony Xperia Z5 HTC Desire 826 Oppo R7 Upcoming Mobiles Nokia P1 Samsung Galaxy C5 Pro Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Oppo F1s 64GB Umi Plus E Lyf Wind 7i OKWU Pi Vivo Xplay6 Vivo X9 64 GB Vivo X9 128GB Vivo X9 OnePlus 3T 64 GB OnePlus 3T 128GB Vivo V5 Gionee S9 Huawei Mate 9 Pro Lava A76 Plus Asus Zenfone 3 Max ZC553KL Hyve Pryme Wileyfox Swift 2 Wileyfox Swift 2 Plus Moto M Xiaomi Redmi 4A Xiaomi Redmi 4 16GB Xiaomi Redmi 4 Latest Mobiles Google Nexus 9 Coolpad Note 3 Redmi Note 3 Lenovo K4 Note Moto G4 Plus OnePlus X OnePlus 2 Lenovo Vibe S1 iPhone 6 Google Nexus 5 Mobile Phones Spice Mobiles Oppo Mobiles OnePlus Mobiles Microsoft Mobiles Micromax Mobiles LG Mobiles Karbonn Mobiles HTC Mobiles Sony Mobiles Google Mobiles Copyright © 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. | The Times of India. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service
What are you looking for? Browse Cars Menu For Sale Sign In / Join Sign In to CNET Join CNET Member Benefits My Profile Forums Sign Out By Style Coupes Sedans Crossovers SUVs Trucks Electric Cars Hybrids Sports Cars ... See all Or By Make & Model Make (e.g. Ford, etc.) Popular Makes Acura Chevrolet Dodge Ford GMC Honda Hyundai Jeep Mazda Nissan Subaru Toyota Volkswagen Premium Makes Alfa Romeo Aston Martin Audi BMW Bentley Buick Cadillac Ferrari Infiniti Jaguar Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Maserati McLaren Mercedes-Benz Porsche Rolls Royce Tesla Volvo More Makes Chrysler Fiat Freightliner Kia Lotus Maybach Mini Mitsubishi Saab Scion Smart Suzuki Model (e.g. Fusion) Year Go We cover it all, click your favorite News Car Payment Calculators AutoComplete Carfection CNET on Cars Best Sedans Best Trucks Concept Cars Diesel Cars Electric Cars Luxury Cars Sports Cars Audi Cadillac Chevrolet Ford Honda Jaguar Land Rover Mercedes-Benz Nissan Tesla Toyota Volvo Detroit Auto Show New York Auto Show Paris Auto Show Go Apple hires former QNX CEO, may suggest shift in auto strategy Insider sources told Bloomberg that Apple might be focusing more on software than an actual, physical automobile now. Andrew Burton/Getty Images Apple hires former QNX CEO, may suggest shift in auto strategy 0 Car Industry by Andrew Krok July 29, 2016 9:24 AM PDT @andrewkrok Up Next Watch Alfa Romeo complete a lap of Silverstone while 'blindfolded' AutoComplete for July 29, 2016: Volkswagen again rises to global sales dominance Mercedes pulls its maybe-misleading Drive Pilot ads, and Apple makes another mysterious secret project hire. 0:59 Close Drag The wait is killing us. What the hell is going on with Project Titan?! Come on, Apple, throw us a bone, or a seed, or whatever fits the metaphor. Photo by VCG/Getty Images Until Apple actually comes out and says, "Here's what we're doing with cars," the media will continue to make wild guesses as to what its secret project entails. The rumor mill has been at full steam lately, and it's bound to stay that way with Apple's latest hire. The tech giant acquired the services of Dan Dodge earlier this year, Bloomberg reports. Dodge is a former CEO of QNX, BlackBerry's automotive-software division. He'll be part of the team that reports to yet another recent hire, Bob Mansfield, a former Apple hardware executive. According to Bloomberg's sources, this hiring points to a shift in Apple's automotive strategy, apparently codenamed Project Titan. Those sources claim that Apple's shifting its focus from hardware (a car) to autonomous software development, which means Apple's efforts could be used in cars other than its own. Of course, we have our own ideas as to what Apple's up to. Thanks to an investment in Didi Chuxing, a Chinese Uber rival, Roadshow's editor-in-chief Tim Stevens thinks Apple could be deploying an autonomous ridesharing service. Given Apple's continued silence on the matter, there'll likely be plenty more conjecture before we figure out what's actually going on. Share your voice 0 comments Join the conversation Tags Car Industry Tech Industry Self-driving cars Related Stories How are only 90 percent of drivers using seat belts?! VW prepares to conquer North America with SUVs, electric cars The average car on the road is ready for middle school Uber gently reminds users they've waived the right to sue Close   Discuss: Apple hires former QNX CEO, may suggest... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Watch Alfa Romeo complete a lap of Silverstone while 'blindfolded' About Roadshow Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Permissions Contact Us © CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved.
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Health Photos Video Search Search Home Technology Smartphones iPhone 7 release date, features, price, other details: Front panel leaked; launch imminent Apple is expected to release the iPhone 7 with a 4.7-inch screen, and the iPhone 7 Plus with a 5.5-inch screen. Raymond Ronamai   August 6, 2016 15:31 IST 8 Shares 8 Shares Amazon Prime offers best deal on iPhonesREUTERS/David Gray Apple, like in the past, is maintaining utmost secrecy on its upcoming flagship device the iPhone 7. But that hasn't stopped people from leaking vital details, including release date, features and design. Now, a photograph showing the front panel of the purportedly smartphone has been published, giving a hint that its launch is imminent, most probably in the next few weeks. The Cupertino giant is expected to release the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus in the third quarter of the year as its predecessor the iPhone 6s will complete a year cycle in the market by this time. Leakster Evan Blass aka @evleaks has claimed that the next-generation handset will be unveiled on Sept. 12. Why advertise with us? Related Will iPhone 7 Plus don blue colour? IPhone 7, 7 Plus pre-orders, release date revealed? Popular tipster pins down exact dates Now, a report by TechTastic (via PhoneArena) has published the front panel photograph of the purported iPhone 7. It is in sync with Mac Otakara's claim that the device will come with two proximity sensors and a larger ear speaker.  Apple is expected to release the iPhone 7 with a 4.7-inch screen, and the bigger version iPhone 7 Plus is expected to sport a 5.5-inch screen with dual cameras. The devices are expected to share other features, including an A10 chip, an iOS 10 operating system, a 3GB RAM, a camera with OIS (optical image stabilisation,) and a lightning jack in place of the 3.5mm headphone jack. Interestingly, people have started speculating the price of the upcoming devices. A report by MobiPicker has claimed that the iPhone 7 will be priced at 5,258 Yuan (around $802) for the 32GB, 6,088 Yuan (around $924) for the 64GB, and 7,088 Yuan (around $1075) for the 256GB. It is a good price as the 16GB model of iPhone 6s is priced at 5,288 Yuan. The report also added that the 32GB iPhone 7 Plus will come with a price tag of 6,088 Yuan (around $924), 6,888 Yuan (around $1045) for the 128GB, and 7,888 Yuan (around $1197) for 256GB, as against 7,788 Yuan for the 128GB model of the iPhone 6s Plus. It may be mentioned that the specifications and pricing of the iPhone 7 have not been confirmed yet. Also read Apple might have some change in plans for its iPhone this year Quick Links Apple Inc. Post Comment IBT TV Close Russia: Police detain robot for attending political rally Why advertise with us? Latest News Apple patent hints at virtual home button for iPhone 8 28 minutes ago By Raymond Ronamai Flipkart Big Billion Days vs Amazon Great Indian Festival: Which sale has better offers on cameras 3 hours ago By Sami Khan Editor's Pick US suspends Syria ceasefire agreement with Russia Pope Francis calls gender identity classes in schools 'war against marriage' Why advertise with us? most popular Flipkart Big Billion Day: You might lose huge money if you don't follow these tips Simple ways to beat impulse buying. There might be other websites offering products at better prices or better deals. Reliance Jio unlimited 4G data, free calls violates TRAI rules; probe ordered TRAI says that the concerns raised by telecom majors would be examined after looking into Jio's tariffs. Flipkart Big Billion Days sale (2016): Top smartphone deals you should not miss Flipkart is also giving away gift vouchers and additional cash discounts via exchange deal on Samsung, Apple, Motorola and other phones. Moto Z, Z Play to debut in India on October 4 In addition to the Moto Z and the Z Play, the company is also expected to launch photography-centric Moto Mod accessory Hasselblad True Zoom on Tuesday. Samsung Galaxy On8 released in India via Flipkart As part of Flipkart's Big Billion Days sale, prospective buyers of Samsung Galaxy On8 stand a chance to get additional cash discounts. Amazon Prime best offers: iPhone 6s available at Rs. 29,999, iPhone 5s at Rs. 17,999; when and how to buy Amazon Prime members can avail several other benefits such as priority delivery and early access to lightning deals. List of Samsung smartphones expected in Q4 2016 Samsung will release a few devices like Galaxy A5 (2017), Galaxy A7 (2017), and Galaxy C5 Pro before the end of the year. Moto Z series India launch live stream: How to watch the Motorola event on smartphone and PCs Moto Z India launch event is scheduled to kick-off at 12 pm in New Delhi. Photo Gallery Sivakarthikeyan's Remo Memes and Trolls Check out Sivakarthikeyan's Remo Memes and Trolls. Jyothika at director Bramma' new movie sets Photos of South Indian Actress Jyothika at director Bramma Movie Shooting Spot. Home India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Health Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Menu Home Mobiles Reviews Gadgets Features Top 10 Mobiles How to Gadget Finder Menu Tip Us!FacebookTwittergplusYoutube News Mobile Tablet Laptop Computer Gear Gadgets Reviews Features How To Gadget Finder Photos Videos English हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી Home  |  Mobile  |  News  | Alleged photo of Apple iPhone 7 and 7 Plus surface online, shows off front panel Alleged photo of Apple iPhone 7 and 7 Plus surface online, shows off front panel By: Harshita Rastogi Updated: Saturday, August 6, 2016, 15:25 [IST] Apple iPhone 7 is undoubtedly one of the most anticipated smartphone of the year. And now that Samsung Galaxy Note 7 is official, the Apple iPhone 7 is the next big launch to happen soon. Apple is expected to launch its new iPhone range in September, which is the usually the month when Apple hosts iPhone launch event every year. Rumors and conjectures so far have suggested the launch of Apple iPhone 7 and Apple iPhone 7 Plus. Rumors have hinted that the new iPhones will not feature audio jack. Previous reports have also showed off what could be the next iteration of iPhone headsets. SEE ALSO: Future group & Paytm tie-up to take Big Bazaar online To back the previous rumors, a new photograph has surfaced that purportedly shows the front panel of the Apple iPhone 7. Leaked photos show the cutouts for the speaker and the proximity sensors, but these contradict with the previous leaks of the iPhone 7. However, the design of the iPhone 7, as seen in the leaked photos, goes in line with Japan's Mac Otakara's report which mentioned that iPhone 7 will have a larger ear speaker and feature two proximity sensors. Going by everything rumors have suggested so far, the Apple iPhone 7 will have significant design change. The phone will be launched without a 3.5mm earphone jack, because the space for jack will be used to place the second set of speaker grilles on the bottom of the phone. The company has reportedly also removed the antenna lines, and moved it the top edge and bottom edge of the phone. SEE ALSO: Do You Know These 10 Features of Samsung Galaxy Note 7 TouchWiz Interface It is also believed that the Apple iPhone 7 Plus will have a dual camera setup, whereas the iPhone 7's rear camera will feature a larger lens size. Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Specifications Photos Videos News Specifications Photos Videos News Apple Iphone 7 32gb 57,099 Apple Iphone 7 Plus 32gb 68,999 Gallery   |   11 Photos Apple iPhone 7 +See All Read More About apple | iphone 7 | news | smartphones | iphone 7 plus Story first published: Saturday, August 6, 2016, 14:33 [IST] Other articles published on Aug 6, 2016 Please Wait while comments are loading... WhatsApp Guide: 4 Steps to Share and Install an App Using WhatsApp Discount Alert: Avail up to Rs. 10,000 Cashback on Apple iPhone 7, 6s, 6, and others on Paytm How to Spot a Fake iPhone [9 Quick Tricks] Featured Posts RECOMMENDEDEDITOR'S PICK ASUS launches Zenbook 3 ultrabook in India 13th World Robot Olympiad in India for the first time Paytm Now Lets You Use Credit or Debit Card to Pay Shopkeeper Google Releases Android 7.1 Developer Preview 2 for Nexus Devices WhatsApp Rolls Out Video Streaming Feature Letting Users Save Data Buy Google Pixel from Flipkart and Grab a Whopping Rs. 33,000 Discount Airtel Successfully Acquired Aircel’s 4G Spectrum in 8 Circles Reliance Jio Lets You Get Change For Rs. 2,000, Shop Cashless Reliance Jio Scam: FAKE Bill Urges User to Pay Rs. 27,000 Will Reliance Jio Announce Welcome Offer 2 on December 28? Opinion Poll 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers latest mobiles And Tablets Panasonic Eluga Mark 2 HTC 10 evo Zopo Color C1 ZP331 Intex Ultra 2400 Zopo Color C ZP330 Zopo Color C3 Intex Mega 2400 Xiaomi Mi Mix Nano Micromax Canvas Tab P290 iBall Slide Brace X1 4G iBall Slide Brace X1 Mini iBall Slide Brace X1 Asus Zenpad C 7.0 Z170CG Acer Iconia One 7 B1 740 Swipe Slate 8 iBall Slide DD-1GB popular mobile And Tablet Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Redmi 3S Prime Samsung Galaxy Note 7 LeEco Le 2 Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Lenovo Vibe K5 Note Samsung Galaxy J7 (2016) Samsung Galaxy A7 (2016) BlackBerry PlayBook (32GB) Apple iPad 2 Wi-Fi 16GB Sony Xperia Tablet Z LTE Samsung P1000 Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 10.1 P5100 Samsung Google Nexus 10 P8110 (16GB) Apple iPad mini Wi-Fi + Cellular 16GB BlackBerry PlayBook (16GB) X SUBSCRIBE GIZBOT NEWSLETTER Get Latest Technology News From India And Around The World Into Your Inbox Do not Disturb Browse by Category | News | Gadget Finder | Videos | Photos | Features | How To | Mobile | Tablet | Computer | Laptop | Gear | Gadgets Social Followers 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers Sign Up Newsletter Sign up for our daily Newsletter Latest in Mobiles Intex Mega 2400Philips E105Lenovo Phab 2 PlusAsus ZenFone 3 Max ZC520TLPanasonic P71Intex Aqua Power MMicromax X940Videocon Graphite2 V45GDSamsung Galaxy On NxtLYF F1 PlusIntex Aqua Pro 4GVideocon Krypton2 V50GIInFocus F130InFocus F115Swipe Elite 2 Plus Apps | RSS Feeds | Facebook | Twitter | Google Plus | Newsletters | Media | Sitemap | Feedback | Advertise with us | Careers | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd.| Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH World Americas  • U.S. •  Europe U.K. Asia-Pacific India Australia Africa Middle East One News Page > US > Apple is acquiring Seattle machine learning startup Turi Apple is acquiring Seattle machine learning startup Turi Saturday, 6 August 2016 Apple_Acquiring_Turi.jpg According to a Recode report published on Friday, tech giant Apple is acquiring Seattle-based machine learning startup Turi.  Though the financial terms of Apple's acquisition of Turi have not been officially disclosed, it is being speculated that Apple is paying nearly $200 million for acquiring the startup. read more » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Source: Bloomberg Technology - on August 5, 2016< > Embed Why Is Apple Buying AI Startup Turi for $200 Million? 02:38 Aug. 5 -- Apple acquired Turi Inc., a startup specializing in artificial intelligence, for about $200 million, according to two people familiar with the situation, in the latest deal by the iPhone maker to accumulate advanced computing capabilities for its products and services. Bloomberg's Mark... Recent related news Autoplay-ad-killing startup Ad Lightning raises $2M and hires ex-Cheezburger CEOA new Seattle startup aims to help online publishers cut down advertisements that drive users away like those with sound or videos that play automatically. Ad... bizjournals 1 week ago - Business Apple Music will stream 808 drum machine documentary firstApple has negotiated a deal with the creators of 808 — a documentary about the seminal Roland TR-808 drum machine — for exclusive streaming rights through... The Verge 1 week ago - Technology The creator of the Mac startup chime reveals how he snuck in the iconic soundJim Reekes, a former software architect at Apple, tells the story of how he created the iconic Macintosh startup sound. Apple recently killed the startup chime... Business Insider 4 days ago - Technology Plextor EX1 SSD targets Apple MacBook Pro (2016) with USB 3.1 Gen 2 Type-C interfaceApple's all-new MacBook Pro looks to be a very well-designed machine. It features Thunderbolt 3/USB Type-C ports only -- something I think is a wise choice.... betanews 5 days ago - Technology You Might Like Other recent news in US THANKSGIVING Day Parade Balloon Inflation Marks Unofficial Start To Holiday Weekend It may rain on Macy's THANKSGIVING DAY Parade Thanksgiving TRAVEL promises to be crowded no matter how you go Trump Taps Gov. NIKKI HALEY for Ambassador to UN Barack Obama 'chokes up' giving Ellen DeGeneres 'MEDAL OF FREEDOM' PRESIDENTIAL MEDAL OF FREEDOM celebrates America's talent, diversity Detroit Police: WAYNE STATE UNIVERSITY officer shot Walmart offers whopping discounts ever on BLACK FRIDAY 2016 and Cyber Week deals DALAI LAMA: ‘I Have No Worries’ About Trump’s Election Calexit gains momentum. Could CALIFORNIA actually leave the nation? Twitter Facebook Page People Donald Trump Barack Obama Kanye West José Mourinho Ellen DeGeneres Current Topics Nikki Haley Thomas Mair Thanksgiving Day California Spotlight 📺 Live TV 📺 ONP TV Movie Reviews Totally Aesthetic Staff Stories Is Netflix's Streaming Crown About To Be Stolen? Tired Of Movie Remakes? Here's One That's Going Nowhere The Minecraft Movie Is Happening - With a Familiar Lead Tony Blair Thinks 'Jeremy Corbyn Is a Nutter' So He's Returning To Politics MOVIE REVIEW: A Street Cat Named Bob The 'Snooper's Charter' Swoops Into The UK: Will You Be Affected? 7 in 10 firms planning to increase or maintain innovation spending in light of Brexit - CBI survey The Mystery of London's KILLER FOG has just been solved Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2016 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
The Indian Express Nation World Opinion Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Home Compare News Mobile & Tabs Gadgets Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Gadgets Apple iPad Air 3 rumours, features and launch date Apple iPad Air 3 rumours, features and launch date Apple last launched an iPad Air two years ago, and recent rumours suggest that a new one might be coming this October By: Tech Desk | Updated: August 6, 2016 3:22 pm The iPad Air 3 design is also rumoured to feature 7000-series aluminium (Image for representation) It has been two years since Apple last launched an iPad Air, and recent rumours suggest that a new one might be coming this October. People who wanted to purchase an updated iPad Air were left disappointed in 2015 as Apple decided to launch a new version of the smaller iPad Mini 4 and the much larger iPad Pro (12.9-inch), which the company has since shrunk down to feature another offering with a 9.7-inch display. According to Macworld UK, we can expect an Apple iPad Air 3 to be announced this year. Several people expect to the launch of the new iPad in September, along with the iPhone 7. At the moment it still remains unknown if Apple is actually planning on releasing an iPad Air 3, but it is likely that it will announce a new line of iPad’s this fall. Rumours around the iPad Air 3 remain as rife as ever, with one particular one suggesting that the new iPad might feature a digital crown like the Apple Watch. It is also expected to be thinner than the previous generation. Other rumours include the introduction of a Smart Connector, that will allow users to connect to devices like the Apple keyboard and pen. The iPad Air 3 design is also rumoured to feature 7000-series aluminium like the iPhone 6S/6S Plus, which will make it much tougher than its predecessor. The new iPad might come in four colours that have been well known with Apple’s mobile lineup – Space Grey, Rose Gold, Gold and Silver. Apple iPad Air 3 is also rumoured to pick up a few things in the hardware department from the iPad Pro, including the A9X chip and rear-facing LED flash. It now remains to be seen if Apple really has done away with the Air series for good, or will the iPad Air 3 rumours come to fruition. Genelia Deshmukh On Being A Mother And Bollywood Career Bigg Boss 10 November 22 Review: Bani Lashes Out At Swami Om, Manoj Punjabi Demonetisation: Supreme Court Refuses To Stay Proceedings Why Is Jammu Kashmir’s Machil Sector Seen As A Safe Passage For Infiltrators Amartya Sen No Longer Part Of Nalanda University Board Government Plans To Bring GST Bills As Money Bills: Here’s Why Demonetisation: Relief For Common Man: Find Out More Salman Khan And Family Celebrate Helen’s Birthday At Galaxy Apartments Demonetisation: Finance Minister Arun Jaitley Defends Government’s Move Aamir Khan’s Dangal Pales In Comparison To Surroundings Of Mahavir Singh Phogat’s Village J&K: 3 Soldiers Killed, Body Of One Mutilated In Machhal Sector PM Narendra Modi Asks People To Rate Demonetisation Ex-Gujarat Energy Minister Has Financial Interest In 8 Onshore Oil Blocks: Find Out More US President-Elect Donald Trump Lays Out Agenda For First 100 Days Modi Keynote Prank App Spurns Several Clones © The Indian Express Online Media Pvt Ltd Express TechIE Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Gionee S6 Xiaomi Mi 5 Best of Express 26/11 Stories of Strength presented by The Indian Express, Facebook & Instagram IndiaPakistan says three of its soldiers killed in cross border firing; 'response to ceasefire violations,' says Army BusinessHuge surge in Jan Dhan account deposits, Rs 21,000 crore mobilised IndiaNavjot Kaur Sidhu, Pargat Singh will join Congress on Nov 28: Amarinder Singh IndiaDemonetisation logjam: Govt reaches out to Opposition, PM likely to attend RS tomorrow BusinessFormer Tata Steel honcho rebuts Cyrus Mistry charges on Corus buy EntertainmentAlia Bhatt is like Jennifer Lawrence: a star who’s also terrific actor EntertainmentBefikre's song Khulke-Dhulke: Ranveer Singh, Vaani Kapoor and a Bollywood Punjabi wedding, watch video EntertainmentBaahubali 2 leaked scene may have done more good than harm EntertainmentSalman Khan meets his onscreen son Ali Haji after nine years. These pics will make you feel so old Must Read SportsParthiv Patel replaces Saha for Mohali Test SportsFaf denies cheating, says being made 'scapegoat' SportsIndia women forfeit Pakistan matches TechnologyAsus Zenbook 3 UX390 Review: Sleek and powerful, but the price tag is high TechnologyFacebook claims its helping move business with real results TechnologyOnePlus 3 vs iPhone 6: Which is the better mid-range flagship? LifestyleWATCH: Priyanka Chopra's hairstylist reveals her style secrets (or at least tries to!) Nov 23: Latest News Dressing it Up Sonia Gandhi pays rich tributes to Balamuralikrishna What Marrakesh achieved ‘You cannot put him in one frame’ Pune: Social groups for women meet DC Saurabh Rao over demonetisation                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2016 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
The Indian Express Nation World Opinion Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Home Compare News Mobile & Tabs Gadgets Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Google’s Android captured 97% Indian smartphone market share in Q2 2016: Report Google’s Android captured 97% Indian smartphone market share in Q2 2016: Report Google's Android OS captured 97 per cent share of the India's smartphone market in Q2 2016, while Apple iOS fell 35 per cent annually. By: Tech Desk | Published:August 6, 2016 2:49 pm Google’s Android OS captured 97 per cent share of the India’s smartphone market in Q2 2016, while Apple iOS fell 35 per cent annually. Google’s Android OS captured 97 per cent share of the India’s smartphone market in Q2 2016, reveals a report by Strategy Analytics. “Android maintained first position across India with a record 97 percent OS share for the quarter, up from 90 per cent a year ago. Android dominates the India smartphone market and looks unbeatable right now, due to its deep portfolio of hardware partners, extensive distribution channels, and a wide range of low-cost apps like Gmail,” said Neil Mawston, Executive Director at Strategy Analytic. Android shipped 29.8 million smartphones in India in Q2 2016 as compared to 23.2 million in Q2 2015. According to Rajeev Nair, who is Senior Analyst at Strategy Analytic, the total smartphones shipment grew 19 per cent annually from 25.8 units in Q2 2015 to 30.7 million in Q2 2016. “India is currently the world’s third largest smartphone market, after China and the US. India is growing quickly due to low smartphone penetration rates, an expanding middle class with more disposable income, and intense competition among major vendors, retailers and operators,” he said. The report highlights Apple iOS shipped only 0.8 million smartphones in India in Q2 2016. Apples’ marketshare in India has halved from 4 per cent last year to 2 per cent in Q2 2016. “Apple iOS fell 35 percent annually. Apple iOS will need to reduce iPhone pricing to cheaper levels, attract more operator subsidies and enlarge its retail presence through Apple stores or online channels if it wants to regrow significantly in the future,” says Woody Oh, Director at Strategy Analytics. Apple iOS fell 35 percent annually. Apple, however, had a different story to tell at its third quarter earning call last month. According to Apple’s report, the company saw 51 per cent growth in iPhone sales in India. Clearly, with Android OS capturing 97 per cent market share in India; the Cupertino giant will need more than just pacing up to get closer to these numbers. Genelia Deshmukh On Being A Mother And Bollywood Career Bigg Boss 10 November 22 Review: Bani Lashes Out At Swami Om, Manoj Punjabi Demonetisation: Supreme Court Refuses To Stay Proceedings Why Is Jammu Kashmir’s Machil Sector Seen As A Safe Passage For Infiltrators Amartya Sen No Longer Part Of Nalanda University Board Government Plans To Bring GST Bills As Money Bills: Here’s Why Demonetisation: Relief For Common Man: Find Out More Salman Khan And Family Celebrate Helen’s Birthday At Galaxy Apartments Demonetisation: Finance Minister Arun Jaitley Defends Government’s Move Aamir Khan’s Dangal Pales In Comparison To Surroundings Of Mahavir Singh Phogat’s Village J&K: 3 Soldiers Killed, Body Of One Mutilated In Machhal Sector PM Narendra Modi Asks People To Rate Demonetisation Ex-Gujarat Energy Minister Has Financial Interest In 8 Onshore Oil Blocks: Find Out More US President-Elect Donald Trump Lays Out Agenda For First 100 Days Modi Keynote Prank App Spurns Several Clones © The Indian Express Online Media Pvt Ltd Express TechIE Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Gionee S6 Xiaomi Mi 5 Best of Express 26/11 Stories of Strength presented by The Indian Express, Facebook & Instagram IndiaPakistan says three of its soldiers killed in cross border firing; 'response to ceasefire violations,' says Army BusinessHuge surge in Jan Dhan account deposits, Rs 21,000 crore mobilised IndiaNavjot Kaur Sidhu, Pargat Singh will join Congress on Nov 28: Amarinder Singh IndiaDemonetisation logjam: Govt reaches out to Opposition, PM likely to attend RS tomorrow BusinessFormer Tata Steel honcho rebuts Cyrus Mistry charges on Corus buy EntertainmentAlia Bhatt is like Jennifer Lawrence: a star who’s also terrific actor EntertainmentBefikre's song Khulke-Dhulke: Ranveer Singh, Vaani Kapoor and a Bollywood Punjabi wedding, watch video EntertainmentBaahubali 2 leaked scene may have done more good than harm EntertainmentSalman Khan meets his onscreen son Ali Haji after nine years. These pics will make you feel so old Must Read SportsParthiv Patel replaces Saha for Mohali Test SportsFaf denies cheating, says being made 'scapegoat' SportsIndia women forfeit Pakistan matches TechnologyAsus Zenbook 3 UX390 Review: Sleek and powerful, but the price tag is high TechnologyFacebook claims its helping move business with real results TechnologyOnePlus 3 vs iPhone 6: Which is the better mid-range flagship? LifestyleWATCH: Priyanka Chopra's hairstylist reveals her style secrets (or at least tries to!) Nov 23: Latest News Dressing it Up Sonia Gandhi pays rich tributes to Balamuralikrishna What Marrakesh achieved ‘You cannot put him in one frame’ Pune: Social groups for women meet DC Saurabh Rao over demonetisation                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2016 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Sports Business Life & Events Obituaries Elections 2016 Archives Insider USA TODAY Media More Home News Sports Business Life & Events Obituaries Elections 2016 Archives Insider USA TODAY Media social Follow Search firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 55 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Exclusive: Big expenses, little oversight at META How poor oversight and questionable spending almost bankrupted Ohio’s largest educational IT provider Post to Facebook Exclusive: Big expenses, little oversight at META How poor oversight and questionable spending almost bankrupted Ohio’s largest educational IT provider  Check out this story on mansfieldnewsjournal.com: http://ohne.ws/2b1J9em {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 2 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Exclusive: Big expenses, little oversight at META Tracking META Solutions META Solutions has had a tumultuous first 18 months 2015 2016 2017 META Solutions forms File photo from The Marion Star Feb. 24, 2015 The TRECA board approves merging with MEC to create META Solutions. Fee decreased June 9, 2015 META board lowers the core services fee to $9.75 per student, down from $20 at MEC and $10.75 at TRECA. META grows File photo from Chillicothe Gazette Dec. 16, 2015 META board approves merging with SCOCA in Piketon; MDECA in Dayton, and SEOVC in Athens. Feb. 23, 2016 Photo submitted Merger unravels META board halts merger with SCOCA due to undisclosed liabilities and fires SCOCA director Shawn Clemmons who META had hired in December. Board resignations Photos submitted March 22, 2016 Four META board members - Gary Barber (Marion City Schools superintendent), Rusty Bookman (Meigs Local Schools superintendent), John Marschhausen (Hilliard City Schools superintendent), and Rick Smith (Ohio Hi-Point Career and Technology Center superintendent) - resign. The board moves to have the chief financial officer report directly to them. No confidence, SCOCA audit Photos submitted April 26, 2016 META board declares it has no confidence in the administrative team, CEO Mike Carder, COO Jamie Grube, and CFO Adam Collier, who stepped into the position in January while CFO Scott Armstrong took a step back into the deputy chief fiscal officer position. Board requests first-ever five-year financial forecast for META. Ohio Auditor's Office begins special audit at SCOCA sometime in April. Cuts made May 24, 2016 META board approves $3.1 million in staff cuts and approves a $2 per pupil infrastructure fee. More resignations Photos submitted June 28, 2016 Four top leaders leave: CEO Mike Carder retires CFO Adam Collier resigns former CFO now deputy chief CFO Scott Armstrong resigns META board President Bob Britton, superintendent of Ridgedale Local Schools, resigns New CEO Photos submitted July 19, 2016 Wade Lucas is approved as interim CEO for $550 a day META board member Chuck Speelman, Tri-Rivers Career and Technology Center superintendent, resigns Jona Ison/Gannett Ohio Jona Ison , USA Today Network-Ohio 1:57 p.m. EDT August 18, 2016 Jim Sotlar, META board member, Canal Winchester superintendent (Photo: Courtesy of ThisWeek Community News) 55 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE A public agency tasked with saving school districts money nearly ran itself into the ground as executives earned generous benefits, employees were flown across the country and fees were trimmed to attract new customers. A USA Today Network – Ohio investigation found all of this seemingly happened without its board noticing until it was “within months” of running out of money, but the former CEO contends that’s not the case. Marion-based META Solutions is a taxpayer-financed entity that provides internet and technology services for schools, and runs a digital academy. It provides services for about 200 school districts across Ohio. At least 13 public agencies in Richland County have worked with META’s purchasing co-op, including Mansfield City Schools and the Mansfield-Richland County Library, according to an online list. Some may also contract for other services. While META was touted as a boon to districts, the rise of financial problems has coincided with the departure of most of its top executives and much of its board. The investigation reviewed numerous public records to determine how the situation became so dire. Was it moving too fast to lower fees for new customers? Or were leadership’s use of taxpayer money – meals at a five-star restaurant, hundreds of Apple Watches for staff, and cars for personal use – responsible? It’s a combination of things, according to Jim Sotlar, who was promoted to president of META’s board in June. “You trust the people who are running an organization are telling you the right information ... You live and learn,” Sotlar said. Sudden cuts META Solutions’ first-ever five-year financial forecast seemed rosy at first glance — revenues more than doubling to $49.5 million by 2019 and its fund balance maintaining about $2 million every year. But only if its board of public school superintendents acted quickly to slash $3.1 million in expenses. Although dozens of staff were cut, META’s interim CEO Wade Lucas, a former superintendent at Coshocton City Schools and Olentangy Local Schools, said it will be the end of August before he and interim CFO David Varda know if more cuts are needed. They’ll also be evaluating a future fee increase for core services. “We will run this organization as efficiently as we can, and whatever has to be done, we’re going to have to get it done,” Lucas said. The board requested the financial forecast in April — more than a year after META was formed through a merger signed in February 2015. The board began to increase its oversight, specifically with CEO Mike Carder and CFO Adam Collier, in February when issues at would-be partner South Central Ohio Computer Association in Piketon were discovered, said board President Jim Sotlar, who served as vice president from day one until his June promotion to president. The month before, Collier had taken over the position from Scott Armstrong who stepped back into the role of deputy chief fiscal officer. The board learned of nearly $1 million in unpaid bills at SCOCA and email records indicate concerns about how federal subsidies were handled. The Ohio auditor is investigating, and Lucas confirmed there also is a federal investigation at SCOCA. MANSFIELD NEWS JOURNAL Feds probe SCOCA not paying Ohio schools tech cash “Anytime you have something like that ... you want to make sure you’re doing everything right,” Sotlar, superintendent at Canal Winchester schools, said, noting he can’t divulge details about the concerns at SCOCA. As the board began asking questions about operations of META — which grew from about 50 districts to 200 within a year — Sotlar said there were “red flags” and “discrepancies” related to personnel, revenues, and expenses. “Not having a good business plan along with a staffing plan ... that is what led to today,” Sotlar said, adding they’re trying to make sure it doesn’t happen again. “We did ask the right questions (of the administrative team). We didn’t always get the right answers.” There also are overdue bills — the overall number and amount of which are unclear because Lucas and Varda started less than a month ago, Lucas said. A July bill from K12 Enterprise, which sold human resources management software to META districts, shows a balance of more than $60,000 with most of it past 60 days due. Lucas said they are in the process of challenging some of the charges, but overall are getting a better grasp of what is owed and developing a plan to get them paid. In April, the board approved a no confidence vote in Carder, Collier, and Chief Operating Officer Jamie Grube. Armstrong's title wasn't among those noted in meeting minutes. Carder contends the issues derived from a difference in philosophy from the merged boards as well as among the two men chosen to succeed him and Armstrong. However, Sotlar admitted board members have learned there are things they could do better. For example, read contracts. Every. Single. Word. Perks of the job When META officially formed in March 2015, the boards of its two parts — Tri-Rivers Education Computer Association and Digital Academy and Metropolitan Education Council — blended into one. Sotlar came from MEC while Bob Britton, superintendent of Ridgedale Local Schools in Marion County, came from TRECA. Britton was president until he resigned in June along with Carder and Armstrong. The merger was touted as a way for school districts to save thousands of dollars on information technology services. Ohio law created regional information technology centers to lower the cost of services like internet and technicians, by sharing the cost among districts. They are owned by their public schools and overseen by a board of school superintendents. The merger aimed to boost those savings even more. Carder and Armstrong both came from TRECA, where they had previously retired and had been rehired, and their contracts carried over to META for approval. Details on their severance/retirement payouts — both under TRECA and from this year — have been requested but not yet received. According to Sotlar, at least the bulk of the board didn’t notice the perks included for the two men in those contracts. Carder contends the board was aware of the details and that there was discussion to mirror them when directors from the merger partners came on staff. Carder, who was paid $182,653.87 in 2015, was provided a 7 percent annuity along with a car — fueled, maintained and insured by META — and fully-paid health insurance, legally required retirement, Medicare, and a $250,000 life insurance policy. Carder paid taxes annually on the car. He’d had a car in his contract since at least 2004, a decision made, Carder said, because it was cheaper than the mileage he racked up driving to meetings across the state. Carder was assigned a 2014 Grand Cherokee, one of four similar vehicles provided for work and personal use to specific administrators. In January META paid $128,478.50 to a Marion car dealership. Armstrong received similar perks, with the exception of the car, and his annuity was 3 percent. His base salary in 2015 was $127,500, but he earned $138,212.99, thanks in part to profit-sharing incentives and a $3,000 bonus for an audit. Armstrong’s contracted incentives included sharing in the monthly investment income and the year-end cash balance. The incentives were a way to encourage him to “build account balances up” and build interest, Carder said. The thought was the more revenue they could get outside of district service fees would mean those fees wouldn’t increase. “Instead of just being a school district treasurer, this is a business ... We wanted a more business feel,” Carder said. Carder and Armstrong were two of 11 executives who earned more than $100,000 with META in 2015. Barbara Shaner, interim executive director of the Ohio Association of School Business Officials, said anecdotally, bonuses and annuities for school treasurers aren’t the norm. On average, OASBO’s 604 treasurer members make a base salary of $91,239. Sotlar and Lucas both said these types of contracts — vehicles for personal use and profit sharing — would “absolutely not” continue in future administrative contracts. However, the three administrators with vehicles will get to keep them since it’s in their contracts.  (Photo: Submitted) Hot eats, cool treats Perks for administrators weren’t the only questionable expenses. Last year staff received Apple Watches at an annual health convocation as an incentive to be healthier and drive insurance rates down, said marketing director Josh Ebert. META bought at least 226 Apple Watches, the cheapest of which retail at $299 in the online Apple store. According to Carder, the watches served multiple purposes: they were used to show staff appreciation after TRECA and MEC merged; were cheaper than a 2 percent raise also discussed; and were tied into the health program. “It was very well-received by staff and it saved us money,” Carder said. META also often was paying for food. Credit card purchases from January 2015 through May 2016 show at least 229 food purchases totaling $17,655, with 21 percent of charges coming in over $100. Panera Bread was a favorite, taking in at least $3,644.52 from META. However, the biggest one-time purchase of $983.71, went to the Signature Room, an upscale Chicago restaurant with dress codes. Ebert reported the cost covered at least 12 people who were attending an annual leadership conference from Ohio school districts. Records show at least $57,750 also was put on credit cards, which were paid in full each month, for travel, lodging, and conferences. There were trips to at least 11 different states that Sotlar said he is “hoping were for professional development,” but doesn’t know. According to Carder, some travel was for professional development, but a lot of it - even some international trips - were related to contracts with other businesses to build revenue. They had employees who would do professional development for Cisco and Apple, which brought in revenue and boosted employee expertise for schools, Carder said. Despite pending financial concerns, January bank records show a check going to QOMO HiteVision for $477,648.53 to purchase interactive white boards in bulk. The agreement with QOMO, according to Lucas, was to buy the technology in bulk at a reduced rate and then sell them to the schools. The thought, Lucas said, was it could be a different source of revenue that would save member districts money by driving down the cost of core services toward zero for districts. In May — amidst the $3.1 million in staff cuts — the board approved a $3 million credit line with Fahey Bank for the QOMO plan. Lucas said that credit line hasn’t been tapped and claims it won’t be because they aren’t moving forward with the QOMO agreement at this time. META was able to attract or retain schools partly because it offered the lowest per-pupil rate, $9.75 approved in June 2015, for core services. “I think you’ll see in the future that $9.75 (per student core service fee) is probably going to go back the other way instead of going toward zero. I think it has to,” Lucas said. Lucas acknowledged a $2 per pupil infrastructure fee approved in April raised concerns among some districts, and confirmed a $3 per pupil fee was approved in July for 50-to-60 districts using Progress Book, a web-based grade book. He and Sotlar both pledged to give districts better notice of increases in the future. “Even if we raise the cost a few more dollars, it’s still going to be less than before META,” Sotlar said, noting that MEC’s charge before the merger was $20 and some other centers charge even more. Lucas questioned if the decrease to $9.75 wasn’t too aggressive as prior META administrators worked to cinch outside business revenue, but he said he expects fees will remain a savings for districts compared to other centers. Carder boasts the rate was a result of a business model began at TRECA that had been working until the past year. In summer of 2015, he and Armstrong began mentoring a succession team to take over. Some outside business was lost and as the new year started, concerns were raised about district fees not being enough to cover costs. The mentors and mentees “didn’t see eye-to-eye” on how to do business, Carder said. “Things kind of got out of hand,” he said. Instead of looking for more outside business, Carder contends the focus turned toward districts. In hindsight, Carder admits attempting to shift the top two administrators in the midst of massive growth “probably wasn’t good.” Upheaval provokes change Buy Photo  (Photo: Gannett Ohio file) Spending is one thing both Lucas and Sotlar admit contributed to the need to cut $3.1 million — a need that was conveyed in a note typed on the May forecast. “If we do not make those reductions, according to my data and what I have presented to the Board then META will be out of money within months ... The reductions will be deep and hurt everyone.” Another factor was the merger itself, which led to a projected $2.5 million decrease in revenue from the two successfully merged parts due to reducing the core service fee. The merger also increased META employees by 100 and they agreed to keep them at least one year, despite unnecessary duplications in some positions, Carder said. The merger process, and subsequent SCOCA issue, also has led to increased attorney fees. Check records show by May, META had already exceeded the $133,203 it paid to law firm Bricker and Eckler for all of 2015. “We probably would never do this (merging) again until they were really looked at under a lens ... We just went into them too fast,” Carder said. Initially, the December merger wasn’t supposed to happen until this summer, about a year after initial discussions, but the timeline was moved up to align with deadlines for federal subsidies, Carder said. There were 36 jobs eliminated with at least half of the cost savings, which included benefits, connected to 13 administrative and management positions. Lucas, who was approved for his current role in July, had been hired in November as an account manager and was among those cuts, saving $151,250. Even with the administrative cuts, META retained six of the 11 positions that paid more than $100,000 in 2015. Sotlar and Lucas were emphatic that things will continue to change at META. Another at least dozen positions have been absorbed through attrition since May, Lucas said, and they are continuing to evaluate every position when someone quits. More change is expected to come, especially with nearly half of META’s leadership changing — since February, six of 15 board members have resigned and seven of 13 administrators are gone. Sotlar chalks up the resignations of board members this year as “professional decisions” to focus more on their school districts. At least one board member, Hilliard City Schools Superintendent John Marschhausen, who resigned in March, confirmed that he foresaw a greater commitment needed for META in light of the mergers and had a levy to focus on in his district. Moving forward, the board plans to replace those openings to help institute a system of checks and balances to ensure not just one person has all the control anymore and that META operates “morally, ethically right,” Sotlar said. jison@Gannett.com Twitter: @JonaIson 2015 top 10 META Solutions earners Name Job title Compensation Job status Mike Carder CEO 182,653.87 Retired Scott Armstrong CFO 138,212.99 Resigned Bret Longberry Sr. VP Core Services 132,634.30 Laid off* James Grube COO 130,504.55 Employed Tim Snyder Sr. VP technology 114,377.96 Employed Tim Hilborn Sr. VP education 113,275.81 Resigned* Larry Zimmerman Chief Officer Business Development & Personnel 107,787.33 Resigned* Michael Struck VP of information technology 107,046.72 Laid off* Bob Alexander Sr. VP operations 105,665.46 Laid off* Adam Clark Sr. VP instructional services 102,330.69 Employed *Job duties were assigned to others and the position was cut. 55 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://ohne.ws/2b1J9em TOP VIDEOS Extra 'edge' to The Game 0:44 Buckeyes must win up front 0:30 Playoffs aren't on Barrett's mind 0:39 Talking Michigan 0:20 Wanted this 'so bad' 0:20 Holiday Parade downtown Mansfield, Ohio 1:12 'Script' Ohio 0:45 OSU cornerback Marshon Lattimore 0:27 Saturday is "payday" for Buckeyes 0:33 OSU offensive coordinator Ed Warinner 0:33 What changed for OSU? 0:20 Lexington at Clyde football 3:11 Lexington wins 0:14 Sleep-Out for the Homeless fundraiser 1:24 Big catch for Buckeyes 0:31 Every week's a dogfight 0:21 Is Samuel being used right? 0:20 Defending his offense 1:10 Halloween parade 0:42 Road to Wrestling: The Tryout 3:35 MANCI Cattle Auction 2:52 Road to Wrestling: Day 40 0:47 Mansfield police mentoring kids at Friendly House 2:25 Make A Difference Day Food Drive 2:49 Butler Apple Festival 2:12 Lillith recovering from being shot 1:52 OSU's Raekwon McMillan 0:38 OSU's Parris Campbell 0:19 Ohio State DB Marshon Lattimore 0:17 Big Guns 20: William vs. Odom 0:53 Big Guns 20: White vs. Johnson 0:30 Big Guns 20: Cody Stevens vs. John De Jesus Highlights 2:59 Road to Wrestling: Day 27 3:25 So much depth at OSU 0:19 Buckeyes act like underdogs 0:23 OSU: competition at WR 0:31 Final Horn Week 6 6:49 Lt. Col. Albert Allen Jr. honored 2:40 Is OSU the Buckeyes' toughest foe? 0:29 OSU receiver Terry McLaurin 0:14 Buckeyes OC Ed Warinner 0:39 OSU quarterbacks coach Tim Beck 0:36 TYQUAN LEWIS, CHRIS WORLEY 0:30 OSU RUNNING BACKS COACH TONY ALFORD 0:48 Road to Wrestling: Day 16 7:22 OSU defensive end Tyquan Lewis 0:37 OSU linebacker Chris Worley 0:36 J.T. Barrett 0:30 Final Horn Week 5 3:17 Grate arraignment 3:33 Ashland County Fair opens 0:47 Final Horn Week 4 4:21 The key to beating the Sooners 0:26 Ready to go in Norman? 0:52 Multi-vehicle crash downtown 1:23 OSU defensive end Sam Hubbard 0:33 OSU linebacker Raekwon McMillan 0:22 OSU coach Greg Schiano 0:29 Growing pains for OSU O-line 0:32 Ashland 911 tape excerpts 1:07 Human remains found in Richland and Ashland counties 0:47 OSU coordinator Greg Schiano 0:29 OSU quarterback J.T Barrett 0:25 OSU center Pat Elflein 0:32 OSU cornerback Marshon Lattimore 0:41 Road to Wrestling: Day 1 1:02 Hi-Point Fire Arms 1:22 Mickey Gall addresses the media after defeating CM Punk at UFC 203 3:03 Stipe Miocic UFC 203 post-fight press conference at UFC 203 3:06 CM Punk post-fight interview at UFC 203 2:57 Final Horn Week 3: Shelby 41 Clear Fork 18 3:23 OSU linebacker Jerome Baker 0:15 No touchdowns allowed 0:34 Good hands people 0:30 OSU secondary coach Kerry Coombs 0:27 OSU linebacker Jerome Baker 0:07 UFC Heavyweight Champion Stipe Miocic meets Alistair Overeem at the UFC 203 press conference 0:10 Fabricio Werdum and Travis Browne exchange words at the UFC 203 press conference. 0:20 CM Punk and Mickey Gall face off 0:19 OSU tailback Mike Weber 0:13 OSU guard Billy Price 0:29 Quick Hits: Brandon Myers scores on 6-yard pass against Canton McKinley 0:13 Final Horn Week 2: Mckinley 54 Mansfield Senior 37 3:39 Final Horn: Week 2 (McKinley 54 Mansfield Senior 37) 3:56 AU quarterback Travis Tarnowski 0:28 AU head coach Lee Owens 0:49 AU tight end Adam Shaheen 0:15 AU defensive end Austin Utter 0:17 AU tailback Vance Settlemire 0:20 OSU offensive coordinator Ed Warinner 0:43 OSU center Pat Elflein 0:31 OSU guard Billy Price 0:31 OSUM NCSC Involvement and Community Fair 1:44 Paramedic discusses overdoses 2:10 Richland County Law Enforcement Appreciation Night 1:11 Mid-Ohio Bikers 0:48 Drive Sober or Get Pulled Over 0:57 Noah Brown at OSU Media Day 0:24 J.T. Barrett at OSU Media Day 1:41 Mike Weber at OSU Media Day 0:19 More Stories Obhof to lead Ohio Senate Nov. 15, 2016, 4:34 p.m. Free Thanksgiving Day meals in Galion Nov. 15, 2016, 2:27 p.m. November political cartoons from the USA TODAY Network Nov. 23, 2016, 10:59 a.m. Police Calls | Woman with knife searches for 'Deshaun' Nov. 22, 2016, 11:23 p.m.
null
Enter Your Login Details x Invalid email address or password. Email : Password :   Remember Me |  Forgot Password Don't have a MyPRGenie account yet? Sign up here Or Login in with Facebook Connect? Click the Facebook Connect icon above. Sign Up and Get Yourself Heard! x First Name : Last Name : Email : Password : Country : Select... Afghanistan Aland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Rep. Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Isl. Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Democratic Republic of The Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote Divoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Faeroe Islands Falkland Isl. Malvina Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Terr. Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Mcdonald Isl. Herzegovina Holland Holy See Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Rep. Of Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Rep. Of Korea,Dem. People Rep. Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People Dem. Rep. Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, Yugoslav Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Mariana Islands, Nor. Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova, Rep. Of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island North Korea Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestenian Territory Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Republique Du Benin Reunion Romania Russia Rwanda S. Georgia-S. Sandwich Saint Kitts Nevis Saint Pierre-Miquelon Samoa San Marino Sao Tome Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka St. Helena St. Lucia St. Vincent-Grenadines Sudan Suriname Svalbard Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Rep. Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Rep. Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks And Caicos Isl. Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, Brit. Wallis And Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Already a Member? Login here Or Login with Facebook Connect icon above. About Us | Pricing | Newswire | Companies To Follow | PR Tips Email | PDF Sharing Options Contact Information Tolu Abayomi * Your First Name: * Your Last Name: * Subject: Photos Download Download Press Release Spread New York, NY, United States LIFT - World's First Levitating Charger for Your Smartwatch Please mention reason for marking as inappropriate Adult Mature Unrelated Links or Products Purely Personal Copied Content Deceptive or Miscategorized Low Quality Alcohol or Drug Sales Abuse Hate Speech or Personal Attack Gambling Other • Hotly anticipated antigravity charger released on July 28, 2016 • Kickstarter campaign has already blown way past its $44,000 goal • Wirelessly charge your smartwatch while it levitates in mid air • Orb Smart Lamp can be placed wirelessly, anywhere in the house. New York, NY -- Aug 06, 2016 / (http://www.myprgenie.com) -- Levitation Works, the designer and manufacturer of smart consumer electronic devices announced its debut product: LIFT - Anti Gravity Levitating Smartwatch Charger and Lamp. It is officially available today for $199. Pre-orders are now being taken at the special launch price of $149. The product will ship to first customers in October 2016. The Lift charger is a minimalist marvel: placing the Apple Watch or Pebble on the holder and re-leasing it on the center of the base, is all that is required to wirelessly charge the smartwatch while it graciously floats in space. Lift will work with all Apple Watch models and the last two generations of the Pebble smartwatch. It comes in two colors: Ice White and Graphite Black, these sleek finishes work great with any smartwatch model or color. Lift combines the age-old Tesla principle for wireless power transmission with the latest cutting-edge induction technologies and magnetic levitation, and elegantly delivers an experience like no other. While Levitation Works’ revolutionary technology keeps smartwatches magically suspended in thin air, the configuration of the holder allows the display to be at a perfect angle, making reading and interacting with notifications feel natural. The levitating holder makes it also quickly accessible; when in a hurry, grabbing it and running is simply much easier than dealing with frustrating cables. But Lift has also some hidden features up its sleeve. The holder itself is also a power bank, so it can go anywhere and recharge up to two times the Apple Watch (even more on the Pebble). It can even give an emergency charge to a smartphone. Lift’s base is also compatible to all Qi standard induction smartphones, which can be charged just by placing it on the base’s induction plate. Lift also comes with a wireless smart lamp, the Orb. When placed on the base, it will levitate while creating a beautiful ambient light for any space. Orb has an inbuilt battery and a magnetic base, which makes it a perfect object to take anywhere and stick to any metallic surface. More Orbs can be spread around the house, or even outdoors, to create infinite possibilities of ambient light configurations. The manufacturing process of the Lift uses only the highest quality materials and latest technolo-gies, making the final result indeed a timeless object. High quality machined aluminum reinforces the main housings and structural points. Medical grade ceramic is used in the induction system for its high quality look and non-conductive properties. This is the first time ceramic has been used in a mass production consumer electronic product. Lift is brought to market by the Levitation Works team, based out of New York. Check out the Kick-starter page here: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1465703413/lift-anti-gravity-levitating-smartwatch-charger. For more information on Levitation Works, please visit http://www.levitationworks.com, http://www.facebook.com/wearelevitationworks and http://www.twitter.com/levitationworks About Levitation Works Levitation Works designs and manufactures levitating consumer products. Founded by an eclectic team of innovators, engineers and designers, it shares unconditional love for technology and desire to create timeless products that will be loved and treasured for many years to come. For more information about Levitation Works, visit the company website http://www.levitationworks.com. Key product features: • Levitating Charge - Simply place the Apple Watch or Pebble on the holder, positioning it over the base is all that is needed to watch the Lift magically float in space while wirelessly charging the smartwatch. The full experience needs to be seen to be believed. • Revolutionary Technology - The induction system is based on Tesla’s original ideas around wireless power trans-mission. Lift takes this radical concept, adapting it so that the new technology can transfer power while magically levitating in space without the need for any wires. • Timeless Design - Lift takes influences from Apple, Porsche Design and simple minimalism. The Lift shows off your smartwatch and takes it to a whole new level. With obsessive attention to detail, reducing superfluous details and the simplest user interface ever, Lift will be a beautiful desktop companion and talking piece for years to come. • Finest Materials - Lift uses only the highest quality materials and latest technologies, and the final result is a time-less object. High quality machined aluminum reinforces the main housings and structural points. Medical grade ceramic is used in the induction system for its high quality look and non-conductive properties. This is the first time ceramic has been used in a mass production consumer electronic product. • Power to Go - The holder is also a power bank, giving up to two full charges while on the go. It can even be used to charge a smartphone. • Made for Apple Watch and Pebble - Lift fits all models of the Apple Watch, and the last two generations of the Pebble smartwatch. • The Orb - The Wireless Smart Lamp - Lift also comes with a wireless smart lamp, the Orb. When placed on the base, it will levitate while creating a beautiful ambient light for any space. With an inbuilt battery and a magnetic base, Orb is a perfect object to take anywhere and stick to any metallic surface. More Orbs can be spread around the house, or even outdoors, to create infinite possibilities of ambient light configurations. • Wireless Smartphone Charging - Lift's base is also compatible to all Qi standard induction smartphones, which can be charged just by being placed on the base’s induction plate. Contact: Levitation Works, contact@Levitationworks.com, 123-456-7890 Category: Technology Word Count:956 Tags: lift, levitation works, Kickstarter, smartwatch charger, apple watch charger, pebble charger Weblinks: http://www.levitationworks.com Sort by: Newest Oldest Comments Add a Comment: characters left Home | Pricing | Newswire | Companies To Follow | PR Tips ©2007-2016 MyPRGenie, Inc Disclaimer
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Thursday, November 24, 2016 12:29 am GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 26°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Apple said to buy AI startup Turi for about US$200m Saturday August 6, 2016 04:50 PM GMT+8 ICYMI Man United to extend Ibrahimovic deal by one year, says Mourinho The Edit: Six things about Barron, the youngest Trump kid Khairy: Harimau Malaysia’s fate in Suzuki Cup for Cabinet to decide Perak Health Dept: Malaria on the rise in Gerik’s Orang Asli settlement Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Apple has purchased multiple firms over the past couple of years that specialise in artificial intelligence. — Reuters picSAN FRANCISCO, Aug 6 — Apple Inc. acquired artificial intelligence startup Turi Inc. for about US$200 million (RM807.8 million), according to people familiar with the situation, in the latest deal by the iPhone maker to accumulate advanced computing capabilities for its products and services. Turi helps developers create and manage software and services that use a form of AI called machine learning. It also has systems that let companies to build recommendation engines, detect fraud, analyse customer usage patterns and better target potential users, according to the Seattle-based startup’s website. Apple could use this to more rapidly integrate the technology with future products. Apple’s move yesterday is part of a broader battle among Google, Facebook Inc. and Amazon.com Inc. to gain an edge in AI, particularly in the field known as pervasive computing, where software tries to automatically infer what people want, one of the people said. Turi’s technology could feed into Apple’s Siri digital assistant, the person added, and help define new ways computers interact with people. “Apple buys smaller technology companies from time to time, and we generally do not discuss our purpose or plans,” Apple said in a statement. GeekWire earlier reported the acquisition. Apple sees its Turi acquisition as a way to better tap into the growing community of AI researchers, said a person familiar with the deal. Apple has been criticised by researchers for being too secretive about its AI work. In contrast, Turi held a two-day machine-learning conference in July in San Francisco for data scientists and academics. Formerly known as Dato, Turi raised more than US$25 million from venture capital investors including New Enterprise Associates and Madrona Venture Group, according to CrunchBase. Turi couldn’t be reached for comment on the deal. The Turi team will remain in Seattle, one of the people familiar with the situation said. Apple has purchased multiple firms over the past couple of years that specialise in artificial intelligence. The company has also begun to integrate these technologies into products such as its iPhone software and Siri. In January, Apple acquired Emotient, a startup that uses AI to recognise and act upon facial expressions. Last year, Apple acquired a pair of voice-centric AI startups, VocalIQ and Perceptio, to bolster Siri. VocalIQ specialised in using machine learning to allow voice assistants to engage in more realistic conversation. Perceptio focused on helping AI systems run on devices while sharing limited amounts of personal user data. Machine learning and AI help computers automatically understand images, videos, and spoken words. The technologies also allow systems to take actions or make recommendations on such data. Apple has already begun to show the fruits of its AI investments via better keyword recognition by Siri across multiple product lines. Apple will release a new version of its photo-management program for iPhones and iPads that uses AI to recognize objects in photos. For example, a user will be able to search for “sushi” and photographs of the food will appear. Apple will also bring machine learning capabilities to its iMessage application by adding a feature this fall that translates words in texts into emoji icons. — Bloomberg                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Chinese-made US$100b city in Johor 'scares the hell out of everybody' Merkel ‘not happy’ Trump scrapping Pacific trade deal Automakers seek to cut inventories with Black Friday, holiday promotions Lufthansa pilots’ strike wreaks havoc on flight schedule Australia’s Crown Resorts casino staff arrested in China Chinese-made US$100b city in Johor 'scares the hell out of everybody' Foreign banks shaken by Malaysia's move to halt currency slide Malaysia’s central bank says will no longer tolerate ringgit trade in NDF market Ex-Valeant executive, ex-pharmacy CEO charged for fraud scheme Bank Negara Malaysia says it is intervening in currency market Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: China goes global as Trump puts America first Reuters Video: Facebook crafts censorship tool to re-enter China, says NYT Kids and parents react to 'Beauty and the Beast' MMOTV: Mahathir, Siti Hasmah head to KLCC by car MMOTV: Red Shirts heckle yellow-shirted Bersih participants MMOTV: A Red Shirts supporter hurls abuse at Bersih supporters Related Articles So, is it worth asking Santa for an iPhone 7 (or 7 Plus)? Apple chronicles its distinctive design in new book Is the world ready for Apple glasses? Apple now sells refurbished iPhones Samsung seeks redemption with AI-infused Galaxy S8 phone Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2016 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Skip to main content area You can close this video in 5 seconds.   LIVE SMARTER THE AUTOMATOR Smart Shopping BIG QUESTIONS Lists VIDEOS QUIZZES STORE PLUS Amazing Facts Job Secrets Language Space Weather World War I Kennections LIVE SMARTER THE AUTOMATOR SMART SHOPPING BIG QUESTIONS LISTS VIDEOS QUIZZES PLUS Amazing Facts Job Secrets Language Space Weather World War I Kennections STORE On This Date in 1997, Microsoft Invested in Apple Share Chris Higgins filed under: computers, History, technology, video Image credit:  YouTube // The Apple History Channel Like us on Facebook On August 6, 1997, Steve Jobs announced that Microsoft made a major investment in Apple. Microsoft bought $150 million in non-voting Apple stock, promised to hold that stock for three years, and promised to support Microsoft Office on the Mac for at least five years. In exchange, Apple dropped its lawsuit over Windows ripping off its user interface and made Internet Explorer the default browser on the Mac. (There were a handful of other terms, including a collaboration on Java, but they aren't particularly substantial.) All of this was pre-iPod and even pre-iMac. At the time, Apple was busily bleeding money and was on the verge of bankruptcy. Shortly after, Apple began the meteoric rise that has sustained it for decades. From 1998 on, Apple launched a string of successes: iMac, iBook, iPod, iTunes Store, and eventually iPhone and iPad. (To be fair, we got some flops too.) When Jobs announced the Microsoft deal, the crowd at Macworld Expo freaked out. Jobs now-famously said, "We have to let go of a few notions here. We have to let go of the notion that for Apple to win, Microsoft needs to lose." What is less often quoted is the next thing Jobs said: "We have to embrace a notion that for Apple to win, Apple has to do a really good job. And if others are gonna help us, that's great, because we need all the help we can get. And if we screw up and we don't do a good job...it's our fault. ... If we want Microsoft Office on the Mac, we'd better treat the company that puts it out with a little bit of gratitude. We'd like their software." Here's video of that fateful announcement: For more on that deal, read this writeup from Wired. Also pertinent is the story of "Here's to the Crazy Ones," the ad campaign referenced by Jobs at the end of his presentation above. More from mental_floss...  10 Facebook Status Updates Gone Horribly Wrong  11 Controversial Vanity License Plates  11 Characters Played by Different Actors  5 Other Americans Who Were Kinda, Sorta President August 6, 2016 - 4:00am Share Chris Higgins chrishiggins ­Chris Higgins is the author of The Blogger Abides, and has written for This American Life, The Atlantic, Breakfast on Mars, and The Magazine. You can follow him at chrishiggins.com. View the discussion thread. . POPULAR ON mental_floss Viewed Past: 1 day 1 week 1 month 1 year POPULAR ON mental_floss 9 Vintage Thanksgiving Side Dishes We Shouldn’t Bring Back The World's Countries Swapped According to Their Population Name Each Doctor's Specialty POPULAR ON mental_floss What Country Eats the Most Turkey? 10 Fascinating Facts About Ravens 30 Stores That Will Remain Closed on Thanksgiving 2016 POPULAR ON mental_floss An Antioxidant Found in Wine May Help Women With Polycystic Ovary Syndrome You Have to See Tuesday's Black Friday Week Amazon Deals Who Was the Mysterious Babushka Lady at JFK’s Assassination? POPULAR ON mental_floss The ‘Mystery Science Theater 3000’ Turkey Day Marathon Is Back 25 Things to Look for While Watching the 24-Hour 'A Christmas Story' Marathon 10 Words Whose Pronunciation Has Changed Over Time POPULAR ON mental_floss Brutal Letter Written By John Lennon to Paul McCartney Post-Breakup Goes to Auction Why Do the Detroit Lions and Dallas Cowboys Always Play on Thanksgiving? 23 Facts About 'Steel Magnolias' POPULAR ON mental_floss Everything Leaving Netflix in December 12 Books You Should Drop Everything and Read This November Everything New Coming to Netflix in December NEWSLETTER A super-skimmable daily digest. Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Subscribe To Our Newsletter A super-skimmable Daily Digest filled with fun stories from our editors. About Privacy Authors RSS Terms Contact Customer Service Store ©2016 Mental Floss, Inc. All rights reserved. Mental Floss® is a registered trademark owned by Felix Dennis. mentalfloss.com is a trademark owned by Felix Dennis.
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Apple's App Store just had its best month ever — and here's why Kif Leswing Aug. 3, 2016, 5:22 PM 5,438 facebook linkedin twitter email print Getty Summer's here, school's out, and people are downloading and paying for apps on their iPhones.  Apple CEO Tim Cook announced on Wednesday that the company had set a record for total billings and amount paid to developers for the iTunes App Store in July. "App Store developers have now earned over $50 billion! Congratulations on your success and such inspired creativity. July was a record-breaker for the App Store! Highest-ever monthly billings and money paid to developers," Cook wrote on Twitter.  One reason why the App Store might have had a banner month is Pokémon Go, the mobile phenomenon that much of the world has been playing all month. Pokémon Go generates money through in-app purchases, of which Apple takes 30%. Apple said that Pokémon Go set a new App Store record for first-week downloads on iPhones and iPads. And last week, CEO Tim Cook said that "in terms of [augmented reality] and the Pokémon phenomenon, it's incredible what happened there." One estimate from investment bank Needham suggests that Apple could possibly book $3 billion over the next two years, thanks to Pokémon Go. And it appears that the sensation is already having an impact on Apple's top line — at least in its services division.  Apple has signaled that it is emphasizing the App Store as an increasingly important part of its business. In December, Apple put Phil Schiller, its head of marketing and one of former CEO Steve Jobs' top lieutenants, in charge of the App Store. July was a record-breaker for the @AppStore! Highest-ever monthly billings and money paid to developers. — Tim Cook (@tim_cook) August 3, 2016 .@AppStore developers have now earned over $50 billion! Congratulations on your success and such inspired creativity. — Tim Cook (@tim_cook) August 3, 2016 SEE ALSO: Apple CEO Tim Cook can’t pronounce Pokémon but he still thinks it's incredible NOW WATCH: This hidden iPhone feature will boost your reception Loading video... More: Apple Pokemon Go facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Apple's App Store just had its best month ever — and here's why Apple's App Store just had its best month ever — and here's why Summer's here, school's out, and people are... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Microsoft > General Business FLASH SALE: VDownloader      50% OFF! Microsoft Exec Says Apple Is Hurting Its Users with Old Tech GO Surface executive criticizes Apple’s old technology Aug 6, 2016 07:23 GMT  ·  By Bogdan Popa  ·  Share:  Microsoft and Apple are going head to head in today’s technology industry, and the two companies are competing in several businesses, including services, software, and hardware. The competition between the two has often led to remarks that excite their fans, most of them made during press conferences when either Microsoft or Apple introduced new products. This time, however, Brian Hall, who is the general manager of the Surface line at Microsoft, turned to Twitter to criticize Apple and its recent investments in innovations. “I compete with Apple and respect them. but they ARE doing their customers a disservice at times with old tech...” Brian Hall tweeted, clearly hinting that Apple is doing nobody a favor by not investing more in product research and bringing innovations to the market. And while Hall says that Apple customers are the ones directly affected by Apple’s lack of innovation these days, Microsoft itself is suffering too because the Cupertino rival is losing ground in today’s competitive climate, so it can no longer act as a catalyst for other companies to improve their products. It’s not just about computers But Hall does have a point, and it’s not all about computers - although this is clearly the market he was referring to. The last major revision to the MacBook was launched more than four years ago, and Apple is doing the same thing in phones too, though this isn’t exactly impacting Microsoft’s business, but it shows that Cupertino does have a problem maintaining its products fresh. The existing iPhone lineup is very similar to the one before, and the 6s models look exactly the same as the standard 6, although they do bring certain hardware improvements. The bigger problem, however, is that the upcoming generation, called iPhone 7 or the 2016 iPhone, will boast the same look, once again with some improvements, but nothing the market doesn’t have already. Furthermore, Apple’s latest phone is called iPhone SE and has the exact same design as the iPhone 5, only that it features new parts in an attempt to move those who still love 4-inch phones to latest generation hardware. Many have criticized Apple for launching a product that looks exactly the same as a model released in 2012, and once again, the company’s declining innovation level was the main aspect brought in the spotlight in pretty much every discussion. As usual, Apple continues to remain completely tight-lipped, even following these new accusations, but expect new remarks to be made at the company’s upcoming iPhone unveiling due in September. #Microsoft#Apple#iPhone 7#Surface#MacBook subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news China Doesn’t Care About Windows 10 Anniversary Update, Still Loves Windows XP Windows 10 Should Ban Downloads of Pirated Content, Organization Says Microsoft Releases Update for the Best Email Client on iPhones Microsoft Wants to Make iPhone’s Siri Irrelevant with New Cortana Update Donald Trump, Tim Cook Discuss Building iPhones in the United States iPhone 8 to Feature Traditional Wireless Charging like the Samsung Galaxy S7 Lenovo Builds a New Microsoft Surface Clone and It Looks Fabulous Anonymous Hackers Want McAfee to Be Trump’s Security Adviser, Call for March HTC Desire 650 Announced, a Low Mid-End Smartphone for the Masses Glossy Black Galaxy S7 edge Leaks in Live Pictures Download Windows 10 64-bit Drivers for Acer’s Aspire TC-710 Desktop Model Intel Rolls Out Several New BIOS Versions for Its NUC Kits and Compute Sticks    Microsoft and Apple are competing in software, hardware and services New Apps AVG Ultimate: Powerful protection solution that monitors the security status of multiple computers and mobile devices, ensuring that none of them get infected YourKit Profiler: A CPU and memory profiler for the .NET platform, recognized by the IT professionals and analysts as the best profiling tool out there ZHPDiag: Seamlessly perform a full-system diagnosis of your computer and detect unwanted items that may make your system vulnerable to malware with this tool Quick Heal Virus Database: Daily signature and virus definitions updates for your Quick Heal products, allowing the manual update of Quick Heal AntiVirus Pro, Internet Security and Total Security Action!: Record your gameplay or desktop and capture screenshots, share them on Facebook or YouTube or export your recordings to popular formats and devices WizNote: Write memos, create sticky notes, manage your contacts and synchronize data between multiple computers, with this handy application TreeSize Professional: A powerful and comprehensive hard disk space manager that visually tracks down disk usage and removes obsolete and temporary files from your system Reader comments Load old comments   Microsoft Can’t Kill Linux Right Now, The Linux Foundation Director Says more on: Microsoft i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2016 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Home Tech Entertainment Social Lifestyle Business Deals Podcast Tip Us Search 3D Accessories Breaking Business Cars Celebrities eBooks Events Exclusive Featured Gaming Hardware Entertainment Humor Internet Interview Lifestyle Opinions Retail Security Services Software Tablets TV Previous Bizarre glitch is transforming Pokemon after they're caught in Pokemon Go Previous Next At just $50, this Wi-Fi AC router offers the perfect balance between price and performance Next iOS 10 public beta 3 now available for download By Yoni Heisler on Aug 2, 2016 at 1:10 PM Email @edibleapple Apps & Software Share This Story Tweet Like Share Submit Shop ▾ Image Source: Apple Apple earlier today released the third public beta of iOS to the public. The release comes just about two weeks after Apple released the second public beta. Whereas the second public beta featured some enhanced 3D touch functionality and a number of other minor tweaks and fixes, the most recent iteration of iOS 10 packs in a new emoji lineup, new keyboard sounds and more. But by and large, not much else has changed. DON’T MISS: Brand new leaked iPhone 7 photos remind us why iPhone 7 photos leak For anyone interested in checking out Apple’s next-gen mobile OS a good few weeks before its officially released out into the wild, individuals can sign up for Apple’s beta program over here. iOS 10 is slated for a release alongside the upcoming iPhone 7, which means that we’ll likely see iOS 10 become widely available sometime before September 16. For those who happened to miss all of the hype of WWDC this year, iOS 10 packs a number of intriguing new features and enhancements, including a completely revamped Messages app, a redesigned Apple Music app, and a more forward-thinking version of Photos. As a final point of interest, listed below are all of the iPhone and iPad models that are compatible with iOS 10: Any iPhone model going back to the iPhone 5 will work with iOS 10, though to be fair, we don’t imagine many iPhone 4s users are still out there. As for the iPad, the following models are iOS 10 friendly: iPad 4th gen, iPad Air, iPad Air 2, iPad Pro, iPad mini 2, iPad mini 3 and the iPad mini 4 Tags: IOS 10, IOS 10 Beta Older StoryPrevious Newer StoryNext Trending How to get a NES Classic without spending $300 T-Mobile has some of the best Black Friday deals we’ve seen Best Black Friday deals on Apple gear: iPhone 7, MacBooks, iPads, Beats and more New leak shows how efficient Samsung has gotten at copying Apple Related Articles 10 hidden iPhone tricks Apple never told you about New iPhone security flaw lets anyone access messages and photos without your PIN Apple just released iOS 10.2 beta 2 BGR Store Pocket Tripod PRO Striiv Touch Activity Tracking & Notification-Enabled Smartwatch Bluetooth 3.0 Smartwatch with Camera & Pedometer PureVPN: Lifetime Subscription View Comments Hubs Apple No need to panic: Jony Ive is still designing new Apple products Leak: iPhone 8's major redesign paves the way for a new killer feature Android Buying microSD cards for your phone just got a lot easier You can now catch Ditto in Pokemon Go Mobile No need to panic: Jony Ive is still designing new Apple products Sprint's Black Friday deals are great, if you like Sprint Retail These are all the early Black Friday deals that are available right now Amazon's 13 best deals: 55" 4K Roku TV, Kindle Paperwhite, gigabit router, Bluetooth earbuds, more FOLLOW BGR Like BGR on Facebook Follow @BGR on Twitter BGR on Google Plus Follow BGR on LinkedIn BGR ON TWITTER Jonathan S. Geller @boygenius 15 Nov Copping that apple coffee table book asap Zach Epstein @zacharye 5h New OK Go video is pure insanity - watch it here with our exclusive interview bgr.co/drltWup https://t.co/65g6SPaHhE Advertise Contact About Reviews Apple Mobile Android Topics PMC Hollywood Life Deadline Variety TVLine India.com WWD FN Copyright 2016 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms of Use × Tip Us Name(required) Email(required) Subject(required) URL Would you like us to keep you anonymous? Yes No Message(required)
Thu, Nov 24, 2016 | Updated 12.11 AM IST HI, Follow Us: MY PROFILE NEWSLETTER LOGOUT SIGN INFollow Us: Gadgets Now Gadgets Now TOI Home News Tech News Jobs Social IT Services Mobiles PCs Apps Gaming Computing More Gadgets Google Translate is now even better Nextbit Robin starts receiving Android 7.0 Nougat beta update 'Over 1,377 social media URLs blocked during the last three years' These Indian startups will join Google's Launchpad Accelerator programme Fintech will help create more jobs in Asia Pacific, says UNDP Here's how US government plans to make driving safer for smartphone users Panasonic to launch new air purifier range in India Xiaomi Mi Mix Nano to launch in first week of December 2016 Samsung announces buy now, 'pay later' offer on durables Pegasystems ties up with TalentSprint to expand academic programme FOLLOW US shop FOLLOW US Gadgets Mobile Phones Tablets Laptops Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands FOLLOW US Reviews FOLLOW US compare Mobile Phones Laptops Tablets Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands FOLLOW US Slideshows FOLLOW US Videos FOLLOW US Brands Apple Samsung Google Sony HTC Karbonn LG Micromax Microsoft OnePlus Oppo Spice Xiaomi Acer HP InFocus Lenovo Dell FOLLOW US Checklist How To FOLLOW US Featured FOLLOW US infocus Specials ALL ShopGadgets Gadgets Now » News » Tech News Apple's iPhone marketshare falls by 35% in India: Report According to a report from Strategy Analytics, the company shipped 800,000 smartphones in India in Q2 2016, this compares to 1.2 million smartphones it shipped during the same quarter last year.TOI Tech | Updated: Aug 6, 2016, 01.36 PM IST Highlights Apple shipped 800,000 smartphones in India during Q2 2016 At its recent earnings call, CEO Tim Cook said the company is looking forward to opening retail stores in India India is the world's third-largest smartphone market after China and US Apple CEO TIm Cook during his recent visit to India. Highlights Apple shipped 800,000 smartphones in India during Q2 2016 At its recent earnings call, CEO Tim Cook said the company is looking forward to opening retail stores in India India is the world's third-largest smartphone market after China and US BOSTON: Apple is betting big on India. But it seems that the company has a tough task at hand. According to a report from Strategy Analytics, the company shipped 800,000 smartphones in India in Q2 2016, this compares to 1.2 million smartphones it shipped during the same quarter last year. Says, Woody Oh, director at Strategy Analytics, added, "Apple iOS fell 35% annually and shipped 0.8 million smartphones in India in Q2 2016. Apple's smartphone marketshare has halved from 4% to just 2% in India during the past year." According to him, it's time Apple works on iPhone's pricing in the country as cheaper devices will surely help boost sales. "Apple iOS will need to reduce iPhone pricing to cheaper levels, attract more operator subsidies and enlarge its retail presence through Apple stores or online channels if it wants to regrow significantly in the future," adds Oh. This surely is not a good news for the Cupertino giant who is planning to open its company-owned stores in India. At its recent earnings call, CEO Tim Cook said, "In the first three quarters of this fiscal year, our iPhone sales in India were up 51 per cent year-on-year. We are looking forward to opening retail stores in India down the road and we see huge potential for that vibrant country," Cook told analysts during an earnings call on Tuesday. Apple's fiscal year 2016 runs from September 27, 2015 to September 24, 2016." During the call, Cook said that he was encouraged by the prospects in India and China during his recent visit to these countries. The company said that iPhone sales during the April-June quarter grew in double digits in key markets, including India, Japan, Turkey, Brazil, Canada and Sweden. Cook also reiterated that Apple has launched a centre to support Indian developers creating applications for its iOS operating system and has opened an office in Hyderabad to accelerate map development. Currently, India is the world's third-largest smartphone market after China and US. Smartphone shipments grew 19% annually to reach 31 million units in India during the second quarter of 2016. RELATED From around the web From GADGETSNOW Recommended By Colombia From Around the Web From GADGETSNOW Recommended By Colombia Comments Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message GADGETS NOW SHOP Latest News Google Translate is now even better Nextbit Robin starts receiving Android 7.0 Nougat beta update 'Over 1,377 social media URLs blocked during the last three years' These Indian startups will join Google's Launchpad Accelerator programme Fintech will help create more jobs in Asia Pacific, says UNDP From around the Web More From GadgetsNow Recommended By Colombia Most Popular Apple iPad Pro, iPhone 7 available at a discount of up to Rs 28,900 Apple CEO Tim Cook's letter to employees on Donald Trump's win Flipkart CEO’s response to Amazon’s No.1 claim These are the 'feared' security features of the Rs 2000 note Rs 500 & Rs 1000 ban: 'Good news' for phone buyers WhatsApp launches video-calling feature for Android users TCS: Cyrus Mistry caused 'enormous harm' to the IT company IITs: Pre-placement salaries hit record high Apple MacBook Pro with ‘Touch Bar’ launched, prices start at Rs 1,55,900 Reliance Jio to launch phones with unlimited voice, video calling starting at Rs 1,000 Gun emoji: Microsoft 'doesn't agree' with Apple Electric cars to go posh, as Mercedes plans lineup Qualcomm to lease 5L sqft of office space in Bengaluru Reliance Jio fuels price war, Airtel, Vodafone cut data prices Fatwa against Pokemon Go in India Future group, Paytm tie-up to take Big Bazaar online Meizu E with curved display, dual-cameras to launch soon: Report Researchers use Trojan horse to hack into software Trai commences review of interconnection charges 1Apple's iPhone marketshare falls by 35% in India: Report 2Gun emoji: Microsoft 'doesn't agree' with Apple 3Electric cars to go posh, as Mercedes plans lineup 4Qualcomm to lease 5L sqft of office space in Bengaluru 5Reliance Jio fuels price war, Airtel, Vodafone cut data prices 6Fatwa against Pokemon Go in India 7Future group, Paytm tie-up to take Big Bazaar online 8Meizu E with curved display, dual-cameras to launch soon: Report 9Researchers use Trojan horse to hack into software 10Trai commences review of interconnection charges GADGETS NOW About Us Privacy policy RSS Return Policy Newsletter Sitemap Feedback Authors Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Gadgets now mobile Refund Policy Popular Mobiles Google Pixel XL 32 GB Moto Z 64GB Moto Z Play 32GB Honor 8 Samsung Galaxy A9 Pro Lenovo K4 Note Lenovo K3 Note Oppo F1 Plus Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Mi 5S Lenovo Vibe K5 Lenovo Zuk Z1 Samsung Galaxy J7 Lenovo A7000 Lenovo K5 Note Samsung Galaxy J2 OnePlus 3 Samsung Galaxy On7 OnePlus X Samsung Z3 HTC Desire 820 LG G5 Sony Xperia Z5 HTC Desire 826 Oppo R7 Upcoming Mobiles Nokia P1 Samsung Galaxy C5 Pro Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Oppo F1s 64GB Umi Plus E Lyf Wind 7i OKWU Pi Vivo Xplay6 Vivo X9 64 GB Vivo X9 128GB Vivo X9 OnePlus 3T 64 GB OnePlus 3T 128GB Vivo V5 Gionee S9 Huawei Mate 9 Pro Lava A76 Plus Asus Zenfone 3 Max ZC553KL Hyve Pryme Wileyfox Swift 2 Wileyfox Swift 2 Plus Moto M Xiaomi Redmi 4A Xiaomi Redmi 4 16GB Xiaomi Redmi 4 Latest Mobiles Google Nexus 9 Coolpad Note 3 Redmi Note 3 Lenovo K4 Note Moto G4 Plus OnePlus X OnePlus 2 Lenovo Vibe S1 iPhone 6 Google Nexus 5 Mobile Phones Spice Mobiles Oppo Mobiles OnePlus Mobiles Microsoft Mobiles Micromax Mobiles LG Mobiles Karbonn Mobiles HTC Mobiles Sony Mobiles Google Mobiles Copyright © 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. | The Times of India. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service
Thu, Nov 24, 2016 | Updated 12.11 AM IST HI, Follow Us: MY PROFILE NEWSLETTER LOGOUT SIGN INFollow Us: Gadgets Now Gadgets Now TOI Home News Tech News Jobs Social IT Services Mobiles PCs Apps Gaming Computing More Gadgets Google Translate is now even better Nextbit Robin starts receiving Android 7.0 Nougat beta update 'Over 1,377 social media URLs blocked during the last three years' These Indian startups will join Google's Launchpad Accelerator programme Fintech will help create more jobs in Asia Pacific, says UNDP Here's how US government plans to make driving safer for smartphone users Panasonic to launch new air purifier range in India Xiaomi Mi Mix Nano to launch in first week of December 2016 Samsung announces buy now, 'pay later' offer on durables Pegasystems ties up with TalentSprint to expand academic programme FOLLOW US shop FOLLOW US Gadgets Mobile Phones Tablets Laptops Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands FOLLOW US Reviews FOLLOW US compare Mobile Phones Laptops Tablets Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands FOLLOW US Slideshows FOLLOW US Videos FOLLOW US Brands Apple Samsung Google Sony HTC Karbonn LG Micromax Microsoft OnePlus Oppo Spice Xiaomi Acer HP InFocus Lenovo Dell FOLLOW US Checklist How To FOLLOW US Featured FOLLOW US infocus Specials ALL ShopGadgets Gadgets Now » News » Tech News Gun emoji: Microsoft 'doesn't agree' with Apple Apple and Microsoft on Friday appeared to be aiming in opposite directions with freshly unholstered gun emojis.AFP | Updated: Aug 6, 2016, 12.20 PM IST SAN FRANCISCO: Apple and Microsoft on Friday appeared to be aiming in opposite directions with freshly unholstered gun emojis. A Windows operating system update rolled out this week by Microsoft came with a pistol emoji changed from a cartoonish ray gun to a revolver. Microsoft said in a blog post that it had a team design new emojis from scratch for the major Windows 10 anniversary update. "They needed to feel more human, more personal, more expressive," Microsoft said in the post devoted to the new array of 'glyphs' that have become a standard for mobile messaging. "The effect is clear, and pretty striking." A Microsoft spokesperson told AFP that the company's intent with every glyph is to "map to industry designs or our customers' expectations" regarding what emojis mean. Meanwhile, a pistol character included among glyphs for messages sent using coming iOS 10 software powering Apple mobile devices looked like a toy instead of a real firearm. New emojis teased by Apple in a blog post included women athletes, single parents, a rainbow flag, and a green water pistol. California-based Apple promised that more than 100 new or redesigned emoji characters will be available to iPhone and iPad users when iOS 10 software is released later this year. READ ALSO: 6 products you didn't know Apple made Apple billed it as "an exciting update" with emojis that "reflect the diversity of people everywhere." Apple did not respond to an AFP request for comment regarding the apparent decision to make a gun emoji that appeared less menacing than the real thing. It remained unclear whether Apple made the change in response to recent high-profile episodes of gun violence, as some theorize. While the change was welcomed by groups devoted to preventing gun violence, it provoked online backlash by those unhappy with the move. "I have never seen an emoji change so poorly received," Emojipedia.org founder Jeremy Burge said in a blog post. "And this isn't even in the hands of most people yet." Apple's toy gun emoji, if it isn't changed before the official release of iOS 10, would break from more realistic looking glyphs offered by major messaging platforms. RELATED From around the web From GADGETSNOW Recommended By Colombia From Around the Web From GADGETSNOW Recommended By Colombia Comments Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message GADGETS NOW SHOP Latest News Google Translate is now even better Nextbit Robin starts receiving Android 7.0 Nougat beta update 'Over 1,377 social media URLs blocked during the last three years' These Indian startups will join Google's Launchpad Accelerator programme Fintech will help create more jobs in Asia Pacific, says UNDP From around the Web More From GadgetsNow Recommended By Colombia Most Popular Apple iPad Pro, iPhone 7 available at a discount of up to Rs 28,900 Apple CEO Tim Cook's letter to employees on Donald Trump's win Flipkart CEO’s response to Amazon’s No.1 claim These are the 'feared' security features of the Rs 2000 note Rs 500 & Rs 1000 ban: 'Good news' for phone buyers WhatsApp launches video-calling feature for Android users TCS: Cyrus Mistry caused 'enormous harm' to the IT company IITs: Pre-placement salaries hit record high Apple MacBook Pro with ‘Touch Bar’ launched, prices start at Rs 1,55,900 Reliance Jio to launch phones with unlimited voice, video calling starting at Rs 1,000 Electric cars to go posh, as Mercedes plans lineup Qualcomm to lease 5L sqft of office space in Bengaluru Reliance Jio fuels price war, Airtel, Vodafone cut data prices Fatwa against Pokemon Go in India Future group, Paytm tie-up to take Big Bazaar online Meizu E with curved display, dual-cameras to launch soon: Report Researchers use Trojan horse to hack into software Trai commences review of interconnection charges Now a smartphone with bulletproof glass 1Gun emoji: Microsoft 'doesn't agree' with Apple 2Electric cars to go posh, as Mercedes plans lineup 3Qualcomm to lease 5L sqft of office space in Bengaluru 4Reliance Jio fuels price war, Airtel, Vodafone cut data prices 5Fatwa against Pokemon Go in India 6Future group, Paytm tie-up to take Big Bazaar online 7Meizu E with curved display, dual-cameras to launch soon: Report 8Researchers use Trojan horse to hack into software 9Trai commences review of interconnection charges 10Now a smartphone with bulletproof glass GADGETS NOW About Us Privacy policy RSS Return Policy Newsletter Sitemap Feedback Authors Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Gadgets now mobile Refund Policy Popular Mobiles Google Pixel XL 32 GB Moto Z 64GB Moto Z Play 32GB Honor 8 Samsung Galaxy A9 Pro Lenovo K4 Note Lenovo K3 Note Oppo F1 Plus Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Mi 5S Lenovo Vibe K5 Lenovo Zuk Z1 Samsung Galaxy J7 Lenovo A7000 Lenovo K5 Note Samsung Galaxy J2 OnePlus 3 Samsung Galaxy On7 OnePlus X Samsung Z3 HTC Desire 820 LG G5 Sony Xperia Z5 HTC Desire 826 Oppo R7 Upcoming Mobiles Nokia P1 Samsung Galaxy C5 Pro Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Oppo F1s 64GB Umi Plus E Lyf Wind 7i OKWU Pi Vivo Xplay6 Vivo X9 64 GB Vivo X9 128GB Vivo X9 OnePlus 3T 64 GB OnePlus 3T 128GB Vivo V5 Gionee S9 Huawei Mate 9 Pro Lava A76 Plus Asus Zenfone 3 Max ZC553KL Hyve Pryme Wileyfox Swift 2 Wileyfox Swift 2 Plus Moto M Xiaomi Redmi 4A Xiaomi Redmi 4 16GB Xiaomi Redmi 4 Latest Mobiles Google Nexus 9 Coolpad Note 3 Redmi Note 3 Lenovo K4 Note Moto G4 Plus OnePlus X OnePlus 2 Lenovo Vibe S1 iPhone 6 Google Nexus 5 Mobile Phones Spice Mobiles Oppo Mobiles OnePlus Mobiles Microsoft Mobiles Micromax Mobiles LG Mobiles Karbonn Mobiles HTC Mobiles Sony Mobiles Google Mobiles Copyright © 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. | The Times of India. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service
Toggle Navigation A-   A+ Sign in News   Stock Home «Back Apple buys machine learning startup Turi to make Siri better IANS | San Francisco Aug 06, 2016 01:03 PM IST Taking another foray into the field of artificial intelligence (AI) AND machine learning and to make its digital assistant Siri better, Apple has acquired Seattle-based machine learning startup Turi for nearly $200 million. According to a GeekWire report, the move is set to increase Apple's presence in the Seattle region where the tech giant has been building an engineering outpost for the past two years. "Apple buys smaller technology companies from time to time, and we generally do not discuss our purpose or plans," said Apple in a statement given to GeekWire. Turi offers tools that are meant to let developers easily scale machine learning applications. The startup is expected to remain in the Seattle region and continue to grow as Apple builds out further expertise in data science, artificial intelligence and machine learning, the report added. The Cupertino-based company has recently bought some machine learning and AI startups like VocalIQ and Perceptio and facial recognition startup Emotient, among others. Apple has recently been making a push into artificial intelligence through Siri personal assistant and related technologies. Advertisement << Previous Article   «Back Ad Ad Most Read Ratan Tata's ego caused financial mess for group firms: Cyrus Mistry Demonetisation: Problem of plenty for RBI as banks park record Rs 4.32 lakh crore Demonetisation: Union Minister latest victim as hospital declines to accept old notes Supreme Court refuses to stay petitions against demonetisation No transaction charges on debit card payments: Govt More From Current Affairs Old currency notes can be deposited in post office accounts Maliwal pins hopes on court for women's safety Infosys invests Rs 31.6 crore in venture fund (Lead, Correcting dateline) Sayyeshaa Saigal not finalised yet: Producer Manish Singh Driver flees with Rs 1.37 cr cash in Bengaluru [ more ] Top Stories ICICI Prudential MF's attraction story Profit-sharing deals with PEs will need shareholders' nod Rs 1 lakh crore shaved off Tata group cos' m-cap since Mistry's ouster F C Kohli debunks Mistry's TCS sale claim SBI cuts bulk deposit rates by 1.25-1.9% [ more ] Markets ICICI Prudential MF's attraction story Fall below 7,900 could take Nifty to 7,500-7,600 levels Profit-sharing deals with PEs will need shareholders' nod Sesame output likely to fall 40% due to unfavourable climate Impact of demonetisation largely priced in: Ridham Desai [ more ] Companies Wadia sends third notice to Tata Sons Mistry knows where all the bodies are buried in Tata Group: Kumar Rs 1 lakh crore shaved off Tata group cos' m-cap since Mistry's ouster F C Kohli debunks Mistry's TCS sale claim Azim Premji-backed FSS plans to raise $250 million [ more ] Opinion Gujarat Gas results set off downgrades Expect lower growth at Eicher Reliance Industries valuation at 10-yr low Don't revive inspector raj Resolving a disagreement [ more ] Latest News ICICI Prudential MF's attraction story Fall below 7,900 could take Nifty to 7,500-7,600 levels Finders can't be keepers Profit-sharing deals with PEs will need shareholders' nod Sesame output likely to fall 40% due to unfavourable climate [ more ] Today's Paper Rs 1 lakh crore shaved off Tata group cos' m-cap since Mistry's ouster Zara's recipe for success: More data, fewer bosses Debit card charges dropped, farmers to get easier cash access We should have 5 million customers by 2020: David Mcmillan, Aviva Europe Pakistan's jihad makers [ more ] News you can use Demonetisation: Stricter norms for NRIs Spread equity investments over three-four months Deposits above Rs 2.5 lakh: Don't panic if you receive the I-T notice Expect your household budget to shoot up: Going cashless comes at a cost Opportunities amid chaos New Balance created its PR crisis. Neo-Nazis aren't helping [ more ]    X Share Box Permalink http://mybs.in/2TGoBAl Home Today's Paper Top Stories Demonetisation Impact Latest News Market News Market Data Companies Economy & Policy Opinion Finance Personal Finance Current Affairs Politics Technology General News International Management Weekend Portfolio Have Your Say Ask Expert Photo Gallery Columnists Videos B2B Connect Live Chat Top Stories Market News Market Data Companies Opinion Economy & Policy Finance Jobs Politics Technology Personal Finance Current Affairs International Management Weekend B2B Connect General News General Photo Gallery Latest News Today's Paper Videos About Us Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Copyrights © 2016 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved | View Desktop Site
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article 41° News Omaha Metro Crime/Courts/Public safety Weather Nebraska Iowa Legislature Politics Election Guide Education Military Good News Dataomaha Record National World Special Sections Sports Big Red Today Bluejays Today Mavs Today Prep Zone The Bottom Line Midlands Colleges Outdoors Lancers Storm Chasers National Golf College World Series Blogs Shatel Money Stocks Warren Buffett Watch Inside Business Agriculture Entertainment Arts Dining Movies Music Nightlife TV Living Good News Momaha Health & Fitness Inspired Living Wedding Essentials Let's Celebrate NE Passport Adventures Omaha: We Don't Coast Special sections Health & Fitness Momaha Opinion Jeff Koterba cartoons World-Herald Editorials Public Pulse Syndicated columnists Midlands Voices Koterba Caption Contest ePaper Obits Celebrations Columnists Brad Dickson Erin Grace Matthew Hansen Michael Kelly Tom Shatel Good News Nation World Video Photos Calendar Weather Contests Sarpy News Bellevue Gretna Papillion / La Vista Ralston In The Game Special Sections Inspired Living Omaha Wedding Essentials World-Herald Archives Customer Service User Dashboard Subscribe Contact us Online bill payment Delivery concerns Subscriber Services Single copy locations Email newsletters World-Herald apps Become a carrier Goodfellows Newspaper in Education Help / FAQ Newsroom staff OWH Rewards Autos Classifieds Daily Deals FindIt Homes Jobs Join our Team Legal notices Weekly ads World-Herald Store Advertise with us OWH Rewards Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Omaha 41° Omaha, NE (68102) Today Cloudy. High 44F. Winds NNW at 15 to 25 mph.. Tonight Cloudy skies early, followed by partial clearing. Low near 30F. Winds NNW at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: November 23, 2016 @ 11:52 am Full Forecast Search Toggle navigation Menu Buy & Sell Autos Classifieds Daily Deals FindIt Homes Jobs Join our Team Legal notices Weekly ads World-Herald Store Advertise with us Customer service User dashboard Subscribe Contact us Online bill payment Delivery concerns Subscriber services Single copy locations Contests OWH Rewards Email newsletters World-Herald apps Become a carrier Goodfellows Newspaper in Education Help / FAQ Newsroom staff Subscribe ePaper Obits Close Briefly: Cincinnati college to bring Pizza ATM to North America From wire reports Aug 6, 2016 (…) Customers will soon be able to get pizza from an ATM at Xavier University in Cincinnati, which has partnered with a French company to install the first Pizza ATM in North America. The company, Paline, said the machine will hold 70 pizzas at a time. Customers will use a touch screen to pick one of the $10 pizzas, which will be heated for several minutes, placed in a cardboard box and ejected through a slot. Apple joins tech companies that offer rewards to hackers Apple said it will start offering cash rewards of up to $200,000 to hackers who come forward with information about security flaws in the company’s software. The iPhone maker is joining other big tech companies that offer “bug bounties” to people who discover vulnerabilities in their computer code. To start, Apple said it will offer rewards to a limited number of researchers it has worked with before. Walmart implements new scheduling system for some Walmart has launched a new scheduling system in about 650 Neighborhood Market stores that gives hourly workers more certainty about their schedules. The system was launched in late July and eventually could be rolled out to all 4,600 U.S. Walmart stores, said Mark Ibbotson, Walmart’s executive vice president of central operations. The hourly workers at the neighborhood stores now have two scheduling options. Those choosing fixed shifts are guaranteed the same weekly hours for up to six months. The remainder will stick to the current system of having three weeks’ notice and being able to choose their hours based on what’s available. Tags Apple Tech Store System Scheduling Reward Hacker Featured Businesses Dr. Josh Evans 8901 Indian Hills Dr, Omaha , NE 68114 402-397-7057 Currently Open Toppers Pizza | Late Night Pizza Delivery | Dodge St Omaha 7010 Dodge St, Omaha, NE 68132 402-553-1133 Currently Open FALA's Treasures & Coffee House 2627 N 205 St, Elkhorn, NE 68022 402-317-9374 Currently Open SAC Federal Credit Union | Banking | Financial Services Papillion 7148 Towne Center Pkwy, Papillion, NE 68046 402-292-8000 Currently Open NP Dodge Real Estate | Sarpy County | NE | Judy Vacek Sarpy County Branch Office 4912 Shannon Dr, Papillion, NE 68133 402-597-5008 Currently Open NP Dodge Real Estate | Council Bluffs | IA Council Bluffs, Iowa 1032 Woodbury Ave , Council Bluffs, IA 51503 712-328-5008 Currently Open World-Herald 150 Stocks In case you missed it Holiday store hours around the area Be warned this shopping season: Chip cards have fraudsters going online Crossroads Mall site developers likely to miss end-of-year demolition deadline Cabela's didn't meet financial goals in 2015, but executives still collected big bonuses Berkshire’s surprise investment in airlines is a ‘seal of approval’ for soaring industry Warren Buffett and Berkshire Hathaway Berkshire’s surprise investment in airlines is a ‘seal of approval’ for soaring industry Replay: Nov. 22 Warren Watch chat Venue changes to Anthony’s Steakhouse, but business students still drink in Warren Buffett's advice Tweets by @OWHmoney loading... Today's ePaper Omaha World-Herald Sunrise Edition Omaha World-Herald Subscriber services ePaper online Subscriber log in Demo ePaper Print edition Subscribe for delivery Single copy locations Sections News Sports Money Living Entertainment Opinion Obits ePaper Full site index Services Contact us Subscribe Subscriber services News alerts + newsletters World-Herald apps Advertise with us Join our Team
NDTV Business Hindi Movies Cricket Good Times Food Tech Auto Apps Prime Art Weddings Collapse Expand Sections Home | World COMMENTS Sections Live TV Videos Latest India Opinion Cities World OffBeat Photos Schedule Trends People Health Indians Abroad South Cheat Sheet Voices Forums Weather News Alerts Analysis: Apple Is Going To Pay Researchers Who Find Bugs In Its Products. What Took Them So Long? World | Andrea Peterson, The Washington Post | Updated: August 06, 2016 11:05 IST EMAIL PRINT COMMENTS Apple will offer cash rewards to hackers who will inform about security flaws in the company's software. Apple will finally start paying out cash rewards to researchers who find security problems in their products, the company announced at the BlackHat cybersecurity conference in Las Vegas Thursday. But the news left some experts wondering why Apple was so late to the party. So-called "bug bounty" programs are now standard among most tech giants. They can help keep consumers safe by encouraging independent researchers to help companies fix security flaws. When a researcher finds a legitimate problem, rewards can range all the way up to the six figures. But Apple historically had a different approach -- offering a tipline where people could report security problems, but not handing out any reward other than putting the researcher's name on a thank you page on its website. "It was kind of an insult," said Matthew Green, a computer science professor at Johns Hopkins University who has previously told Apple about security problems in its products and didn't know why it took them so long to launch a bounty program. "Maybe after San Bernardino they felt there was some pressure to acknowledge that it wasn't enough to give people a pat on the back -- even if they can't pay enough to compete with the free market," he said. Apple's lack of a bug bounty program drew criticism earlier this year when the FBI paid an unknown entity more than $1 million for help breaking into an iPhone used by one of the San Bernardino shooters. Without a bug bounty program, some argued, the only way researchers could make money from finding bugs in Apple's products was selling them off to the highest bidder -- in this case, the FBI. But now, Apple has a chance "to compete for the type of exploits available and control how they'll be used," said Jeff Pollard, principal analyst focused on IT security at Forrester Research. Apple's new rewards program will launch in September, but won't be open to anyone. Instead, it will be invite-only -- at least in the beginning. But researchers who approach the company with a major problem also will be invited to join. Most programs are open to all researchers. The program will only reward researchers for finding a few categories of problems at launch. The biggest payouts will be for bugs affecting software built into components that help Apple's devices start-up securely: Researchers who find one of those could get up to $200,000. That makes Apple's bug bounty program one of the most lucrative out there. Google's program, which launched in 2010, upped its largest bounty -- for breaking the security of its Chromebooks -- to $100,000 this March. Microsoft's largest per bug payout is also $100,000. Apple's potential big rewards may be aimed at convincing researchers to turn to the company when they find a problem, rather than the open market where vulnerabilities might be bought up for use in criminal or state-sponsored hacks. But even with Apple's hefty new payouts, other places may still pay a better premium for ways to hack into the company's products. Last year, Zerodium, a company that deals in buying zero-day vulnerabilities from researchers and selling them to large corporations and government agencies, said it paid $1 million to researchers who were able to remotely hack into the latest version of Apple's mobile operating system, iOS. The company doesn't offer the same massive payouts for problems in other products. "No software other than iOS really deserves such a high bug bounty," Zerodium founder Chaouki Bekrar told The Post last year, citing Apple's strong security built into its products. That internal focus on security may be one reason Apple held out against an official bug bounty program so long while, even as other sectors like the automotive industry, airlines and the Department of Defense started to get in on the game. The rise of Apple Pay may be another factor that pushed the company to be more aggressive about getting help from the larger security community, according to Green. "They really need to know that system is secure" because there's actual money at risk, he said. "I think a lot of researchers would rather hand vulnerabilities over to Apple than to someone who is going to use it to steal people's payment information." © 2016 The Washington Post (This story has not been edited by NDTV staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Trending Gadgets: Flipkart Says Over 1 Million Redmi 3S Units Sold in Less Than 4 Months Movies: Naga Chaitanya, Samantha Ruth Prabhu Are in Love and Trending. See Pic Profit: PM Modi's Cash Ban Is Bonanza For These Struggling Companies Related Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella Takes Digt Apple; Claims Surface Made Two-in-One Category Popular PM Modi's App on Top of Apple's App Store in Downloads, Searches Telegram Unveils Instant View, Telegraph Blogging Platform, and More in Latest Revamp Venezuela Opposition Says Vatican-Brokered Talks 'Frozen' Venezuela Opposition Says Vatican-Brokered Talks 'Frozen' Share this story on ALSO READ21,000 Crore Deposited In Jan Dhan Accounts, Most From Bengal, Karnataka AppleBlackHat cybersecurity conferencebug bountyApple Security Flaws ................................ Advertisement ................................ Quick LinksBigg Boss 10RajinikanthShah Rukh KhanTanmay AgarwalBaahubali 2Parthiv PatelBookMyChotuVistaraGoAir ................................ Advertisement ................................ After India's Massive Attack At Line Of Control, Pak Army On Hotline In Cash Crunch, RBI Chief Urjit Patel 'Missing' Sole Survivor Of A Killing Spree Wonders 'Why Am I The One Who Was Left?' 10-Point Guide To Chief Minister KCR's New 9-Acre Home RSS News Alerts Mobile Apps Apple Android Windows Facebook Twitter Google + LinkedIn About Us Archives Advertise Feedback Disclaimer Investor Complaint Redressal Ombudsman Careers Service Terms Channel Distribution © Copyright NDTV Convergence Limited 2016. All rights reserved. Tweet Add to Flipboard Magazine.
Skip to content Fone Arena The Mobile Blog Menu Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Apple acquires machine learning and AI startup Turi for around $200M Apple has acquired artificial intelligence and machine learning startup Turi Inc, according to a latest report from Geekwire. The deal is said to be finalized at around $200 million. Founded in 2009, Seattle based Turi provides tools that are meant to let developers easily scale machine learning applications. Led by Carlos Guestrin, the Turi team will remain in Seattle. The report touts that Apple has acquired Turi in order to improve Siri. Apple provided a standard response for Turi acquisition, Apple buys smaller technology companies from time to time, and we generally do not discuss our purpose or plans. This is not the first time Apple has acquired a AI or machine learning startup. The company had bought Emotient in January this year. In October last year, the company scooped up speech recognition start-up VocallQ to improve Siri and even bought Perceptio that focuses on developing technology that allows companies to run artificial intelligence systems on smartphones. Tech giants like Facebook, Google, Microsoft and Amazon are increasingly focused on computer learning and artificial intelligence. Author: Sneha Bokil Sneha Bokil is a tech enthusiast and is currently using Nexus 5X but she still treasures her Nokia N70 (M). You can follow her on Twitter @snehabokil and on Google+ View all posts by Sneha Bokil Author Sneha BokilPosted on August 6, 2016Categories Apple Post navigation Previous Previous post: HTC introduces Viveport app store for VR experiences Next Next post: Facebook begins testing MSQRD selfie filters in News Feed Trending Phones OnePlus 3 Xiaomi Mi Max Gionee S6 Pro Le 2 Pro Le 2 Le Max 2 Mobile Phones Nokia Sony Ericsson Samsung Motorola i-Mate Dopod HTC LG 02 BlackBerry Sagem Haier palmOne HP Spice Fly Apple Latest Phones Lenovo Phab 2 Lenovo Phab 2 Plus Lenovo Phab 2 Pro Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto Z Force Reliance Lyf Wind 5 Featured Video Subscribe to FA on YouTube Recent Posts HTC Desire 650 with dual textured back, High-Res audio support announced TVS Motor’s IRIDE smart app will detect vehicle movement, parking location and more Xiaomi Mi 5c surfaces, Paytm launches Mobile App POS and more – FoneArena Daily Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge Glossy Black variant with 128GB storage surfaces in live images Xiaomi Mi Wi-Fi Speaker with voice control and Mi Home Theater with 360-degree sound, PatchWall AI announced Nextbit Robin gets Android 7.0 Nougat community beta iBall Musi Barrel BT31 and Karaoke Barrel portable Bluetooth speakers launched starting at Rs. 2625 Xiaomi Mi 5c surfaces in more live images, shows fingerprint sensor Belkin Road Rockstar Car Charger Review LeEco ‘LeMall for All’ sale from Nov 23 to 25 in India – Cashback, No extra cost EMI and more CategoriesCategories Select Category 2 in 1 3G 4G Accessories Acer Aircel Airtel Alcatel Amazon Android Announcements AOC Apple apps Articles askFA AskFoneArena Asus AT&T Bada Battery test Benchmarks Bharti Blackberry BlackBerry World Blogging Bluetooth Brands BSNL BT Byond Camera Samples Canada Cases CDMA CeBIT Celkon CES CES 2013 CES 2014 CES 2015 CES 2016 Chaze Cheers China china Computex 2014 Computex 2015 Computex 2016 Contributors Coolpad CREO CTIA Datawind Dell Development development Digiflip Pro Domo Dual SIM EE Elephone eReaders EV-DO Events Exclusive Facebook Featured Firefox Fitness Trackers Fly FoneArena Daily FoneArena Labs G Five Games G’FIVE General Gifts Gionee Google GPRS GPS GSM Guides Handsets Headlines HP HTC Huawei Hutch iBall iberry IDEA IFA India Infocus INQ Instagram Photo Contest Intek Intel Interviews Intex IoT iPad iPhone itel Japan Japan Java / J2ME Jio Jolla Karbonn Lava LeEco Lemon Lenovo LeTV LG Linux Luxury Maemo Magicon Manufacturers Maxx MeeGo Meizu Memory Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTNL MTS Multimedia MWC MWC 2010 MWC 2011 MWC 2012 MWC 2013 MWC 2014 MWC 2015 MWC 2016 News Nexian Nextbit NFC Nokia Nokia World 2009 Nokia World 2010 Nokia World 2011 Nokia-Siemens O2 Obi OnePlus Operators Oplus Oppo Palm Palm Panasonic Phicomm Philips Photo Gallery Platforms poll Press Releases Previews Qiku Qualcomm Reliance Reliance Reports Reviews Roundup Rumors Sailfish Samsung Sections SEE2009 Sennheiser Simmtronics Singapore Smartisan Smartron Smartwatches SMS Software Sony Sony Ericsson Spice Spice Sprint Swipe Symbian T-Mobile Tablets Tata Docomo Tata Indicom TCL Teardown Technology Tesla Three Tips Tizen TP-LINK Ubuntu uk Ulefone UMi Unboxings Uncategorized Uninor USA VAS Verizon Video Videocon Videocon Vivo Vodafone VR Wallets WickedLeak Wifi Win a Nokia E7 Windows Xiaomi Xolo YU Zen Zopo ZTE ZUK FA on Facebook Youtube Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Fone Arena 2005-2016
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH Science Technology  • Computer Industry •  Internet Automotive One News Page > Computer Industry > Apple Acquires Machine Learning and AI Startup Turi Apple Acquires Machine Learning and AI Startup Turi Friday, 5 August 2016 Apple recently purchased Seattle-based machine learning and artificial intelligence startup Turi, reports GeekWire. Apple is said to have paid more than $100 million to acquire the company, which was known as "Dato" until earlier this month. Turi is designed to help developers build apps with artificial intelligence capabilities that automatically scale. It has developed the Turi Machine Learning Platform, GraphLab Create, and Turi Predictive Services, used for functions like recommendations, fraud detection, sentiment analysis, and more. Turi toolkits simplify development of machine learning models. Each incorporates automatic feature engineering, model selection, and machine learning visualizations specific to the application. There is no faster way to build performant models. Citing people familiar with the acquisition, GeekWire says Turi employees will remain in the Seattle area, where Apple has been establishing a presence over the past few years. Apple confirmed the acquisition with the standard purchase statement it gives to media outlets: "Apple buys smaller technology companies from time to time, and we generally do not discuss our purpose or plans." It is not known what Apple will do with Turi's technology, but Apple has made several AI-related purchases in recent months including VocalIQ, Perceptio, and Emotient.Tags: Apple acquisition, Turi Discuss this article in our forums » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Source: Bloomberg Technology - on August 5, 2016< > Embed Why Is Apple Buying AI Startup Turi for $200 Million? 02:38 Aug. 5 -- Apple acquired Turi Inc., a startup specializing in artificial intelligence, for about $200 million, according to two people familiar with the situation, in the latest deal by the iPhone maker to accumulate advanced computing capabilities for its products and services. Bloomberg's Mark... You Might Like Recent related news Petuum, Revolutionary AI/ML Development Platform, Closes $15 Million in Series A Funding Led by Advantech Capital, with Tencent, Northern Light Venture Capital and Oriza VenturesPITTSBURGH--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Petuum, Inc., a startup building an artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML) solution development platform, has closed... Business Wire 6 days ago - Press Releases Apple Music will stream 808 drum machine documentary firstApple has negotiated a deal with the creators of 808 — a documentary about the seminal Roland TR-808 drum machine — for exclusive streaming rights through... The Verge 6 days ago - Technology Plextor EX1 SSD targets Apple MacBook Pro (2016) with USB 3.1 Gen 2 Type-C interfaceApple's all-new MacBook Pro looks to be a very well-designed machine. It features Thunderbolt 3/USB Type-C ports only -- something I think is a wise choice.... betanews 4 days ago - Technology Other recent news in Computer Industry Phil Schiller again defends Touch Bar MACBOOK PRO's 16GB RAM limitation Boot Camp, WINDOWS driver issue may be damaging new MacBook Pro speakers INSTAGRAM is shaking things up with live video and disappearing messages Apple Teases One-Day BLACK FRIDAY Shopping Event MICROSOFT puts quantum computing higher on its hardware priority list RIP AirPort? Apple may abandon WIRELESS ROUTERS and Time Capsule GOOGLE Will Tell You How Crowded Places Are in Real Time When will your phone get ANDROID NOUGAT? Twitter Facebook Page People Donald Trump Kanye West Roddy Piper Barack Obama Mike Pence Current Topics School Bus Tennessee Mexico City Spotlight 📺 Live TV 📺 ONP TV Movie Reviews Totally Aesthetic Staff Stories MOVIE REVIEW: A Street Cat Named Bob The 'Snooper's Charter' Swoops Into The UK: Will You Be Affected? 7 in 10 firms planning to increase or maintain innovation spending in light of Brexit - CBI survey The Mystery of London's KILLER FOG has just been solved MOVIE REVIEW: Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them What Next For AirBnB? Tour Guides, That's What Why You Could Soon Be Protected On The Road With a $5 Paper Helmet DOCTOR WHO: Is Season 10 The Last For Peter Capaldi? Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2016 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH Top Stories  • Video •  Live TV new Staff Stories Most Popular Front Page News All Latest One News Page > News Videos > Apple Music Acquires Carpool Karaoke Apple Music Acquires Carpool Karaoke Duration: 00:41s - Published: on July 26, 2016< > Embed Apple Music has acquired James Corden's Carpool Karaoke, the Emmy-nominated segment from The Late Late Show on CBS. The segment will now be a standalone series for Apple's streaming service. 16 episodes of Carpool Karaoke have been ordered and they will stream to Apple Music members in 100 countries. An episode will be released weekly. Corden won't be hosting the show but he'll be one of the executive producers. 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Transcript: Apple Music Acquires Carpool Karaoke Apple Music has acquired James Corden's Carpool Karaoke, the Emmy-nominated segment from The Late Late Show on CBS. The segment will now be a standalone series for Apple's streaming service. 16 episodes of Carpool Karaoke have been ordered and they will stream to Apple Music members in 100 countries. An episode will be released weekly. Corden won't be hosting the show but he'll be one of the executive producers. Recent related news James Corden's Crazy Medley with Anna Kendrick Proves Why He's the Perfect Choice to Host the GrammysCorden is an excellent choice for the Grammys, as his specialty on The Late Late Show is music-based... SeattlePI.com 1 day ago - Entertainment Ola and Apple Music Bring Music to Customers On-the-go through Ola Play*Business Wire India* · Apple Music will be available to stream through the in-car audio surround... Business Wire India 5 hours ago - Press Releases Madonna's Getting Into The Groove With James Cordon Because She's Next On His Carpool Karaoke Passenger List!Madonna FINALLY joining James Corden?! It's just like a prayer! On Wednesday, Her Madgesty revealed... Perez Hilton 1 week ago - Celebrities James Corden to host Grammy Awards following Bruno Mars' hilarious Carpool KaraokeJames Corden was given some AMAZING news[Getty] And 2017 is looking to be even better for the Carpool... OK! 1 day ago - Celebrities Of Course Drake Works Out and Dances To Taylor Swift [VIDEO]What music do you think Drake is playing when he’s working out? If you answered Taylor Swift,... Hip-Hop Wired 2 days ago - EntertainmentAlso reported by •Pitchfork •The Verge Apple Inks Apple Music Deal With Indian Ride-Hailing Company OlaApple has partnered with Indian ride-sharing company Ola to make Apple Music available to customers... MacRumours.com 20 hours ago - Computer IndustryAlso reported by •Digital Trends •AppleInsider Drake Gets Distracted While Singing Taylor Swift in New Apple Music AdApple tonight has posted a new Apple Music ad that continues its "distractingly good" campaign. The... MacRumours.com 3 days ago - Computer IndustryAlso reported by •Pitchfork •The Verge •Perez Hilton •AppleInsider •HNGN Apple Music will stream 808 drum machine documentary firstApple has negotiated a deal with the creators of 808 — a documentary about the seminal Roland... The Verge 1 week ago - Technology You Might Like Facebook Page People Donald Trump Barack Obama Kanye West José Mourinho Ellen DeGeneres Current Topics Nikki Haley Thomas Mair Thanksgiving Day California Spotlight 📺 Live TV 📺 ONP TV Movie Reviews Totally Aesthetic Staff Stories Is Netflix's Streaming Crown About To Be Stolen? Tired Of Movie Remakes? Here's One That's Going Nowhere The Minecraft Movie Is Happening - With a Familiar Lead Tony Blair Thinks 'Jeremy Corbyn Is a Nutter' So He's Returning To Politics MOVIE REVIEW: A Street Cat Named Bob The 'Snooper's Charter' Swoops Into The UK: Will You Be Affected? 7 in 10 firms planning to increase or maintain innovation spending in light of Brexit - CBI survey The Mystery of London's KILLER FOG has just been solved Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2016 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
International Business Times UK News LATEST NEWS UK Crime World Latest News Africa Asia Pacific Middle East The Americas Europe Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Politics LATEST NEWS Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music Culture Royalty Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Feature Reviews Analysis Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Pictures LATEST NEWS Conflict Travel Arts Science Animal & Wildlife Photography Competition Log out Newsletter Signup Search Technology Apple NASDAQ:AAPL Apple acquires artificial intelligence startup Turi for $200m – reports The deal reflects Apple's efforts to gain an edge over Google, Facebook and Amazon in the AI space. By Kedar Grandhi August 6, 2016 05:33 BST Close Embed Feed Apple could be the biggest winner from Pokemon Go's success IBTimes UK <iframe src="http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/videos/embed/19561" width="640" height="360" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"></iframe> Apple is said to have acquired Turi, a machine learning and artificial intelligence (AI) startup, based in Seattle, US. The news was confirmed by various unnamed sources who pegged the deal value at around $200m (£153m; € 180.39m). Upon contacting Apple on the same, the California, US headquartered technology giant said, "Apple buys smaller technology companies from time to time, and we generally do not discuss our purpose or plans," according to GeekWire, an American technology news website. GeekWire said this was a standard comment Apple was known to give after making such acquisitions. Apple has since 2015 made 15 acquisitionsGetty Images It added that the deal reflected Apple's efforts to increase its presence in the Seattle region, where it has been building an engineering presence for the past two years. The Washington city is said to become an epicenter for the emerging AI industry. Another news report citing unnamed sources said that the deal reflected Apple's efforts to gain an edge over Google, Facebook and Amazon in the AI space. The source said these tech giants were particularly interested in a field known as pervasive computing, where the software tries to automatically infer what a user wants. The person added that Turi's technology could be integrated into Siri, Apple's intelligent personal assistant and knowledge navigator. This could in turn help define new ways for computers to interact with people, the person added. For Apple, the acquisition comes at a time, when the company is seeing a decline in sales of its flagship product, the iPhone. It has since 2015, made 15 acquisitions of which two are in the AI/machine learning space. These include Perceptio and VocalIQ, both of which are start-ups similar to Turi. Turi, which has raised more than $25m till date, was formerly known as Dato and GraphLab. It began as an open-source project at Carnegie Mellon in 2009. Its products include Turi Machine Learning Platform, GraphLab Create, Turi Distributed, and Turi Predictive Services. These are designed better evaluate data and are used for various purposes such as fraud detection, predicting customer churn, sentiment analysis, customer segmentation and recommendation engines. More from IBTimes UK Apple working on wireless earbuds powered with custom Bluetooth chip - Report Apple releases iOS 9.3.4 with important security patch for iPhone and iPad OxygenOS 2.2.2 rolling out to OnePlus X with various enhancements and bug fixes Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Columnists Alastair Campbell “Clinton voters and Remainers are too gracious in defeat - it's time to become bad losers READ MORE IBT Media to host AI and Data Science in Capital Markets event AI and Data Science in Capital Markets event takes place on 1 and 2... Black Friday 2016: Best headphone deals and discounts Black Friday brings money off top headphone and earphone brands like... What is the Snooper's Charter and should you be worried? Here's everything you need to know The Investigatory Powers Bill will be signed into UK law later this... Black Friday: Best washing machine deals and home appliance discounts The biggest and best discounts on home appliance and white goods from... Don't crucify our geeks: Why Lauri Love's extradition is setting a dangerous precedent Accused of hacking FBI and Nasa systems, Love faces the prospect of... Telegram takes on Tumblr and Medium with anonymous blogging tool called Telegraph Ultra-secure blog site supports embedded content, photos and markdown... Sony accused of censoring negative feedback on its Bravia TVs ahead of Black Friday sales rush Sony has reportedly deleted threads raising issues with its 4K Bravia... Tor Phone: Privacy activists developing super private and secure version of Android Tor Project launching new version of Tor-enabled Android phone... Apple and Samsung must block phone use while driving, urge road safety regulators US road safety agency issues guidelines for phone makers to curb... Snooper's Charter spy law could be 'badly misused' by a future government expert warns Academic Paul Bernal slammed UK Labour Party for 'political... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Subscribe Xconomy Intersect → ▾ Xconomy Seattle Xperience Tech + Life▾ IRobot Pushes Deeper Into Japan With $14M+ Purchase of Distributor 3 Questions as DraftKings, FanDuel Agree to Fantasy Sports Merger This Old Coffee Factory in San Antonio Might Upend Manufacturing Missed a Live Virtual Reality Show? AltspaceVR Now Has Reruns GetHuman Arms Itself With $3M to Fight Customer Service Battles View More in Xperience › EXOME Biotech + Health▾ Two More Deaths In Trial Halt Juno’s Top CAR-T Treatment Again Amyloid Hypothesis Takes a Hit As Lilly’s Alzheimer’s Drug Fails Again Precision Medicine In Trump Era? California Presses Own Modest Program Syngenta, Bayer Try ‘Open Innovation’ to Find Next Big Agtech Idea What’s Hot in Boston Healthtech: The Photos View More in EXOME › Our Regions▾ Boston › Boston Tech Watch: Dyn’s Payday, Self-Driving Car Tests, Akamai HQ View More in Boston › Boulder/Denver › With Reverse Merger, Miragen to Go Public, Get $40M Boost From Investors View More in Boulder/Denver › Detroit/Ann Arbor › MSU Foundation Invests $5M in Red Cedar Ventures Fund View More in Detroit/Ann Arbor › Indiana › Amyloid Hypothesis Takes a Hit As Lilly’s Alzheimer’s Drug Fails Again View More in Indiana › New York › Acorda Leans on Parkinson’s Drugs After Post-Stroke Study Fails View More in New York › Raleigh-Durham › Syngenta, Bayer Try ‘Open Innovation’ to Find Next Big Agtech Idea View More in Raleigh-Durham › San Diego › Xconomy Special Report: 12 San Diego Tech Startups to Watch in 2017 View More in San Diego › San Francisco › Precision Medicine In Trump Era? California Presses Own Modest Program View More in San Francisco › Seattle › Two More Deaths In Trial Halt Juno's Top CAR-T Treatment Again View More in Seattle › Texas › Under Terrier, NASA’s JSC Seeks to Support Space Innovation View More in Texas › Wisconsin › MoolaPitch’s Crowdfunding Site Connects WI Startups, Investors View More in Wisconsin › Tech Channels ▾ Agtech and Food› A Video Feast: Foodspotting, Foodzie Headline a Food Startup Gathering in San Francisco View More in Agtech and Food › Cleantech› Disruptors: Boosting Houston’s Healthcare Innovation Ecosystem View More in Cleantech › Cybersecurity› Factom Snags $4.2M Series A for Record-Encrypting Blockchain Tech View More in Cybersecurity › Education› Press Institute Teams with Newsela to Make Kids Savvier News Consumers View More in Education › EXOME: Biotech + Health› Last Chance to Save on Boston’s Life Science Disruptors on 10/20 View More in EXOME › Fintech› Boston Tech Deals: Nokia, Altiostar, Gridco, Virtudent, & More View More in Fintech › Healthtech› Water Metering Startup Wins Vote for “Best Demo” at EvoNexus Event View More in Healthtech › Robotics and A.I.› Boston Tech Watch: Inclusive Tech, Drones, Layoffs, Alcohol, & More View More in Robotics and A.I. › Startups› With Epic Ties, HealthX Raises $20M First Fund, Reveals Investments View More in Startups › Xperience: Tech + Life› Press Institute Teams with Newsela to Make Kids Savvier News Consumers View More in Xperience › Meet the Xconomists ▾ Brooks Bell Founder and CEO of Brooks Bell Inc. Bill Davenhall Senior health advisor for Esri Carol Gallagher Partner at New Enterprise Associates Art Mellor CEO of Zero Locus Meet All the Xconomists › Brooks Bell Founder and CEO of Brooks Bell Inc. Andy Nunemaker CEO of Dynamis Corporation Bill Clarke Medical College of Wisconsin director of research commercialization Andy Liu Co-Founder, BuddyTV Our Events ▾ December 6, 2016 · San Francisco Xconomy Presents: State of the Biotech Union December 8, 2016 · Boston Xconomy Forum: The State of Cybersecurity December 8, 2016 · Seattle Xconomy Intersect: Innovating Where Disciplines Collide All Xconomy Events › Boston Events › Boulder/Denver Events › Detroit/Ann Arbor Events › Indiana Events › New York Events › Raleigh-Durham Events › San Diego Events › San Francisco Events › Seattle Events › Texas Events › Wisconsin Events › Seattle Home Seattle Events Archives Xconomists VC / M&A Deals Report: Seattle Machine Learning Star Turi Acquired by Apple Benjamin Romano August 5th, 2016 @bromano @xconomy Like Us Share Share on Facebook Share on Twitter LinkedIn Email Reprints One of Seattle’s foremost machine learning startup companies, Turi—formerly known as GraphLab and then Dato—appears to have been acquired by Apple, according to press reports. GeekWire first reported the news, citing anonymous sources close to the deal. TechCrunch also reported the acquisition. Both quote an Apple statement indicating the tech giant has purchased the company. A search of Washington state records shows the corporate registration for Turi, Inc., expired April 30 and became inactive on Thursday. Calls and e-mails to Turi executives and its Fremont neighborhood headquarters were not answered Friday afternoon. With a reported sale price of around $200 million—again according to unnamed sources cited by GeekWire—the exit would appear to be a substantial win for Turi’s founders and investors. The company, co-founded in early 2013 by Carlos Guestrin, Joseph Gonzalez, Danny Bickson, Haijie Gu, and Yucheng Low, raised $6.75 million from Seattle-based Madrona Venture Group and New Enterprise Associates in May of that year. Guestrin. In early 2015, the company announced an $18.5 million Series B funding round led by Paul Allen’s investment vehicle Vulcan Capital, and Opus Capital Ventures, along with existing investors. (Oddly, no record of that funding could be found in the Securities and Exchange Commission’s online database under any of the company’s names, nor by searching Guestrin’s name.) The idea underpinning Turi began in the halls of Carnegie Mellon University, where Guestrin was an associate professor, five years before founding the company. He led a group working on large-scale machine learning algorithms to extract and analyze relationships between entities in multi-dimensional graph datasets. Facing limits of existing software, Guestrin’s group developed GraphLab—a name inspired by Guestrin’s Labrador retriever—to parse these modern databases. “We threw it out into the open source community, kind of as an afterthought,” Guestrin said in a 2013 interview. The community ran with it. GraphLab the company was formed to commercialize the technology and make it easier to use for people outside of the data science priesthood. Now its products enable companies to quickly implement predictive applications and other advanced machine learning methods for things like recommendations, churn prediction, and fraud detection. Guestrin referenced his dog again to explain the intelligent applications his company helps developers build. A dog, Guestrin said at Madrona’s machine learning and artificial intelligence conference in Seattle this spring, “listens to commands. It observes something about the world. And, in real time, makes decisions. For example, what does he have to do to go fetch that ball? But what makes my dog really interesting is that he can learn over time how to take those actions better.” That dog might have been a Pittsburgh, PA-based startup if not for the influence and money of one Jeff Bezos, and others in Seattle’s tech industry. Guestrin and his spouse, Emily Fox, were recruited to the University of Washington in 2012, where they both remain Amazon Professors of Machine Learning. On short notice, Bezos ponied up $2 million to endow their professorships. Microsoft Research head Peter Lee was also instrumental in recruiting the pair to the region. A poster of GraphLab in the New Ventures Facility. Turi began life in the University of Washington’s New Ventures Facility, a startup incubator now known as CoMotion Labs. In a year there, it grew there from four employees to 23, says Vikram Jandhyala, UW vice president for innovation strategy and executive director of CoMotion. The company is not based on any UW intellectual property, and the UW has no equity position, so the acquisition won’t result in a financial return for the university. But Jandhyala was nonetheless excited to read of the acquisition, as it underscores the new emphasis at CoMotion, which is looking to help startup companies grow even if they don’t have an explicit link to the UW. In this case, of course, the on-campus incubator space made it easier for Guestrin to be both a professor and a startup CEO, and helped with access to resources, advisers, and VCs, Jandhyala says. “It was a great story for our incubator,” he says. It’s not immediately clear what Turi’s future holds inside of Apple, but the reports say the team is likely to remain in Seattle and bolster the company’s presence here, and its capabilities in Turi’s areas of expertise. Benjamin Romano is editor of Xconomy Seattle. Email him at bromano [at] xconomy.com. Follow @bromano Share on Facebook Share on Twitter LinkedIn Email Reprints More from Xconomy Seattle Week in Review: Healthcare IT, Machine Learning, and the 12s Is Your Machine Learning Algorithm Smarter Than a Dog? Seattle Roundup: Dolly, ISB, Machine Learning, & More Trending on Xconomy Cord Cutting: How to Get High-Speed Internet Service Without Cable What’s Hot in Boston Healthtech: The Photos Xconomy Special Report: 12 San Diego Tech Startups to Watch in 2017 X Xconomy Intersect: Innovating Where Disciplines Collide Join us December 8 for a unique view of the crossroads from which the next big idea may emerge December 8, 2016 Register today! Underwriters and Partners From Our Advertisers The Fractured State of Sales Enablement & Training OnDemand Webinar Allego How Wisconsin is cultivating startup success New report highlights entrepreneurial programs available statewide Wisconsin Economic Development Corporation Connect with Xconomy Xconomy on Demand Did you miss something? Don't despair… Xconomy offers a number of ways to subscribe for free! Subscribe Now Home Privacy/DMCA Security Disclosures About Contact Us Archives Advertise Subscribe for Free Business, life sciences, and technology news — covering Boston, Seattle, San Diego, Detroit/Ann Arbor, San Francisco, New York, Raleigh-Durham, Boulder/Denver, Texas, Wisconsin, Indiana, and beyond. © 2007-2016, Xconomy, Inc. Xconomy is a registered service mark of Xconomy, Inc. All rights reserved. Website development support from Andrew Koyfman with design support from Rob Hunter.
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  iOS App  Calendar  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Take Control Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1335, 29 Aug 16 #1334, 22 Aug 16 #1333, 15 Aug 16 #1332, 08 Aug 16 #1331, 01 Aug 16 #1330, 25 Jul 16 #1329, 18 Jul 16 #1328, 11 Jul 16 #1327, 04 Jul 16 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members ScanSnap Smile   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the best-selling Take Control ebooks.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist Alfred 3.2 Microsoft Office 2016 15.28 and Office 2011 14.7 Hazel 4.0.8 Slack for Mac 2.3.2 Postbox 5.0.7 ChronoSync 4.7.1 1Password 6.5.1 Pixelmator 3.6 Quicken 2017 for Mac 4.3 Airfoil 5.5.1     Related Articles iPad Pro Charges Faster with MacBook Adapter and New Cable (27 Apr 16) Three Alternatives to the iPad Pro’s Smart Keyboard (08 Feb 16)     Published in TidBITS 1331. Subscribe to our weekly email edition. Apple Beats Expectations in Q3 2016, but Slump Continues Getting Started with the Philips Hue Smart Light Bulbs TidBITS Watchlist: Notable Software Updates for 1 August 2016 ExtraBITS for 1 August 2016     Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. iPhone iPad iPod | 28 Jul 2016 | Print  | Comment (4) Comparing iPad Pro Technologies and Intangibles by Julio Ojeda-Zapata The iPad Pro, released in a 12.9-inch model in September 2015 and a 9.7-inch flavor in March 2016, has been touted as a breed apart. Though the iPad Pros resemble previous iPad models, they’re tricked out with a magnetic Smart Connector for use with a Smart Keyboard cover, and they also work with the new Apple Pencil stylus. Apple’s emphasis with the iPad Pro is on productivity, an angle I’ve embraced with gusto. Though I have long been fond of writing and doing other work on an iPad, the iPad Pro has taken over for an Apple laptop as my preferred workhorse while on the go. The question is, which iPad Pro? There’s the rub. I’ve made extensive use of both models in recent months and love them both for different reasons. While they seem nearly identical on the surface – apart from size and weight, of course – they are quite distinct in some ways. The newer 9.7-inch model boasts certain advanced features that its older 12.9-inch sibling lacks, while the big iPad Pro outpaces the smaller one in several significant ways. Advantages of the 9.7-inch iPad Pro -- The smaller iPad Pro, because it’s newer, incorporates cutting-edge technology that presumably wasn’t ready when Apple released the bigger iPad Pro. Display: Apple advertises the small iPad Pro as having the “brightest and least reflective” screen anywhere, with colors that “are more vivid, true to life and engaging.” It adds that the smaller tablet “uses the same color space as the digital cinema industry,” with a wider color gamut that gives the device up to 25 percent greater color saturation than previous models. Fair enough, but I’m not sure I would have noticed this without being prompted. And, after much squinting at the two displays, I can’t honestly think a user of the bigger iPad would feel cheated. In another respect, the display on the smaller tablet is starkly different. It offers a “True Tone” screen with built-in sensors that alter its appearance based on ambient lighting conditions. This feature adjusts the display color and intensity to match lighting around it. I found True Tone jarring at first but grew to like it. Peering at the two iPads in my customarily dim home office on a late afternoon, for instance, the screen on the larger iPad Pro had a decidedly bluish tint while the smaller iPad appeared warmer and more inviting. True Tone is different and separate from the Night Shift feature that aims to make a screen more comfortable to read in low-light conditions. True Tone and Night Shift often seem to behave similarly, although Night Shift is based on timers and not physical sensors. I solved the confusion by keeping Night Shift switched off on the 9.7-inch iPad. Cellular access: Integrated support for cellular data connections in some iPad models sets them apart from Apple laptops, none of which can yet boast such connectivity. However, the two iPad Pro models have different cellular capabilities. The 9.7-inch model supports a cellular data feature called LTE Advanced that is available from some carriers, including AT&T. LTE Advanced can boost Internet performance dramatically. In my speed tests, cellular downloads tended to be as much as 50 percent faster on the smaller iPad Pro model than on the large one. Apple also eliminated the need for an add-in Apple SIM in the 9.7-inch iPad Pro, though the tablet still has a nano-SIM tray if your carrier requires a physical SIM. Instead, it has a new feature called embedded Apple SIM that internalizes the SIM card’s features. Regardless of whether the Apple SIM is embedded or not, it exists to make life easier for those who need cellular service in foreign lands. Obtaining a physical SIM for such service has been a longtime ritual for overseas travelers, but Apple SIM users can sign up for cellular service right on their tablets as they move from place to place. So the difference between the two Apple SIM types seems a minor one, allowing most users of the smaller iPad Pro to ignore the nano-SIM tray. Camera and photos: People like taking photos with their iPads, no matter how awkward it may look, and those who do should know that the cameras on the iPad Pro models differ in significant respects. The larger iPad has an 8-megapixel rear-facing camera with an f/2.4 aperture that shoots 1080p video. Its front-facing camera has a 1.2-megapixel resolution with an f/2.2 aperture and takes 720p video. Neither camera has a flash, which is a distinct disadvantage. The smaller iPad has a 12-megapixel rear-facing camera with an f/2.2 aperture that shoots 4K video. It adds a True Tone flash, found on certain iPhone models, whose white and amber LEDs can produce more than 1000 different color temperatures to achieve a better white balance. Its front-facing camera has a 1.2-megapixel resolution with an f/2.2 aperture and shoots 720p video. It adds a Retina Flash feature that, as on the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, turns the screen into a flash and makes for an unusual selfie experience as the screen momentarily turns bright white for subtle illumination. The smaller iPad can take Live Photos, a capability absent from the larger model. Hey Siri: Only the smaller iPad boasts the always-on feature that puts Apple’s intelligent assistant at your beck and call. Advantages of the 12.9-inch iPad Pro -- The larger of the iPad Pro models, though older, is superior to the small one in several tangible ways. Lightning port: The Lightning port on the bigger iPad incorporates the zippy USB 3.0, while the one on the smaller iPad offers only the slower USB 2.0. This difference likely means little to most people, but it has serious ramifications for certain types of users, such as photographers. “For photographers who want to transfer photos for review or editing from a camera to the iPad, this is almost crippling,” my TidBITS colleague Jeff Carlson recently observed on his personal blog. Jeff found that transferring 1.5 GB of images took 30 seconds via USB 3 and 2 minutes 20 seconds via USB 2. Performance: Though roughly similar to the 9.7-inch model in terms of internal specs, the 12.9-inch model offers slightly superior performance. It has 4 GB of RAM, compared to the smaller tablet’s 2 GB. And while both tablets have an A9X chip, both raw processing and graphics are zippier on the larger iPad. Honestly, though, I seldom noticed the difference while using both iPads. Faster charging: As I noted in “iPad Pro Charges Faster with MacBook Adapter and New Cable” (27 April 2016), charge times on the large iPad can be reduced by about half by swapping out its standard charger for the 29-watt USB-C Power Adapter that comes with the 12-inch MacBook and pairing it with one of Apple’s new USB-C to Lightning cables. The fast-charging capability in the 12.9-inch iPad makes this trick possible; alas, the 9.7-inch model lacks the fast-charging feature. The Intangibles -- In many ways, purchasing an iPad is a highly personal decision. One potential buyer might find the larger iPad Pro too big and heavy, while it might be just right for another. For some, the version of the Smart Keyboard for the 9.7-inch iPad might feel intolerably cramped, but not for others. I’ll focus here on my experiences while broadening my discussion to include others who might be considering a purchase. Smart Keyboard: The dimensions of the Smart Keyboard for the bigger iPad are deliciously ample. I expected the smaller Smart Keyboard, like other keyboards and keyboard cases designed for 9.7-inch iPads models, to feel scrunched to me. However, my concerns were laid to rest when I started using it. I did serious work on the thing with little discomfort. Your mileage may vary; I recommend trying both in a store. Screen considerations: The larger iPad’s generous screen size can be critically important for some people. On the larger iPad, each side of the screen in Split View has as much display area as the smaller iPad’s display, which is great for productivity. Split View on the smaller iPad is less useful given the narrowness of each panel. This, of course, assumes app developers have updated their offerings to support Split View. Some have not. As I’ve previously noted, Google’s refusal to implement this basic feature in some of its iOS apps (such as Google Docs, which I’m using to type these words) is one of the great mysteries of the universe. That issue impacts both iPad Pro models, but there’s a related one that involves only the big iPad. In many cases, developers have been slow about updating apps to take advantage of the 12.9-inch screen. I’m looking at you, Facebook. Google has been maddeningly inconsistent in this regard, updating some apps (such as Inbox) but not others (like Gmail). Size and weight: At just under 1 pound (454 g), the 9.7-inch iPad Pro feels much more portable than the 12.9-inch model, which weighs 1.6 pounds (726 g). The larger iPad Pro initially struck me as ridiculously large. It seems like a cafeteria tray – and I have even used it to transport meals from the kitchen to the front porch a few times. For those with similar concerns but lusting after that big screen, I’d suggest a couple of strategies. Go for the Smart Cover (and, optionally, the matching Silicone Case) instead of the bulkier Smart Keyboard. With the cover and the case, the 12.9-inch iPad Pro struck me as a thin and light laptop. Then, when you need it, add an external Bluetooth keyboard. There are many such options, some of which I covered in “Three Alternatives to the iPad Pro’s Smart Keyboard” (8 February 2016). One of the accessories in that article, the Zagg Messenger Universal, remains my favorite as a large and comfy keyboard with an integrated fold-out stand that is more than stable enough to hold the larger iPad (in either portrait or landscape orientation). I get a ton of work done on it at home. The Zagg Messenger Universal is thin enough that I have been known to take it on the road with the iPad despite the added weight and bulk, though it is mostly for home use. Keyboard cases for the larger iPad Pro don’t make a lot of sense to me — why bulk up the already large device? They make more sense for the smaller iPad. Again, numerous options are available. I prefer Zagg’s Rugged Book, which bulks up the tablet a bit, but seems indestructible (I throw it into my bike pannier every morning for my commute without a second thought) and has four positioning/viewing modes. The tablet detaches, as well, when I just want a touch experience. When I need to type, the Rugged Book’s keyboard feels fantastic, though, of course, a bit cramped. Be sure to buy the version for the iPad Pro. The similar iPad Air 2 model will fit the iPad Pro form factor, but does not have its magnets correctly positioned to activate the tablet’s sleep mode when the lid is closed. Conclusion -- Most people won’t have both iPad Pro models available to compare. I’m lucky to have both versions on loan from Apple, which has been a revealing experience. I’ve found a role for each tablet. The larger iPad Pro is mostly for home use – on my front-porch workstation, for instance, when I want to get some serious work done while enjoying a bit of fresh air. The smaller iPad Pro is my mobile model. It goes with me everywhere. I tuck it into a small messenger bag if I’m walking, chuck it into my pannier when biking, and have it with me in my car at all times. If I had to choose? I’d get the 9.7-inch model because it does everything the bigger tablet can, though sometimes in a more cramped manner, and it has some cool new features. You’ll make your own decision based on your particular set of needs and circumstances, but you can’t lose. Both models are great, though with key differences that you should mull over carefully before making your purchase.   READERS LIKE YOU! Support TidBITS by becoming a member today! Check out the perks at <http://tidbits.com/member_benefits.html> Special thanks to William Shack, Elizabeth Castro, Edward Anders, and THEODORE ELLIS for their generous support!   Comments about Comparing iPad Pro Technologies and Intangibles (Comments are closed.) Ex2bot  2016-07-28 14:12 I'm using RooCASE's Origami "smartcase" for my 12.9" iPad Pro (bought from Amazon). It's only $15, but it's done a good job of protecting my iPad. I don't know how well it does protecting the iPad in the event of a fall. Thankfully, I haven't dropped it yet. I noticed Apple seems to have made their case back very thick. The Origami isn't nearly as thick. Maybe the extra thickness is necessary to protect in a fall, not sure. The corners on the Origami are reinforced, and they protect the screen by extending slightly above the screen. Very good cover / case. Barry Z  2016-07-28 21:43 Question. Do u know whether either of the iPads can be connected to a monitor for home use. If so this way u get the advantage of a larger screen (monitor) when home and portability when on the road?? RickC63  2016-07-29 08:21 Yes, Apple makes a lightning to HDMI adapter for about $50. It includes an additional lightning port for charging while using the adapter. e  2016-08-02 12:24 Apple needs to update the 12" ipad, and also stop hamstringing the smaller one. It's only using 2 cores of the processor vs. the 12" which uses all 4. They intentionally disable/hamstring/restrict the performance of the 9.7" pro to not eclipse the 12".  Search   Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2016 Julio Ojeda-Zapata TidBITS is copyright © 2016 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Drone flyover shows Apple’s spaceship construction progress in sweet 4K Chris Smith BGR NewsAugust 6, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Apple is building a new headquarters of epic proportions, the new Apple Campus 2, also known as Apple’s spaceship project. This new video captured by a drone shows us the construction progress. DON’T MISS: The only bad cell company is Sprint Matthew Roberts periodically flies his DJI Phantom 3 Professional drone over the construction site, recording the progress made in gorgeous 4K video. Aside from the main building, there are several other buildings that Apple is developing, including a massive R&D center, a 100,000 square foot fitness center, and a brand new auditorium for its product unveiling events. There’s plenty of parking space underneath these buildings, which will be covered by huge solar panels that will power Apple’s impressive new campus. It only takes a look at that massive mountain of dirt next to the project to realize how large the project it. Speaking of said mountain, it seems that landscaping has already started, which means the mountain will be shrinking. Check out the full video below, while a similar clip showing the status of the project at the end of May is available at this link. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1F6PFRxvu_0 Trending right now: Ultimate Pokemon Go cheat lets you walk anywhere in the game without moving an inch Brand new Pokemon Go hack helps you locate Pokestops and gyms Watch Christopher Waltz explain why the Galaxy Note 7 is the perfect phone for America See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Donald Trump’s advisors are lying to him Quartz iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech A laser pointer from the stands helped the Oakland Raiders beat the Texans BGR News How to shop Best Buy’s members-only early Black Friday sale for free, today only BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
Breaking News Trump chooses foreign policy novice as ambassador to U.N. Trump taps Michigan Republican DeVos for education secretary: reports Big banks' relationship with Dodd-Frank: it's complicated U.S. factory, consumer sentiment data brighten economic outlook Trump won with lowest minority vote in decades, fueling divisions U.S. retailers push deals early as Black Friday loses focus Civilians flee as Shi'ite fighters near flashpoint town near Mosul Exclusive: Microsoft set to win EU approval for LinkedIn buy - sources Carson talks with Trump team, says he can make 'inner cities great' Judge blocks Obama rule extending overtime pay to 4.2 million U.S. workers Wed 23 Nov 2016 - 23 Safar 1438 Editor-in-Chief Abdullah Salim Al Shueili Home Head stories Local International Analysis Business Sports Features Magazines Weekend National Day 45 Mazoon Duqm The Vision Oman Logistics Aqar Oman Opal Magazine More Main My Voice Blogs Weekend Health Environment Technology Culture Saturday Entertainment Editor’s choice Gourmet Cartoon Ask your doctor Books Lifestyle People Spotlight WILDLIFE Auto Videos Observer Archive Home → Business → Apple needs design magic in its India business model Apple needs design magic in its India business model Friday 05th, August 2016 / 19:37 Written by Oman Observer in Business Tim Culpan – Tim Cook needs to be spending a bit more time in India. Apple’s CEO, who’s undertaken many high-profile (and probably a few low-profile) trips to China through the years, is struggling to win over the next big smartphone market. Data released on last week by Strategy Analytics show that sales in India of iOS-enabled smartphones, meaning iPhones, fell 35 per cent in the second quarter from a year earlier. What’s worse, that decline left the US company with just 2.4 per cent of a market that grew 19 per cent. While Apple has experienced decreasing sales and shrinking share in many parts of the world, what’s particularly worrying is its inability to capture customers so early in the Indian market’s development. It’s true that the second quarter is often a trough for iPhone sales, because it occupies that dead zone between old and new devices in Apple’s annual release cycle. Yet such a deep plunge indicates just how little loyalty Cook and his design chief Jony Ive have managed to build for its products. Even in China, where Apple slipped to No 5 during the same period, the company still managed to garner a 6.7 per cent share of a much larger market. The risk for Apple is not in this quarter’s or next quarter’s earnings, but in building a habit among Indian consumers to use and rely on Apple’s iOS ecosystem. Selling just 800,000 phones in a quarter isn’t going to get the market addicted. Swapping between Android and iOS is notoriously cumbersome, despite attempts by both camps to make it easier. Cook surely realises that if smartphone users buy into, and enjoy, the Android OS, it will be a mammoth challenge to convince them to swap over to his higher-priced offering. An obvious workaround is to start selling cheaper devices, but that’s a strategy Apple knows is fraught with risks. For one thing, once a price standard is set it becomes ingrained in consumers’ minds, making subsequent increases almost impossible. And Cook doesn’t want to start selling cheap phones globally. Price is as much part of the iPhone brand as its design and ecosystem, and avoiding price wars has been a point of pride for the company. While Apple could, in theory, release a cheap phone just for India, stopping exports out of the country would be difficult. It also would be out of sync with the strategy of making devices that are global and universal. Another way, expensive and by no means assured, would be for Apple itself to subsidise its phones through telecom operators or other outlets that could lock consumers into contracts in return for cheaper upfront pricing. There are many reasons why that might fail, including the fact that most Indian connections are pre-paid. — Bloomberg About the author View all articles by Oman Observer ← Asian stock markets mostly up after BoE rate cut, stimulus Crude slump sees oil majors’ debt burden double to $138 billion → ← Previous Next → Search Recent Posts Recent Colombia, FARC to sign new peace deal today Christmas tree at Chancellory LIVE-fire EXERCISE Study warns more hurricanes likely to hit northeast US Read More ... Facebook Twitter 11 hours ago@paew_oman reports of a leak in water pumping station in Wadi Adei. /t.co/rd6kOSpvMX 13 hours agoMan who saved kids from car honoured /t.co/vxdpy9J4d4 @RoyalOmanPolice /t.co/rkFNgOEuav 14 hours agoOAMC signs MoU with DHL Express for logistics services @DHLExpressUAE @OAMCmedia /t.co/6n9xF2LYai Home Archives Sitemap Contact Us LATEST NEWS Editor’s choice Gourmet Entertainment 2016 © All right reserved for Oman Establishment for Press, Publication and Advertising (OEPPA)
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Tech Giants at the Debt Buffet By Lisa Abramowicz Shira Ovide Photographer: China Photos/Getty Images Markets Lisa Abramowicz Lisa Abramowicz is a Bloomberg Gadfly columnist covering the debt markets. She has written about debt markets for Bloomberg News since 2010. Follow @lisaabramowicz1 Shira Ovide Shira Ovide is a Bloomberg Gadfly columnist covering technology. She previously was a reporter for the Wall Street Journal. Follow @ShiraOvide Facebook Twitter Email Print Share Aug 5, 2016 9:22 AM EDT MICROSOFT CORP -0.78 As of 1:28 PM EST 60.34 USD ALPHABET INC-CL A -11.19 As of 1:28 PM EST 773.81 USD Technology companies have sold more than $100 billion of bonds so far this year, which seems like a lot considering that's equal to the size of Ecuador's economy and bond issuance is poised to set a new record. But it's really not. It's a drop in the bucket for these companies. And it would be surprising if the tech bond binge doesn't accelerate in the coming months and years. Already this year, tech companies have sold about as much investment-grade U.S. debt as they did in all of 2015, and double the level of 2014.  Tech Explosion Technology companies are selling U.S. bonds at an accelerating pace this year Source: Bloomberg Apple, Microsoft and Google parent company Alphabet are responsible for more than 40 percent of the 2016 tech bond sales. Those three companies don't really need the money; they have a combined $423 billion in cash plus short- and long-term securities. But most of their cash is parked overseas, and if the companies tapped the cash they would have to pay U.S. corporate income taxes. Bond buyers are helping fill the cash gap. Microsoft this week sold $19.75 billion in bonds to help pay for its proposed acquisition of LinkedIn. Apple in recent days sold $7 billion in bonds -- its seventh multibillion-dollar debt sale since 2013 -- to finance its huge share repurchases and dividends to stockholders. Alphabet is using its $2 billion of fresh bond sales to repay old debt. Combined Cash of Apple, Microsoft and Alphabet $423 Billion Combined, the companies are paying roughly $4.6 billion of coupon payments on all their bonds. That's equal to less than a week of Apple's sales. And it's laughably dinky compared with the $130 billion these companies would have to pay in taxes if they repatriated the cash they hold overseas. The Taxman (Doesn't) Cometh Microsoft, Apple and Google's parent company hold most of their cash and investments abroad, where they aren't subject to U.S. taxes. If they paid income taxes on the overseas cash, it would amount to a collective $130 billion. Sources: the companies Note: Cash and investments are as of the end of June. Apple's cash holdings also include long-term securities. Let's say Apple, Microsoft and Alphabet didn't raise money through bond sales and opted to bring money home from some other country. They'd have to pay about $59.5 billion in taxes. In comparison, that $4.6 billion looks like pocket change. And it's even more of a bargain than it looks. These tech companies also get favorable tax treatment for incurring debt because any interest paid is deducted from its pretax profits. What's more, they're borrowing at ever-lower rates and for longer periods. Microsoft just sold $2.25 billion of bonds that mature in 2056 and are paying a coupon of 3.95 percent. That's equivalent to the yield on 10-year U.S. Treasuries back in 2007. So you'd think perhaps investors would be wary about buying this stuff, right? After all, who knows what the world will be like in 40 years. Consider that 40 years ago, Microsoft was a year old. But investors aren't wary at all. They're fighting each other to buy these bonds. There was so much demand for Microsoft's bonds that the tech behemoth ended up paying a lower rate than it initially offered, and prices on the debt still rose after its initial sale, trading up almost 2 cents on the dollar in the three days after its issuance. Price Surge Microsoft's $2.25 billion of 40-year bonds have risen since they were first sold Source: Trace, Bloomberg The only loser here is the U.S. tax collector. Is it good that tax laws are encouraging these companies to leverage up their balance sheets rather than pay taxes? Probably not. But you can't blame the companies. Forget banks, tech companies are the modern financial innovators. From their perspective, and the perspective of the buyers of their bonds, it's a slam dunk. This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of Bloomberg LP and its owners. That is assuming the three companies paid the 35 percent corporate income tax rate on the collective $369 billion they hold in non-U.S. subsidiaries.   To contact the authors of this story: Lisa Abramowicz in New York at labramowicz@bloomberg.net Shira Ovide in New York at sovide@bloomberg.net To contact the editor responsible for this story: Daniel Niemi at dniemi1@bloomberg.net Leaping Deere Leaping Deere Deere shares spiked to a record after the company reported earnings that weren't as awful as expected Source: Bloomberg Overkill Enough Fawning Over Deere Industrials Brooke Sutherland Leaky Roofs Leaky Roofs Foxtons shares have been hit hard by the Brexit vote but have also underperformed web-based peers Source: Bloomberg Fee Fail Tech's Big Chance to Help Generation Rent Real Estate Lionel Laurent That Sounds Gross $1.32 Fine-Tuning AT&T Plays It Forward Tech Rani Molla Annual Revenue From PC Hardware $174 billion Hold the Eulogy Don't Write Off the PC Just Yet Tech Shira Ovide Peaked Interest Peaked Interest The market expectations for a Fed interest rate increase in December have hit 100% Source: Bloomberg Switchback Bond Market's November Surprise Markets Lisa Abramowicz Wrong Way Wrong Way Rocket Internet's shares are far below their initial public offering price Source: Bloomberg Startup Factory Rocket Internet's Trajectory Shift Tech Leila Abboud Back in Black Back in Black The big five panel manufacturers have posted enough profit in 2016 to wipe out two-and-a-half years of aggregate losses Source: Bloomberg Note: Shows aggregate net income for JinkoSolar, Trina Solar, JA Solar, Canadian Solar, and Yingli Green Energy. Hanwha Q Cells hasn't been included because changes to its corporate structure make long-range data confusing. September 2016 quarter doesn't include figures for Trina and Yingli. Sun kings Solar's Feast in Famine Energy David Fickling No Holiday No Holiday Thomas Cook's shares deserve their discount on a forward P/E basis to rival TUI Source: Bloomberg Intelligence Rollercoaster Reward Thomas Cook's Christmas Gift Consumer Andrea Felsted BAT's Reynolds American Proposal $45 billion Step Away Check Those Animal Spirits Deals Chris Hughes Year China blocked the world's largest social network 2009 Not Cool Savvy Beats Censorship in China Tech Tim Culpan An extra £25 billion could be Doable Don't Go Crazy Hammond Can Win the Gilt Market Markets Marcus Ashworth Bleeding Fast Bleeding Fast The iShares Emerging Market Bonds ETF saw its worst week of outflows since 2011 Source: Bloomberg painful reality No, Emerging Market Bonds Aren't Cheap Yet Markets Christopher Langner Shrinking Breadth Shrinking Breadth The benchmark Thai index had more losers on Monday than winners Belly Up That Sound? It's Thai Canaries Falling Off Their Perch Consumer Andy Mukherjee KKR's Last Take-Private 30 Months Turning Japanese KKR Breaks a Certain Buyout Drought Gillian Tan Cohen's Early Bet on Passive Investing $2 million Playing Against Type Steven Cohen's Passive Aggressiveness Markets Lisa Abramowicz Expected 2020 Sales For Diabetes Combos Approved Monday $1.7 Billion No Panacea Dueling Diabetes Duos Won't End Price Pressure Health Max Nisen Cents and Sensitivity Oil's Best Friends Are Trump and OPEC. Uh-Oh. Energy Liam Denning Berkshire's Gain In Market Value Per Share 1964-2015 1,598,284% Warren's World Berkshire's Matter of Trust Industrials Tara Lachapelle Post-Election Drop In Daily Consumer Spending, Per Gallup 10% Make America Shop Again Retail's Trump Rally Is More Hope Than Change Consumer Shelly Banjo Here Comes the Boom Here Comes the Boom After a decade of reducing capital expenditures, the world's banks will have to invest heavily in new technologies Source: Bloomberg * Median value for information available on 2,527 publicly traded banks. Wisdom of crowds Goldman Should Stick to Investment Banking Tech Christopher Langner On Sale On Sale Tesaro's share price took a hit after the company sold shares earlier this month, but it is mounting a comeback Source: Bloomberg Patience Doesn't Pay Biotech Should Cash In Its Trump Bump Health Max Nisen The Parent Trip The Parent Trip The parent company's units reacted much better to news of the deal than the two MLPs actually merging Source: Bloomberg Note: Price movement on Nov. 21st, 2016. Rabbit Warren Energy Transfer and the Art of Transference Energy Liam Denning Crawling Along Crawling Along VW hasn't managed to get its shares back to pre-dieselgate levels Source: Bloomberg Not so Green Volkswagen's Big Gas-Guzzling American Dream Autos Chris Bryant Brexit Banking Fintech's Remedy for Brexit Pain Finance Lionel Laurent Home Field Advantage Home Field Advantage Evercore Partners. which last week named a Goldman veteran as its new chairman, has climbed some 18 percent since Nov. 8, in part due to its sizable U.S. exposure Source: Bloomberg America First Banking in the USA Gillian Tan
Skip to main content Broadcasting and Cable TV Technology TVB Europe Next TV NYC Television Week More AV/PRO AUDIO AV-IQ AudioMedia.com AudioProInternational.com AVNetwork.com Installation-International.com MixOnline.com ProSoundNetwork.com PSNEurope.com ResidentialSystems.com BROADCAST/RADIO/TV/VIDEO Broadcast.it CreativePlanetNetwork.com GovernmentVideo.com Licensing.biz RadioMagOnline.com RadioWorld.com CONSUMER ELECTRONICS/GAMING BikeBiz.com Develop-Online.net MVCuk.com Mobile-ent.biz PCR-Online.biz Twice.com ToyNews-Online.biz EDUCATION Eduwire.com SchoolCIO.com TechLearning.com MUSIC BassPlayer.com Emusician.com GuitarAficionado.com GuitarPlayer.com GuitarWorld.com KeyboardMag.com MI-Pro.co.uk MusicWeek.com RevolverMag.com News Policy National Regulation State Laws/Franchising Courts FCC Distribution Cable Operators Telco TV Internet Video Satellite OTT Content Networks Programming Ratings Sports VOD TV Award Shows Finance Carriage Deals Retransmission Consent Transactions Stocks/Earning Research Advanced Advertising Addressable Digital Ad Insertion Programmatic Audience Measurement Technology SCTE Cable-Tec Expo Next TV TV Everywhere TV Apps Advanced Services Interactive TV HD TV 3D Virtual Reality Marketing Advertising Social Media Customer Service Multicultural Public Service INTX People Addressable AT&T, Dish, WPP Team on Acquisition of Invidi By Jeff Baumgartner Nov 21, 2016 FCC AT&T Defends DirecTV Now, Sponsored Data By John Eggerton Nov 21, 2016 Video More Consumers Edge Toward 4K TVs: Survey By Jeff Baumgartner Nov 21, 2016 Policy Oracle to FCC: Don't Hand Google Keys to Kingdom By John Eggerton Nov 21, 2016 Fox Networks Sign DirecTV Now Deal By Mike Farrell Nov 21, 2016 Eisenach Named to FCC Transition Team By John Eggerton Nov 21, 2016 Blogs As I Was Saying Capital Letters MCN Guest Blog Mixed Signals My Turn On The Money Picture This The Bauminator Translation Please Community Picture This Documentaries: Informing the Present by Remembering the Past By R. Thomas Umstead On The Money Digital in the Details By Mike Farrell MCN Guest Blog OTT: The Future of Content Delivery By Kurt Michel, IneoQuest MCN Guest Blog Privacy Order Would Hike Broadband Prices By Michael J. Horney, Free State Foundation Multichannel Planner -- Nov. 21-Dec. 7, 2016 By MCN Staff MCN Online Extra -- Nov. 21, 2016 By MCN Staff Events Multichannel News Events Webinars Sponsored Webinars NYC TV & Video Week Diversity Discussion Dec 05, 2016 Images Videos Photos Freeze Frame -- Nov. 14, 2016 Nov 14, 2016 Freeze Frame -- Nov. 7, 2016 Nov 07, 2016 FREEZE FRAME -- OCT. 31, 2016 Oct 31, 2016 NYC TV & Video Week 2016 Oct 24, 2016 Tech Broadband Mobile The Bauminator Translation Please Video Voice Wireless Big Data Insights People John Reid Confirmed as Cable & Wireless CEO By Jeff Baumgartner Nov 22, 2016 FCC FCC Vetter Jamison: Do We Need an FCC? By John Eggerton Nov 22, 2016 OTT NBCU, Verizon Add Live Stream to Thanksgiving Day Parade Menu By Jon Lafayette (B&C) Nov 22, 2016 Sports Amazon Eyes Live Sports Streaming: Report By Jeff Baumgartner Nov 22, 2016 Subscribe Subscribe All Access Login Newsletter Digital Edition Customer Service Current Issue Archive Facebook Twitter Rss Search Search News1 Back To Main All News Policy Back To NEWS All Policy National Regulations State Laws/Frachising Courts FCC Distribution Back To NEWS All Distribution Cable Operators Telco TV Internet Video Satellite OTT Content Back To NEWS All Content Networks Programming Ratings Sports VOD Finance Back To NEWS All Finance Carriage Deals Retransmission Content Transactions Stocks/Earnings Research Marketing Back To NEWS All Marketing Advertising Social Media Customer Service Multicultural Technology Back To NEWS All Technology Broadband Wireless Video Mobile Voice TV Everywhere Back To NEWS All TV Everywhere TV Apps Advanced Services Interactive TV HD TV 3D Blogs Back To Main All BLOGS As I Was Saying Capital Letters MCN Guest Blog Mixed Signals My Turn On the Money Picture This Reynolds Rap The Bauminator Translation Please Viewpoint Events Back To Main All Events Multichannel Events Webinars Industry Calendar Cable TV Conventions TV Awrds Shows Images Back To Main All Images Videos Photos Tech Back To Main Broadband Mobile The Bauminator Translation Please Video Voice Wireless Subscribe Back To Main Subscibe All Access Login Newsletters Digital Edition Customer Service Current Issue Archive Search Aug 05 2016 The Bauminator Apple’s New TV Pursuit Is An All-Seeing, All-Knowing Guide: Report Guide in works will aggregate show data across multiple apps, Recode says 8/05/2016 2:30 PM Author: Jeff Baumgartner Follow @thebauminator Having run into a brick wall trying to build an OTT-TV service with national reach and access to local broadcast TV feeds, Apple is now working on a new “digital TV guide” for Apple TV boxes and other Apple devices that would service as a smart aggregation point for other video and TV apps, Recode reported.   The idea, Recode said, is to help users search and access what’s on from individual programmers and MVPDs without having to open up the individual apps.   In many respects, this sounds a lot like what Roku is already doing with its interface/streaming platform via a universal search function that can currently pull app data from more than 50 sources, including ABC, Comedy Central, Crackle, Disney Channel, Google Play, HBO Go, Tubi TV, Netflix, Vudu, and even the TWC TV app (now part of Charter). Expect Comcast’s Xfinity TV app to join that mix as it moves ahead with an integration deal with Roku.   Word of Apple’s new angle emerges after the CE giant failed to cut the deal needed to build its own national pay TV service in large part because programmers and broadcasters balked at Apple’s demands and assertive negotiating style, according to The Wall Street Journal.   “Apple just wants too much,” an industry source familiar with those discussions told me last year.   According to Recode, the current plans also stem from a new single sign-on (SSO) authentication system for TVE apps that Apple will be making available on the Apple TV as well as iOS-powered smartphones and tablets. Adobe and Synacor, which provide authentication systems for programmers and MVPDs, have already announced they are getting behind Apple’s SSO initiative.   Apple, the report said, has been in talks with programmers about obtaining the metadata needed to build the new guide.   Apple CEO Tim Cook cropped some hints about the company’s TV plans on last month’s fiscal Q3 call.   “The introduction of Apple TV and tvOS last October and the subsequent OS releases and what’s coming out this fall…think of that as sort of building the foundation for what we believe can be a broader business over time,” Cook said. “But you shouldn’t look at what’s there today and think we’ve done what we want to do.”      Additionally, Apple’s Eddy Cue, in an interview with The Hollywood Reporter, chatted up Apple TV’s ability to stream content from other distributors and tossed cold water on skinny bundles.  TAGS: Apple Apple TV virtual MVPDs user interfaces Share This Post View the discussion thread. PR Feed: FREEDMAN ELECTRONICS GROUP BREAKS GROUND INTO AMBISONIC AUDIO – PURCHASES 360-DEGREE SURROUND MICROPHONE MARKET LEADER, SOUNDFIELD, FROM TSL PRODUCTS Indie Sound Effects Marketplace ‘A Sound Effect’ Turns Two and Celebrates with 70% Off Sale Cablevisión Argentina Selects Verimatrix as its Revenue Security Partner to Support Cablevisión Flow Services for TV Anytime, Anywhere ADB helps Multimedia Polska deliver enhanced TV services with user-friendly Personal TV solution Multi-Award Winning Producer Lawrence Cumbo Joins Pixeldust Studios to Expand its Entertainment Division: The Artery Creates New "Spirit of Meditation" 360-Degree Virtual Reality App for Samsung Gear VR ‘WWEmoji’ Emoji App Now Available WORLD’S TOUGHEST MUDDER LIVE STREAMING VIEWERSHIP SETS RECORD FOR OBSTACLE COURSE RACING EVENTS VITEC Launches First Broadcast-Grade Integrated IPTV and Digital Signage Platform SMPTE Launches New Virtual Course on IMF Essentials Newsletter Signup Free E-Newsletters Subscribe to our FREE eNewsletters Talkback Trending View All → What A&E Wants You to Know About ‘Live PD’ DirecTV Now Sets November 28 Launch Event Charter Launches Low-Cost Broadband Service PlayStation Vue Offers Big 4 Broadcast TV Feeds in All O&O Markets Sling TV, Roku Get Into the Holiday Selling Spirit Related Stories Apple Said to Be Chopping App Fees for Video Services Jeff Baumgartner - 11/17/2016 11:15:00 AM America/New_York Looking to broaden participation from OTT providers Few MVPDs Part of Apple’s Single Sign-On Mix Jeff Baumgartner - 11/04/2016 11:00:00 AM America/New_York Apple introduced a beta form of its new single sign-on Lynch: Sling TV Will Continue to Steer Clear of Big Bundles Jeff Baumgartner - 10/28/2016 02:45:00 PM America/New_York With DirecTV Now about to hit the market with a 100-plus Subscribe Now Events See All Events → December Diversity Discussion Dec 05, 2016 Convene,&nbspNew York,&nbspNY Freeze Frame Freeze Frame -- Nov. 14, 2016 Freeze Frame -- Nov. 7, 2016 FREEZE FRAME -- OCT. 31, 2016 NYC TV & Video Week 2016 Freeze Frame -- Oct. 17, 2016 Cable-Tec Expo 2016 -- Tuesday, Sept. 27 Cable-Tec Expo 2016 -- Monday, Sept. 26 Freeze Frame -- Sept. 12, 2016 See All → President Obama Stands Up for 'SNL' at Awards Ceremony Hulu Lines Up Cartoon Network’s ‘Powerpuff Girls’ Sports Boost TV Ad Spending in October CSN Chicago Changing Programming Lineup VidAngel Case Discovery Extended NextRadio Adds Newsfeed NAB Show Shanghai Expands Schedule Freedman Electronics Adds SoundField to Roster Townsquare Media’s Norman Philips Retires Mobile Carriers Fight Some Municipalities for Right of Way Buck Creates Visceral and Psychedelic Animated Opening Sequence for David Blaine Special Tom Hooper Directs Action-Packed Marks & Spencer Christmas Commercial Looks for RED Cameras, December 6, L.A. David O. Russell Directs Impeccably Stylish Prada Ad This Great Video Answers Some FAQs About Color Grading NAB Urges FCC to Act on White Space Geolocation ChyronHego Kicks It With IPFL TFS Releases RoboCam FiberLink Systems for PTZ Cams SMPTE ‘Honor Roll’ Book Now Available Recap: Impact of IP & Cloud on Media Workflow News Blogs Events Images Subscribe About Us Contact Us Advertise Editorial Calendar Privacy Policy Site Map Terms of Use Ad Choices Subscribe RSS Feeds All Access Log In Newsletters Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2016 by NewBay Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved. 28 East 28th Street, 12th floor, New York, NY 10016 T (212) 378-0400 F (212) 378-0470 News Blogs Events Images Subscribe Other NewBay Media Brands Broadcastingcable.com Twice.com CreativePlanetNetwork TV Technology MORE Copyright 2014 by NewBay Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved. 28 East 28th Street, 12th floor, New York, NY 10016 T (212) 378-0400 F (212) 378-0470

Trending: Video preview: Smart cities tour! SharePoint 2013 cheat sheet Video: Holiday gift guide 2016 Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. First look: Visual Studio for Mac is here at last, almost Windows 10 quick tips: Get the most out of Cortana 6 ex-CIOs reveal lessons learned, biggest regrets Ultimate guide to setting up a small business Wi-Fi network More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Gamification Home Tech Location-Based Services Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) Business Process Management (BPM) CRM Collaboration Content/Document Management Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software Integration Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Computer Hardware Apple Mac Defensive Computing By Michael Horowitz |Follow About | Defensive Computing is for people who use computing devices for work, not play. Rather than focus on the latest news or devices, this blog aims to be educational. Heavy on facts, light on opinions. Analysis A bug fix bake-off Computerworld | Aug 5, 2016 6:32 PM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Thinkstock More like this Upgrading to Windows 10 and questioning <i>The New York Times</i> 20 fixes for a Windows 10 update meltdown The shame of Windows Update Video Mingis on Tech: The MacBook Pro show-and-tell Installing bug fixes is a big part of Defensive Computing. When I recently updated devices running five different operating systems, I took the opportunity to compare how they installed their latest patches. The tests were run on July 27th. Hardware-wise, all the devices were old, but their software was reasonably up to date, lacking only the latest round of updates. All in all, it seemed like a fair fight. I cold booted each device and waited for it to settle down before updating the operating system. Typically a computer does some housekeeping when it first boots and/or when it first goes online. So, I let each device sit for a while. Then, on Windows and OS X, I updated Firefox to insure that the internet connection was working well. On iOS, I waited for the app store to phone home. It initially said that 5 apps needed to be updated, but after a short delay, upped that number to 31. On Chrome OS, I just waited a few minutes. In each case, the operating system update was the only thing the device was doing. Four devices used the same 2.4GHz Wi-Fi network with a very strong signal (they were in the same room as the router). The fifth device, a Windows 7 desktop, used Ethernet as that's all it had. Timings are reasonably accurate but I wasn't using a stopwatch. I tried to limit the updates to just the operating system, something that comes quite naturally in iOS and Chrome OS. Windows 7 and 8.1 offer this as an option, but I am not aware of any way to limit OS X. In my test, it also updated Safari, iTunes and a couple other applications.  THE PLAYERS The five tested devices were: 1. A 64 bit Windows 7 desktop PC running an Intel Core i5-3470 (3.2GHz) with 8GB of RAM and a mechanical hard drive connected via SATA III. It had last been updated on June 17, 2016. 2. A 32 bit Windows 8.1 tablet running an Intel Atom CPU model Z3745 (1.3GHz) with 2GB of RAM and a 32GB SanDisk SDW32G connected with an interface that Speccy calls "SD." It was last updated on June 25, 2016. 3. A first generation iPad Mini model MD531LL/A running iOS version 9.3.2. 4. A MacBook Air laptop dating back to November 2010 (model A1370). It's running an Intel Core 2 Duo (1.4GHz) with 2GB of RAM and OS X Yosemite version 10.10.5. 5. An Acer C710 Chromebook with 2GB of RAM, manufactured in May 2013. It was on the stable channel, running the 64 bit edition of Chrome OS version 51.0.2704.106, which has a build date of July 6, 2016. THE BAKE OFF Windows 7 has been plagued, for months, with OS updates that take forever to install. Sadly, this remains true, it took Windows 7 longer than any other system to install its bug fixes. Windows updates itself in two phases; first it figures out the missing bug fixes, then, in phase 2, it downloads and installs them. The first phase took 1 hour and 38 minutes to complete, by far, the slowest of the tested systems. The first phase found seven missing patches but defaulted to only installing six of them. For whatever reason, it opted not to install KB971033. The six patches totaled 74 megabytes, and it took 5 minutes to download and install them. The shutdown and reboot took 2 minutes. TOTAL TIME: 1 hour 45 minutes Windows 8.1 Windows 8.1 updated itself faster than Windows 7, even though the tablet hardware was far less powerful than the desktop system. Still, it was the second slowest device. The first update phase, determining the missing bug fixes took an hour and 6 minutes. The system needed 11 patches, totaling 199 megabytes. Phase 2, downloading and installing the patches, took 7 minutes. At one point in the reboot process, the screen was totally blank. Maybe it always does that, I don't use Windows 8 much and never paid particularly close attention.The shutdown and reboot took 3 minutes. TOTAL TIME: 1 hour 19 minutes iOS 9 Updating iOS 9 was a drastically different experience. As soon as the process started, the system already knew that it had to install version 9.3.3, and, how big the download would be. The process however, was the most confusing of the five systems. The early stages are confusing because it reports the status of the update in three different locations. The later stages are confusing because there is so little status information. It also tried to calculate a time estimate, but never did. The initial statuses were "Update requested" and "Downloading". Then, while it was still downloading, it was also in "Preparing update" status. Then a small white window was displayed but it disappeared before I could read what it said. After the download completed, one location reported that it was "installing" while another location reported that it was "verifying the update." Apple likes progress bars, but, for whatever reason, makes them very thin. So thin, it is hard to see the progress. It's not for lack of space, even with the screen mostly empty, the progress bar height is measured in molecules. And none of the progress bars were accompanied by a percentage, which just adds insult to the injury of barely being able to see them. At one point the screen went totally black, then a white apple appeared, then all black again. Then a white apple with a progress bar. Then the progress bar disappeared, then another progress bar appeared, but there was no progress for a while, it appeared to be hung. To paraphrase an old movie: Words? We don't need no stinking words.  Eventually there was movement on the latest progress bar, then it disappeared, leaving a black screen with white apple on it. Finally, the normal logon screen appeared for a few seconds, then the screen went black again.  From start to finish the process took 29 minutes. As I was finishing up this blog, Apple issued another iOS update, 9.3.4, which took me 23 minutes to install. AVERAGE TIME:  26 minutes OS X Yosemite Like iOS, Yosemite knew very quickly that it needed to install security update 2016-004. As noted earlier, I was unable to install just this update so it also downloaded and installed Safari, iTunes, Remote Desktop Client and something called SU_TITLE - 768 megabytes of software. I was able to ignore the updates to Pages, Keynote, Numbers, GarageBand and iPhoto. The download started quickly, but after about 600MB, it slowed down. The initial time estimate was 2 minutes but with 108MB to go, there were an estimated 6 minutes remaining. After downloading 734MB, it estimated that the remaining 34MB would take 2 minutes.  I don't think that the slowdown was on my end. When the download started, the MacBook had the Wi-Fi network all to its own. During the download, the Windows 8 tablet downloaded its 199MB payload very quickly. Even after the Windows 8 tablet was done, the MacBook download continued to crawl. In the end, it took 18 minutes to download the 768 megabytes. After rebooting, the system estimated that it would take 7 minutes to install the new software. There was a progress bar and a time estimate that continued to adjust. Nice. Then, another reboot and yet another progress bar. The initial estimate was pretty good, installing the software and rebooting took 8 minutes. After all this, the system was still running version 10.10.5, which I found puzzling. I'm not a Mac user, this may be normal, but I wondered if something had gone wrong. A little poking around (Apple icon -> About This Mac -> System Report.. button) turned up a System Information report that includes a log of software installations. The log confirmed that Security Update 2016-004 had just been installed, so OS X loses brownie points for not fully indicating the operating system version. Both iOS and Chrome OS display an operating system version number that increases when the OS is updated, which, to me, seems like a better approach. The log also showed that the MacBook was at a dis-advantage in this contest. The previously installed Security Update was 2016-002 so this was the only device missing two rounds of bug fixes. And, it showed that along with the Security Update, it also installed Safari 9.1.2, iTunes 12.4.2, Remote Desktop Client Update 3.8.5.1 and the mysterious SU_TITLE which has no version number (more points deducted).  TOTAL TIME:  26 minutes Chrome OS The transparency of software updates is, to me, one of the best things about Chrome OS. End users are not asked or told anything about updating any software. It just works. That said, Chromebook users can opt into the bug fix game if they want.  To kick off a software update, run the browser and do: Help -> About Chrome OS and then click on the "Check for and apply updates" button. In my test, the check for updates took seconds, then it transitioned to "Updating your device..." During this phase it displays a completion percentage, but offers neither a time estimate (hat tip to OS X) nor an indication of how how much data is being downloaded. When the completion percentage hit 100% it sat there for a bit before telling me to "Restart your device to finish updating." At this point the black upward pointing arrow (the standard indication that a reboot is needed) also appeared in its usual spot on the bottom right of the screen. Unlike the other OSs, when Chrome OS reboots to install new software, it is a standard, ordinary restart. There is no warning not to turn off the computer as in Windows. There is no non-standard user interface as in OS X and iOS. There is no progress bar. It tells the end user nothing. It just reboots. As noted earlier, the system started out at version 51.0.2704.106 (Help -> About Chrome OS from the browser). After the update, it was running version 52.0.2743.85. A nice thing about Chrome OS is that it also assigns a date to the operating system. The "About" page has a "more info..." link that when clicked shows the Build Date of the system. I started with a system that was built on July 6, 2016 and ended with one built on July 21, 2016. The date is a bit more hidden than I would like, but still, Chrome OS is the only system that provides dates. TOTAL TIME:  4 minutes BAKE-OFF OBSERVATIONS The Windows devices had a hardware advantage, not that it mattered. To recap the timings: Chrome OS took 4 minutes, OS X Yosemite took 26, iOS 9 needed 29 minutes the first time and 23 minutes the second, Windows 8.1 took an hour and 19 minutes, and Windows 7 needed an hour and 45 minutes. I think it's fair to say that Chrome OS does the best job of self-updating. Not only is it fast, but it's also automated far beyond any other system. It is so automated, that it doesn't have to tell the end user anything. Chromebook users are not even aware that software is being updated - a small black arrow is the only user interface for software updates, and it can be ignored without penalty. I like that the version number of the operating system increases as updates are installed and it's the only OS that assigns itself a date in human readable format. Finally, Chrome OS auto-updates everything, the operating system, extensions, plug-ins and, yes, Flash too. It is the gold standard for software updating.  FLASH The Adobe Flash Player, while not part of any operating system, is a thorn in the side of many. It may well be the most dangerous software in the world, considering both how buggy and how widespread it is.  Flash is not an issue on iOS, which offers no support, or Chrome OS, which auto-updates it, but on Windows and OS X, it's a mess. Windows 8 and 10 will at least update Flash along with the operating system, but just for Microsoft's browsers. OS X however, is totally hands off. In my test, even the just-updated Safari browser was still using an old version of Flash.  On both Windows and OS X, the Defensive Computing approach is to limit Flash to the Chrome browser, which both auto-updates it and tries to disable its use in advertisements.  Related: Apple Mac Apple iOS Chrome OS Windows PCs Apple Google Microsoft 1 2 Page 1 Next 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Shop Tech Products at Amazon You Might Like Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. What Readers Like China builds world’s fastest supercomputer without U.S. chips China's Sunway TaihuLight theoretical peak performance is 124.5 petaflops. Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis This sortable chart lets you compare dozens of tools for functionality, skill level and more. Windows 10 Anniversary Update: A guide to the builds The Windows 10 Anniversary Update is due this summer -- but if you don’t want to wait, you can install... Popular Resources Video/Webcast Sponsored 3 Tips to Deliver Fast Performance Across Mobile Web White Paper Big Data for Good: Using Data & Analytics to Benefit Society (And Make Money) White Paper Closing the Customer-Experience Gap with Digital-Performance Management Video/Webcast Sponsored From 0 to DevOps in 80 Days: Lessons Learned Moving from On-Prem to Cloud Native White Paper Harnessing the Three Forms of Big Data Analytics Innovation Go Top Stories Pelosi says UC IT workers are in ‘untenable position’ House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi is urging the University of California to drop plans to send some... Voting security experts tell Clinton to demand recount Hillary Clinton, the apparent loser in the recent U.S. presidential race, should ask for voting... Holiday shopping by mobile phone? Beware fake apps and bad Wi-Fi hotspots The smartphone risk is higher this year than in 2015. There are more active cyber criminals and many... On first day in office, Trump to attack visas that 'undercut the American President-elect Donald Trump on Monday sent out the strongest signal yet that the H-1B visa program is... Sponsored Links INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Where do you stack up with your IT counterparts on cloud investment? Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 1994 - 2016 Computerworld, Inc. All rights reserved. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Apple Acquires Machine Learning Startup Turi By Tyler Lee on 08/05/2016 17:35 PST Does Apple have bigger plans for AI/machine learning? We know that the company’s rivals such as Google are heavily invested in the technology, especially considering the launch of Google Assistant, an AI that learns more about you the more you use it. That being said, it certainly sounds like Apple is interested. According to a report from GeekWire, they have learnt that Apple has recently acquired machine learning AI startup Turi. In a statement provided to GeekWire, the company gave a rather boilerplate response which reads, “Apple buys smaller technology companies from time to time, and we generally do not discuss our purpose or plans.” GeekWire’s sources have also told them that the deal is said to be worth around $200 million. Following the acquisition, Turi is expected to remain in Seattle, meaning that it sounds like Apple plans on keeping them intact as opposed to shutting them down and just keeping their technology and some key personnel. This isn’t the first machine learning AI company that Apple has acquired. According to TechCrunch, back in 2015 Apple acquired Perceptio, a company that specializes in machine learning and image recognition. It is unclear yet as to what Apple has planned for Turi, but given what Apple’s rivals have done with Google Now, Google Assistant, Cortana, and etc., it is possible that Apple might be trying to improve its efforts with Siri, but we guess only time will tell. Filed in Apple. Read more about ai. Related Articles 2016-11-21 Computers Are Now Better At Lip-Reading Than Humans 2016-11-15 Google Translate Gets A Neural Machine Translation Upgrade 2016-11-15 Visabot Is A Chat Bot That Helps You Apply For US Visas 2016-11-14 Google’s RAISR Upscales Images Using Machine Learning 2016-11-06 Foursquare Wants To Make ‘Her’ Movie A Reality iOS Flaw Lets Anyone Access Your Photos Without A Passcode Stephen Hawking Thinks Humanity Has About 1,000 Years Left Coca-Cola's Selfie Bottle Snaps A Pic Whenever You Take A Sip Amazon’s iPhone App Lets To See What’s In Your Boxes Domino’s In New Zealand Begin Testing Pizza Delivery By Drones This $5 Device Can Hack A Password-Protected Computer In Seconds User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
null
Login All Reviews Editorials News Samsung's New Smartphone Innovation: Jet Black When Your Mac Acts Up, Try This First Apple Watch Users get 5K Challenge for Thanksgiving Tips iOS and watchOS: Seeing Historical Heart Rate Data Wi-Fi Mesh Systems Compared: eero, Orbi, AmpliFi Podcasts TMO Daily Observations 2016-11-22: Listener Comments on Apple's WiFi Plans TMO Background Mode: Interview with the Founder of olloclip Patrick O'Neil View All Results → Matias Wireless Aluminum Keyboard: The Apple Keyboard You've Been Looking For Brydge 12.9 Aluminum Keyboard for iPad Pro Exudes Class X-Doria Evervue Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Poor Marks Review: Charge and Listen on iPhone 7 with Belkin Lightning Audio + Charge RockStar Silk Innovation Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Highest Marks View All Reviews → Jony Ive Designs Christmas Tree with No Decorations When Your Mac Acts Up, Try This First Apple Has the Experience to Make an AR Bombshell Come True Apple's Tradition of Always Building the Best Doesn't Fit with Current Apple TV Considering Rumors of Apple AR Glasses with Tim Cook's Comments on Google Glass View All Editorials → Apple Gets Approval to Sell Wholesale Energy as Tech Giants Blaze Renewable Trail Bryan Chaffin @TMOBryan · +Bryan Chaffin Aug 5th, 2016 6:52 PM EST | News Apple Energy LLC, the Apple subsidiary that develops and maintains Apple’s U.S. energy generation projects, received regulatory approval to sell electricity into the wholesale market. This will give Apple flexibility in developing electricity generation for its own use. It also demonstrates how technology giants have developed renewable energy traditional utilities have been slow to build. Solar farm from Apple Environmental Sustainability Report Apple has numerous renewable energy projects around the world. These projects are part of the company’s drive to have 100% of its global energy be renewable. Apple built or invested in solar farms in California, Nevada, and Arizona, as well as smaller efforts in North Carolina. The ability to sell excess capacity into the wholesale market becomes a hedge when determining how much capacity to build. Get ‘Er Done The most interesting thing is how Apple could make these investments when confronted by a lack of renewable supply. This is a huge shift made possible by the enormous wealth Apple, Google, Facebook, and Amazon have amassed. All four companies have been involved in renewable energy projects in the States. Public utilities have served an important role in the nation’s development, but private companies have done a better and faster job of developing renewable sources. I’m hoping that has positive ripple effects throughout the industry. In the meanwhile, the ability to sell into the wholesale market won’t be a noticeable revenue stream for Apple. The power to hedge against its own needs is the biggest benefit of this approval to a company of Apple’s size. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Apple's Intent Isn't the Same as Committing to Mac Automation Jeff Gamet | November 23, 2016 Matias Wireless Aluminum Keyboard: The Apple Keyboard You've Been Looking For John Kheit | November 22, 2016 TMO Weekly Sponsor Black Friday Giveaway From MacXDVD. Grab it free to download YouTube videos, convert video format, edit and record videos. Only 1000 free copies issued daily. Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $111.08 -0.72 (-0.64%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Samsung's New Smartphone Innovation: Jet Black When Your Mac Acts Up, Try This First Apple Watch Users get 5K Challenge for Thanksgiving Apple Quietly Kills AirPort Extreme by Breaking Up Wireless Router Team Apple Launches Multi-Touch Repair Program for iPhone 6 Plus Recent Tips See All » iOS and watchOS: Seeing Historical Heart Rate Data Wi-Fi Mesh Systems Compared: eero, Orbi, AmpliFi iOS 10: Deleting Previous Handwritten Messages iOS: Shake to Undo on iPhone and iPad, and How to Turn it Off iOS 10: Drawing on Your Pictures in Messages Recent Editorials See All » Jony Ive Designs Christmas Tree with No Decorations When Your Mac Acts Up, Try This First Apple Has the Experience to Make an AR Bombshell Come True Apple's Tradition of Always Building the Best Doesn't Fit with Current Apple TV Considering Rumors of Apple AR Glasses with Tim Cook's Comments on Google Glass 2108 Bryan Chaffin news 0 1470423166 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 52 20 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Apple acquires machine learning startup Turi: report The move signals Apple is continuing to make inroads into artificial intelligence. Post to Facebook Apple acquires machine learning startup Turi: report The move signals Apple is continuing to make inroads into artificial intelligence.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2aM95qY {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Apple acquires machine learning startup Turi: report Allana Akhtar , USA TODAY 8:20 p.m. EDT August 5, 2016 LONDON, ENGLAND - AUGUST 03: The Apple logo is displayed on the back of an iPhone on August 3, 2016 in London, England. (Photo by Carl Court/Getty Images) ORG XMIT: 659228091 ORIG FILE ID: 586113570 (Photo: Carl Court, Getty Images) Apple is continuing to make inroads into artificial intelligence. The Cupertino, Calif.-based tech behemoth bought Turi, a machine learning platform, for $200 million, according to sources at GeekWire. Apple would not confirm the move to USA TODAY, but said the company buys smaller technology companies “from time to time, and we generally do not discuss our purpose or plans.” The Cupertino-based tech behomouth appears to be coming to terms with slumping demand for the iPhone by expanding into other markets, including artificial intelligence. CEO Tim Cook has said Apple will continue to enhance services through artificial intelligence, like improving facial recognition in photos and recommending user-specific songs and news, in a conference call to investors. Apple announced improvements to its digital assistant Siri to future operating systems during its most recent World Wide Developers Conference in June, indicating a stronger reliance on AI. The company also revealed a new Home app that aggregates all connected home appliances. Turi did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the buy. Apple (AAPL) shares were up 1.52% at 107.48 Friday afternoon following the news. Amazon, Google and other tech giants have been investing in AI for years. Amazon’s Echo connected speaker, which can turn on lights, access online music and answer questions, is “hard to keep in stock,” according to CEO Jeff Bezos who would not reveal sales numbers. Google answered with their own voice-activated home speaker, Google Home. 52 CONNECTTWEET 20 LINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2aM95qY
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Saturday, 6 August 2016 | MYT 7:00 AM Apple is replacing the pistol emoji with a squirt gun by jessica roy Fun, not deadly: In fall, when the new version of its operating system rolls out, what was previously a pistol emoji will be replaced by a green squirt gun. — Apple The right to bear arms is enshrined in the US Constitution, but not in your text messages.  As a tech company, Apple doesn't have an obvious stake in the gun control debate. But a recently announced change to its emoji library suggests the Cupertino company is taking a stance on the issue.  In fall, when the new version of its operating system rolls out, what was previously a pistol emoji will be replaced by a green squirt gun.  In its announcement about the new set of emojis, Apple did not explicitly mention the gun. In addition to touting new options that make existing emojis more diverse and a rainbow flag, it referenced "beautiful redesigns of popular emoji." The only emoji that was a redesign of an existing emoji was the squirt gun.  In July 2015, the group New Yorkers Against Gun Violence published an open letter to Apple chief executive Tim Cook asking the company to symbolically "disarm the iPhone" by getting rid of the gun emoji. It's not clear whether the decision was in response to the letter. (Apple did not respond to requests for comment on this story.)  Emojis are not made by Apple. They are selected, designed and coded by a nonprofit organisation called the Unicode Consortium. The Unicode Consortium was incorporated in 1991 to standardize how text and characters are read by computers. Unicode ensures that when you type something on one kind of computer or device, it can be read by someone using any other computer or device.  Platforms like Apple, Microsoft, Samsung and Facebook decide exactly how those characters will appear on the device you're using. A paper published earlier this year by researchers from the University of Minnesota Twin Cities showed how different some emoji can look across devices.  In this case, Apple is reinterpreting how it will "read" the pistol emoji. Instead of depicting it as a metal revolver, it will show the green toy water pistol. Emoji encyclopaedia Emojipedia's entry on the pistol character suggests it will still look like a gun if you view it on most other devices and platforms.  Jeremy Burge, founder of Emojipedia and a member of the Unicode Consortium, said the change will not require any input or updates from Unicode. Apple is just changing the design of an existing emoji. And it wouldn't be the first company to make this particular change: On Microsoft devices, the pistol emoji looks like a toy ray-gun.  "Any vendor is free to change how they design each emoji, no matter how confusing it could be. For instance, Samsung uses some crackers instead of a cookie for the cookie emoji," he said in an email. "It's confusing, but Unicode doesn't have much to do with how each company designs its emojis."  It's not the first time Apple has opted against a gun emoji: In June, Apple asked the Unicode Consortium to exclude a scoped shooting rifle from the upcoming set of emojis. Unicode complied, and the rifle was scrapped. — Los Angeles Times/Tribune News Service You May Be Interested Britain gives new fibre broadband providers US$500mil fund boost Yew Sin-Ee Yi continue fine run in Hong Kong Pokémon Go: Dittos are hiding in plain sight Fraud in Felda Global Ventures Rejuvenate yourself with American ginseng Apple issues recall on September, October 2015 iPhone 6S Others Also Read A match by match look at the English Premier League M’sia, Thailand to begin talks on Bangkok-KL HSR project - Thai Minister Japan enlists Sailor Moon to promote safe sex advertisement Latest News Philippines money laundering body charges bankers for ignoring cyberheist Google nears tax settlement with Indonesian government: sources The new Vivo V5 takes the selfie crown Self-driving car group urges US regulators to clear road Singapore unveils self-driving scooter, ideal for phone-obsessed walkers Most Viewed in Tech Apple issues recall on September, October 2015 iPhone 6S Viral video will crash your iPhone The new Vivo V5 takes the selfie crown Pokémon Go: Dittos are hiding in plain sight Google nears tax settlement with Indonesian government: sources Self-driving car group urges US regulators to clear road Israeli firm can steal phone data in seconds Singapore unveils self-driving scooter, ideal for phone-obsessed walkers Pokémon Go says thanks and reshuffles CP Watch your self-ie! India tops ranking for selfie deaths Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
jalopnik Deadspin Gizmodo Jalopnik Jezebel Kotaku Lifehacker Jalopnik Reviews Foxtrot Alpha Black Flag Truck Yeah Lanesplitter The Garage Here's An Easy Idea For What To Call The Upcoming Electric Mercedes Brand Justin T. Westbrook8/05/16 8:25pm Filed to: Mercedes Benz Mercedes Benz AMG Maybach electric cars EVs branding brand 88 12 Edit Promote Dismiss Undismiss Share to Kinja Toggle Conversation tools Go to permalink Mercedes is reportedly planning to spin-off a new, all-electric sub-brand for its electric vehicle efforts, similar to BMW’s i-brand. I don’t know if you’ve noticed, but Mercedes is an automaker with a history full of great names, which is exactly why they shouldn’t try anything new. Advertisement I get why BMW named its electric vehicle lineup with the “i-” moniker. Well, it was probably the success of a small tech company called Apple. There was even a moment where Apple was actually touring the i-brand facilities with rumored interest in developing autonomous systems for transportation in the near future. That fell through, though. But now Mercedes is doing the same thing—creating a separate brand with its own name and likely a distinct, futuristic style (I am guessing) for its future electric automotive efforts. According to Bloomberg, the new brand will be introduced with a lineup of two electric SUVs or crossovers and two electric sedans. Advertisement Reportedly, Mercedes doesn’t have a name for the new brand yet, but I’d argue that they, in fact, do already have a name! Perhaps multiple options! You see, Mercedes has a bunch of great people, names and brands associated with them. Mercedes-Benz is synonymous with sturdy German engineered cars, and AMG is synonymous with performance. Maybach just sounds drenched in class and luxury. Because of all of this, I’m convinced that Mercedes can’t best what they already have in naming a new electric brand something different—which is why they shouldn’t. My crazy idea? Well since most of the “Mercedes” brand is just referred to as Mercedes or Mercedes-AMG nowadays, the “Benz” name has slightly fallen to the wayside. So why not split Benz off from Mercedes and call the new electric car brand, well, just Benz? Sponsored This is brilliant, when you really think about it. If Mercedes names its EVs under the “Benz” name, you bring “Mercedes Benz” back with an entirely new meaning. Each is its own brand with a distinct difference, but all of the cars are still a Mercedes. Mercedes sort of shot itself in the foot all those decades ago when it started calling things an “E-Class.” Modern simpletons would easily associate the “E” with “electricity,” but alas that can’t happen. Advertisement Advertisement But I think Benz is still a good, strong-sounding name. On top of that, it’s only four letters, and any modern branding expert will tell you less letters for new things is always better. It also has a “z” in it, which is inherently cool. So how about it Mercedes? Karl and Bertha Benz deserve their rightful place as automotive innovators, so why not honor them with the next-largest automotive innovation second only to when they slapped a petrol engine on a horse carriage—electric cars? Meet Bertha Benz, The Woman Who Took The First Real Drive Meet Bertha Benz, The Woman Who Took The First Real Drive Meet Bertha Benz, The Woman Who Took The First… As Google's doodle reminded me, today is International Women's Day. It's kind of… Read more Read more We get to call some of your cars “Mercedes Benz,” and your branding and marketing departments get a short and simple word that’s just as cool-sounding as “Tesla.” Advertisement But no, you’ll probably go with something else. Something that’s been overthought by chairmen in committees and youth focus groups, and we’ll end up with the Mercedes lektric or eevee or e-v-wgn or Elek and I’ll just have to hate it. Recommended Stories Meet Bertha Benz, The Woman Who Took The First Real Drive Mercedes' New 'Concept IAA' Is A Shapeshifter BMW And Daimler Ditched Apple Over Data Control: Report Justin T. Westbrook justin@jalopnik.com @WestbrookTweets Night editor for Jalopnik Reply88 repliesLeave a reply You may also like Gizmodo Your Dog Remembers All Those Awful Things You Did Today 12:00pm Sploid Why Do Marvel Movies Look Kind of Bad? Yesterday 10:14pm Lifehacker All the Best Movies Coming to and Leaving Netflix in December 2016 Yesterday 5:00pm Recent from Justin T. Westbrook 43 4K Jalopnik · Justin T. Westbrook The Grand Tour's Second Episode Looks Like An Explodely Action Movie Today 12:22pm 4 121 14.2K Jalopnik · Justin T. Westbrook Florida Man Stops Street Fight By Running Everyone Over Today 10:45am 11 122 13.7K Jalopnik · Justin T. Westbrook My College Car Club Just Made The Best Mannequin Challenge Video Yet Yesterday 10:00pm Deals · Jillian Lucas Introduce Yourself to Frank + Oak and Get Acquainted with 25% Off All Outerwear Today 11:31am Share Tweet About Blog Need Help? Content Guide Jalopnik Store Redirecting to the Jalopnik store in Disclaimer: You are leaving a Gizmodo Media Group, LLC website and going to a third party site, which is subject to its own privacy policy and terms of use. Continue Permissions Privacy Terms of Use Advertising Jobs RSS ©2016 Gizmodo Media Group Kinja is in read-only mode. We are working to restore service.
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook YouTube Twitter Google+ Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Apple Security Apple finally announces bug bounty program, will pay up to $200,000 for discovered vulnerabilities By Rob Thubron on Aug 5, 2016, 9:30 AM TechSpot A number of large technology companies have introduced bug bounty programs over the last few years but one conspicuous holdout has been Apple, which has refused to pay third-parties for reporting vulnerabilities. But that’s about to change. Speaking at the Black Hat conference, Ivan Krstic, Apple's head of Security Engineering and Architecture, said the Cupertino company will begin offering cash rewards ranging from $20,000 - $200,000 to researchers who discover security flaws in Apple’s products. In a departure from most bug bounty programs, Apple is encouraging those who receive the rewards to donate them to charity, at which point the company will match the donation if it approves the institution. When the program first starts it will be invite-only and consist of a few dozen researchers who have previously made valuable vulnerability disclosures to the company. TechCrunch reports that the firm decided opening the program up to the public could bring a slew of fake reports that may overshadow some of the higher-risk bugs. The publication also notes, however, that Apple plans to expand the program over time and will open it up to any non-members that find significant security issues. Apple is limiting its program to five areas of vulnerabilities: the highest payout is for the discovery of bugs in secure boot firmware components; researchers that find ways of extracting confidential data from the secure enclave will receive up to $100,000; executions of arbitrary or malicious code are worth up to $50,000, as is access to iCloud account data; and access from a sandbox process to user data outside the sandbox offers rewards up to $25,000. While Apple says it is launching the program simply because bugs are becoming harder to find, the San Bernardino iPhone case from earlier this year is likely to be a major factor behind the introduction. After the company refused to help the FBI unlock the device that belonged to shooter Syed Rizwan Farook, the government agency reportedly paid third-party hackers $1 million for an exploit that allowed them to circumvent the iPhone’s brute-force protection features. Image credit: pixeldreams.eu / shutterstock Related Reads Apple invites third-party developers to its headquarters to help finish up Apple Watch apps Apple's latest iTunes update adds movie Extras to Mac and Apple TV Apple seeds fourth iOS 8.2 beta to developers, references Apple Watch 3 comments 94 interactions Share this article: Video Highlight Now Read This… Apple announces it will take part in this year's Black Friday Experts urge Clinton to demand election recount in three key states amid vote hacking fears Clever malware lets hackers turn your headphones into a microphone Popular The Best Mice: Overall + Gaming, Wireless, Travel & More 10 comments The Best Video Game Gamepad Controllers 42 comments Experts urge Clinton to demand election recount in three key states amid vote hacking fears 12 comments Microsoft issues apology after people take offense to perceived racial slur in Dead Rising 4 email Load Comments 3 ... User Comments: 3 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 7 Serious Apple question 71 Steve Wozniak warns Apple over removing the 3.5mm headphone jack for the iPhone 7 10 Volume knob stopped working on ipad 2 92 Apple engineers may quit if forced by FBI to unlock iPhones 18 Question about iPhone 5(s)? Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2016 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook YouTube Twitter Google+ Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Apple Wearable Tech Samsung accused of using Apple Watch images in its latest patent By Rob Thubron on Aug 5, 2016, 1:00 PM TechSpot It seems that as long as Samsung and Apple continue to be two of the biggest producers of consumer tech products, legal battles between the pair over alleged copyright infringements will rage on. Now, the Korean giant looks set to face more claims of plagiarism from the iPhone maker, after its latest patent included images of what appears to be the Apple Watch. Samsung’s patent for the “wearable device,” which was filed back in January and published yesterday, contains numerous images showing different watches and fitness bands. But as noted by Patently Apple, some figures are clearly Apple Watch designs with its digital crown and backside charging array. They even show the watch in the same positions as the photos found on Apple’s website. The patent says the device “may be coupled with the band for fixing through a structure, such as a separated buckle or a continuous integral buckle, through a magnetic attracting force, or through a hooked ring or hooked member.” Despite IDC figures that show the global smartwatch market has shrunk 32 percent in the last year and Apple’s market share declining from 72 percent to 47 percent, the Cupertino firm has sold a million more smartwatches than Samsung in 2016, though the gap between the two is quickly closing. It will be interesting to see what comes of Samsung’s smartwatch patent. The company may claim it is merely offering up the images as examples of how other smartwatches use the bands - though Apple proabably won't see it this way. "Other aspects, advantages and salient features of the disclosure will become apparent to those skilled in the art from the following detailed description which, taken in conjunction with the annexed drawings, discloses various embodiments of the present disclosure," reads the patent. Neither Samsung nor Apple have commented. Related Reads Apple seeds fourth iOS 8.2 beta to developers, references Apple Watch Apple invites third-party developers to its headquarters to help finish up Apple Watch apps Apple to unveil second-gen Apple Watch, 4-inch iPhone in March 4 comments 242 interactions Share this article: Video Highlight Now Read This… Apple announces it will take part in this year's Black Friday Apple's Touch Bar can technically play 'Doom' Apple blames owners for iPhone 6 Touch Disease, will fix the problem for $149 Popular The Best Mice: Overall + Gaming, Wireless, Travel & More 10 comments The Best Video Game Gamepad Controllers 42 comments Experts urge Clinton to demand election recount in three key states amid vote hacking fears 12 comments Microsoft issues apology after people take offense to perceived racial slur in Dead Rising 4 email Load Comments 4 ... User Comments: 4 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 7 Serious Apple question 71 Steve Wozniak warns Apple over removing the 3.5mm headphone jack for the iPhone 7 10 Volume knob stopped working on ipad 2 92 Apple engineers may quit if forced by FBI to unlock iPhones 18 Question about iPhone 5(s)? Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2016 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook YouTube Twitter Google+ Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Apple Industry Apple wants to build a TV guide for Apple TV and iOS By Jose Vilches on Aug 5, 2016, 3:00 PM TechSpot Apple has had a hard time courting media companies for its long-rumored pay TV service, but the company is trying a different angle to make its set-top box more useful in the meantime. According to a report on Recode, citing unnamed sources, Apple’s current plan is to work on a "digital TV guide" for the Apple TV and its other devices that would display content from sources like Netflix and HBO all in one place. The company already partners with a few dozen content providers for its voice-controlled universal search feature on tvOS, with more being added regularly. But the proposed guide would allow users who are not looking for a specific program to browse content from their subscribed channels without having to open up each app individually. Combined with the single sign-on feature introduced at the WWDC 2016 event, users would be able to start playing TV shows and movies with one click. In order to make the guide useful Apple needs content providers to share meta data for their offerings on a real-time basis. Apparently some networks are still apprehensive about making surfacing content from multiple sources on the Apple TV too convenient, as it would presumably diminish the ability to promote their own shows, and some are also concerned about upsetting the cable cash cow and lose their leverage to dictate prices. Related Reads Apple apologizes for iOS 8.0.1 debacle, recommends downgrade until iOS 8.0.2 arrives Apple fixes headphones glitch in iOS 10.0.2 , Portrait mode arrives in iOS 10.1 beta Apple seeds fourth iOS 8.2 beta to developers, references Apple Watch Post a comment 34 interactions Share this article: Video Highlight Now Read This… China says it will cut iPhone sales if Trump starts trade war Apple announces it will take part in this year's Black Friday Non-gaming virtual experiences will drive VR devices to mainstream Popular The Best Mice: Overall + Gaming, Wireless, Travel & More 10 comments The Best Video Game Gamepad Controllers Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2016 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
null
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook YouTube Twitter Google+ Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts News Around the Web Weekend tech reading: First website turns 25, 'Netflix Tax' active in PA, tattoo robot demonstrated By Matthew DeCarlo on Aug 7, 2016, 11:00 AM TechSpot The first website went up 25 years ago today The future had humble beginnings. The first public web page went online 25 years ago today, on August 6, 1991. It was not much of a page by today’s standards: all text and a summary overview of a project to make Internet resources linkable with hypertext. But that single little web page, written by Tim Berners-Lee, heralded the rise of one of the greatest public goods ever built: the worldwide web. Fusion Many users are reporting freezing problems with PCs running Windows 10 Anniversary Update The Windows 10 Anniversary Update started rolling out just a few days ago, and while the response from users has been generally positive, many are reporting that their updated PCs have started to freeze randomly. Many users have been citing the same issue on a Reddit thread, and have been unable to reach a universal solution. Neowin ​This company has built a profile on every American adult Forget telephoto lenses and fake mustaches: The most important tools for America's 35,000 private investigators are database subscription services. For more than a decade, professional snoops have been able to search troves of public and nonpublic records -- known addresses, DMV records, photographs of a person's car -- and condense them into comprehensive reports costing as little as $10. Bloomberg Apple should stop selling four-year-old computers One thousand, five hundred and fourteen days. Or: four years, one month, and twenty-four days. That's how long it's been since Apple released the last MacBook Pro to come without a Retina display. The $1,199 13-inch model was powered by a 2.5GHz Core i5 Ivy Bridge processor, a solid option for a midrange laptop in June 2012. I got one that month and am actually typing this column on it right now, having performed open hard drive surgery last night to bring it back from the dead. The Verge BBC to deploy detection vans to snoop on internet users The BBC is to spy on internet users in their homes by deploying a new generation of Wi-Fi detection vans to identify those illicitly watching its programmes online. The Telegraph can disclose that from next month, the BBC vans will fan out across the country capturing information from private Wi-Fi networks in homes to "sniff out" those who have not paid the licence fee. The Telegraph 'Netflix Tax' goes into effect in Pennsylvania ​Netflix subscribers will have to pay more to watch movies starting today thanks to a series of new taxes. The new taxes were part of a revenue package passed by the Legislature and signed by Gov. Tom Wolf to fill a $1.3 billion hole in the state’s new $31.5 billion budget. The state's existing 6-percent sales tax will now be extended to digital downloads and subscription services like Netflix and Hulu. CBS Firaxis didn't plan it, but Civilization VI is shaping up to be a great educational tool If you haven't heard, someone's reworking Sid Meier's Civilization V as a teaching tool for schools. The great wonder is that it took so long. Even a decade ago, when I was just one more factoid about 17th century Dutch economics away from being overwhelmed by my graduate studies in history, I found the series' abstract take on the rise of nations a welcome beacon of intuitive simplicity. Paste Magazine Most robots dancing simultaneously - Guinness World Records At the Qingdao Beer Festival in Shandong, China, 1,007 robots bopped and shimmied their way to a new world record for the most robots dancing simultaneously. GWR Hackers stole more than 30 Jeeps and Dodges in Houston using a laptop (updated) Last year in a Wired report, a duo of computer geeks showed the world they could hack into and immobilize a Jeep Cherokee with nothing more than a laptop, prompting Chrysler to later recall 1.4 million vehicles. Clearly these cars have some cybersecurity issues, because police say two intrepid hackers in Houston used a laptop and pirated software to steal more than 30 Jeeps and Dodges, according to local news reports. Jalopnik Microsoft won't fix Windows flaw that lets hackers steal your username and password A previously disclosed flaw in Windows can allow an attacker to steal usernames and passwords of any signed-in user -- simply by tricking a user into visiting a malicious website. But now a new proof-of-exploit shows just how easy it is to steal someone's credentials. The flaw is widely known, and it's said to be almost 20 years old. ZDNet Mint 18 review: "Just works" Linux doesn't get any better than this The newly released Mint 18 is a major upgrade. Not only has the Linux Mint project improved Mint's dueling desktops (Cinnamon and MATE), but the group's latest work impacts all underlying systems. With Mint 18, Linux Mint has finally moved its base software system from Ubuntu 14.04 to the new Ubuntu 16.04. Ars Technica An industrial robot arm can perform intricate tattoos on human bodies Robots have already made their way into commercial warehouses and can handle cleaning our dishes, but would you let an industrial robot arm tattoo you? Pierre Emm and Johan da Silveira created Tatoué, an industrial robot arm that can autonomously perform intricate tattoos on humans. Using a 3D scanner, the body part is captured. Quartz ​Nigerian scammers infect themselves with own malware, revealing new wire-wire fraud scheme A pair of security researchers recently uncovered a Nigerian scammer ring that they say operates a new kind of attack called “wire-wire” after a few of its members accidentally infected themselves with their own malware. Over the past several months, they've watched from a virtual front row seat as members used this technique to steal hundreds of thousands of dollars from small and medium-sized businesses worldwide. IEEE Spectrum Firefox will try to show you saved archive of a page instead of 404 error After introducing a big update for its browser users, Firefox has added some new features to its Test Pilot platform. The most significant is a new add-on called No More 404s that replaces the age-old Error 404 on a missing webpage, with saved archives from the Wayback Machine. Gadgets.NDTV The pill robot is coming Squeezed into a pill, this robot unfolds like an origami after it’s swallowed. It can be guided with a tiny magnet to remove a foreign object from the stomach or treat a wound by administering medication. Bloomberg Related Reads Weekend tech reading: 3D-printed, self-driving minibus unveiled; the future of Netflix 3 comments 102 interactions Share this article: Video Highlight Now Read This… AT&T to buy Time Warner; Hacked DVRs, cameras behind massive DDoS Apple announces it will take part in this year's Black Friday Experts urge Clinton to demand election recount in three key states amid vote hacking fears Popular The Best Mice: Overall + Gaming, Wireless, Travel & More 10 comments The Best Video Game Gamepad Controllers 42 comments Experts urge Clinton to demand election recount in three key states amid vote hacking fears 12 comments Microsoft issues apology after people take offense to perceived racial slur in Dead Rising 4 email Non-gaming virtual experiences will drive VR devices to mainstream Load Comments 3 ... User Comments: 3 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 13 Fake video game stories are everywhere 7 Clever malware lets hackers turn your headphones into a microphone 7 Facebook testing feature that shows you where to find free Wi-Fi 94 Weekend Open Forum: What piece of hardware do you regret buying? 178 Thank you to all vets Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2016 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧Business Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / Business Mon, Aug 08, 2016 - Page 15　News List Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp Apple receives approval to begin selling spare energy Bloomberg Apple Inc, which is spending US$850 million on a 130-megawatt (MW) solar farm near San Francisco over 25 years, can begin selling power into wholesale markets in the latest foray by a technology company into the energy business. Apple’s subsidiary Apple Energy LLC may sell energy, capacity and other services needed to maintain reliable power, according to an order by the US Federal Energy Regulatory Commission on Thursday. In granting approval, the commission determined the company did not raise the risk of being able to unfairly hike up power prices. The iPhone maker is among a group of companies investing in energy projects in a bid to tackle global warming and cut electric bills. Google, Microsoft Corp and Amazon.com Inc are backing wind turbines and solar farms to power their operations and lower their carbon footprint. “When you own power production facilities then you would typically want to have authority to sell power,” Kit Konolige, an analyst with Bloomberg Intelligence, said by telephone on Thursday. “It is indicative of a number of related trends that are lowering demand for power produced by utilities.” Apple last year entered into an agreement with First Solar Inc to buy power from the California solar farm in what was at the time the largest-ever solar procurement for a company that is not a utility, according to data compiled by Bloomberg New Energy Finance. Apple also owns 20MW of generation in the Nevada Power Co service area and 50MW in the Salt River Project service area in Arizona, according to the commission’s order. All of Apple’s data centers are now powered by renewable energy. Google, the biggest corporate buyer of clean energy in the US, in June announced it agreed to purchase energy from wind farms under development in Norway and Sweden to power its data centers in Europe. The company has a goal of running all operations on clean energy. Apple was authorized to begin wholesale power sales on Saturday. Google gained similar rights in 2010. This story has been viewed 1627 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2016-11-17 to 2016-11-24 Most read Most e-mailed 1 Student rails against ‘stateless’ ID 2 Anti-gay protesters storm legislature 3 DPP proposes cutting officers’ pensions 4 Events and entertainment listings 5 EVERYDAY ENGLISH MORE  1 Most employees want to change jobs, poll shows 2 TransAsia abruptly halts flights 3 Student rails against ‘stateless’ ID 4 Southeast Asia may get Trumped (P) 5 Xi Jinping’s call to be ‘comrade’ has alternative meaning MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2016 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.
Apple iOS & iPhone Basics: Expert Advice, Made Easy (Everyday Guides Made Easy) by Chris Smith-P2P Posted on 07.08.2016 at 16:34 in eBook, Ebooks by TheInsertus Apple created iOS, the incredible operating system that their iPhones use. With so many apps and new features being added all the time, this book will help you to get started. Learn how to use this great modern system in a way that is suited to your needs. This handy guide will take you through the best apps, tips and tricks for everyday use and has a troubleshooting guide if you get into trouble. With step-by-step instructions and clear, practical text, a novice to the iPhone will learn everything they need to know. Apple iOS & iPhone Basics: Expert Advice, Made Easy (Everyday Guides Made Easy) by Chris Smith-P2P English | 13 Apr. 2015 | ISBN: 1783613947 | 128 Pages | PDF/EPUB/MOBI | 27.2 MB/10.7 MB/18.4 MB Download PDF: UPLOADED - FILESCDN - NTi Download ePUB: UPLOADED - FILESCDN - NTi Download MOBI: UPLOADED - FILESCDN - NTi Comments(2) Previous post: Accounting Entries in SAP ERP Controlling (SAP PRESS E-Bites Book 5) by Janet Salmon-P2P Next post: MAGIX Video Pro X8 v15.0.2.72 (x64)-P2P Comments Feel free to post your Apple iOS & iPhone Basics: Expert Advice, Made Easy (Everyday Guides Made Easy) by Chris Smith-P2P torrent, subtitles, samples, free download, quality, NFO, rapidshare, depositfiles, uploaded.net, rapidgator, filefactory, netload, crack, serial, keygen, requirements or whatever-related comments here. Don't be rude (permban), use only English, don't go offtopic and read FAQ before asking a question. Owners of this website aren't responsible for content of comments. Mirror2Man August 7th, 2016 | 16:40 Apple iOS & iPhone Basics_ Expe – Chris Smith.pdf Filescdn.com https://filescdn.com/h0qq8k5jfcya/Apple_iOS___iPhone_Basics__Expe_-_Chris_Smith.pdf.rar Dailyuploads.net https://dailyuploads.net/2ona8202d79g/Apple_iOS___iPhone_Basics__Expe_-_Chris_Smith.pdf.rar Userscloud.com https://userscloud.com/sicvm6muh3zc/Apple_iOS___iPhone_Basics__Expe_-_Chris_Smith.pdf.rar Subyshare.com https://subyshare.com/jod211ohxg5m/Apple_iOS___iPhone_Basics__Expe_-_Chris_Smith.pdf.rar.html Uploadrocket.net http://uploadrocket.net/q276tbsbfh2m/Apple_iOS___iPhone_Basics__Expe_-_Chris_Smith.pdf.rar.html Uploading.site http://uploading.site/ik0u1yzgnt2h/Apple_iOS___iPhone_Basics__Expe_-_Chris_Smith.pdf.rar Gigapeta.com http://gigapeta.com/dl/6620912a8600d4 Apple iOS & iPhone Basics_ Expe – Chris Smith.mobi Filescdn.com https://filescdn.com/cmggwugaxkg1/Apple_iOS___iPhone_Basics__Expe_-_Chris_Smith.mobi.rar Dailyuploads.net https://dailyuploads.net/95o1vczd2ys3/Apple_iOS___iPhone_Basics__Expe_-_Chris_Smith.mobi.rar Userscloud.com https://userscloud.com/bwy2me6d1dbh/Apple_iOS___iPhone_Basics__Expe_-_Chris_Smith.mobi.rar Subyshare.com https://subyshare.com/os0jzk6akdyb/Apple_iOS___iPhone_Basics__Expe_-_Chris_Smith.mobi.rar.html Uploadrocket.net http://uploadrocket.net/x51mtfkg8amg/Apple_iOS___iPhone_Basics__Expe_-_Chris_Smith.mobi.rar.html Uploading.site http://uploading.site/xlicwh60erxq/Apple_iOS___iPhone_Basics__Expe_-_Chris_Smith.mobi.rar Gigapeta.com http://gigapeta.com/dl/6620911a1a3ec8 Apple iOS & iPhone Basics_ Expe – Chris Smith.epub Filescdn.com https://filescdn.com/b0l4hy8m4wj2/Apple_iOS___iPhone_Basics__Expe_-_Chris_Smith.epub.rar Dailyuploads.net https://dailyuploads.net/zyuvhom0hjwp/Apple_iOS___iPhone_Basics__Expe_-_Chris_Smith.epub.rar Userscloud.com https://userscloud.com/qezb6ebltq0c/Apple_iOS___iPhone_Basics__Expe_-_Chris_Smith.epub.rar Subyshare.com https://subyshare.com/wvuaav4b2izk/Apple_iOS___iPhone_Basics__Expe_-_Chris_Smith.epub.rar.html Uploadrocket.net http://uploadrocket.net/r34ldnf1cq76/Apple_iOS___iPhone_Basics__Expe_-_Chris_Smith.epub.rar.html Uploading.site http://uploading.site/png19gjpgyt1/Apple_iOS___iPhone_Basics__Expe_-_Chris_Smith.epub.rar Gigapeta.com http://gigapeta.com/dl/6620913a43bbf9 sssddd7 August 7th, 2016 | 17:12 http://www.anafile.com/i80i37qpyhr3.html http://up.media1fire.com/iclgl7bboavd http://rapidgator.net/file/593d3cd1ab58de9b0b0368c463181442/Apple_iOS_&_iPhone_Basics__Expe_-_Chris_Smith.epub.rar.html http://uploading.site/s2j0s7lkvcsn.htm http://uploadrocket.net/xrt4v6xhmp2u/Apple_iOS___iPhone_Basics__Expe_-_Chris_Smith.epub.rar.html https://userscloud.com/oou3hgthfh0a ====================== http://www.anafile.com/7smtuqw2k418.html http://up.media1fire.com/sg6ra8lq223e http://rapidgator.net/file/e578bedd6e3b26b54e26f6b822732035/Apple_iOS_&_iPhone_Basics__Expe_-_Chris_Smith.mobi.rar.html http://uploading.site/1806eo7yx00t.htm http://uploadrocket.net/6zhjycj1ic0h/Apple_iOS___iPhone_Basics__Expe_-_Chris_Smith.mobi.rar.html https://userscloud.com/hdat30415zuw ============================ http://www.anafile.com/0bmk9znibox2.html http://up.media1fire.com/jmteffts228j http://rapidgator.net/file/759fed5de7ef2d7abe75a864467ae84c/Apple_iOS_&_iPhone_Basics__Expe_-_Chris_Smith.pdf.rar.html http://uploading.site/ughl9ow2dkug.htm http://uploadrocket.net/o383gc5vt8sb/Apple_iOS___iPhone_Basics__Expe_-_Chris_Smith.pdf.rar.html https://userscloud.com/ax75uexl9dn6 Leave a reply name (required) email ( will not be shown ) (required)   Search Categories Anime (RSS) Applications (RSS) Android (RSS) iOS (RSS) MAC (RSS) Tutorials (RSS) Windows (RSS) Ebooks (RSS) Comics (RSS) eBook (RSS) Magazines (RSS) Games (RSS) Linux (RSS) MAC (RSS) PC (RSS) PS3 (RSS) PSP (RSS) Wii (RSS) XBOX360 (RSS) Offtopic (RSS) Site news (RSS) Tech News (RSS) MViD (RSS) Staff Picks (RSS) Pages About Releaselog Advertise on RLSLOG! FAQ How-To Help Link eXchange Movie formats Movie sources Privacy Policy RLSLOG Nuke Dictionary Torrent sites Archives Select Month November 2016  (1523) October 2016  (1717) September 2016  (1342) August 2016  (1124) July 2016  (1182) June 2016  (1240) May 2016  (707) April 2016  (572) March 2016  (667) February 2016  (460) January 2016  (673) December 2015  (920) November 2015  (830) October 2015  (726) September 2015  (809) August 2015  (824) July 2015  (877) June 2015  (728) May 2015  (602) April 2015  (724) March 2015  (886) February 2015  (831) January 2015  (1576) December 2014  (1304) November 2014  (907) October 2014  (855) September 2014  (848) August 2014  (688) July 2014  (885) June 2014  (920) May 2014  (908) April 2014  (1074) March 2014  (1045) February 2014  (837) January 2014  (606) December 2013  (707) November 2013  (693) October 2013  (755) September 2013  (657) August 2013  (511) July 2013  (486) June 2013  (592) May 2013  (603) April 2013  (676) March 2013  (677) February 2013  (514) January 2013  (367) December 2012  (347) November 2012  (401) October 2012  (328) September 2012  (405) August 2012  (385) July 2012  (356) June 2012  (392) May 2012  (540) April 2012  (569) March 2012  (588) February 2012  (388) January 2012  (422) December 2011  (602) November 2011  (569) October 2011  (710) September 2011  (603) August 2011  (518) July 2011  (222) June 2011  (393) May 2011  (370) April 2011  (438) March 2011  (456) February 2011  (439) January 2011  (443) December 2010  (533) November 2010  (462) October 2010  (371) September 2010  (320) August 2010  (216) July 2010  (329) June 2010  (302) May 2010  (288) April 2010  (305) March 2010  (320) February 2010  (286) January 2010  (309) December 2009  (293) November 2009  (271) October 2009  (231) September 2009  (354) August 2009  (278) July 2009  (318) June 2009  (377) May 2009  (271) April 2009  (210) March 2009  (236) February 2009  (116) January 2009  (164) December 2008  (143) November 2008  (173) October 2008  (216) September 2008  (254) August 2008  (203) July 2008  (176) June 2008  (209) May 2008  (234) April 2008  (166) March 2008  (190) February 2008  (153) January 2008  (169) December 2007  (180) November 2007  (229) October 2007  (210) September 2007  (134) August 2007  (155) July 2007  (139) June 2007  (145) May 2007  (171) April 2007  (127) March 2007  (137) February 2007  (76) January 2007  (68) December 2006  (88) November 2006  (69) October 2006  (46) September 2006  (39) August 2006  (26) July 2006  (52) June 2006  (33) May 2006  (62) April 2006  (53) March 2006  (51) February 2006  (22) January 2006  (25) Links RSS | IRC | Contact New releases | posts NewTorrents.info Leecher's Lair Rapidshare King PREKiNG RushFlights Most rated Fast and Furious 3: Tokyo Drift soundtrack Russian eBay and Paypal cheaters busted Piracy isn't THAT bad and they know it UK: tougher piracy laws, blacklists of pirates Most popular Mass Effect-DETONATiON Alone In The Dark-iND Grand Theft Auto IV-Razor1911 The Forbidden Kingdom R5 XViD-PUKKA Wanted R5 LiNE XviD-iVE Link exchange Subtitles SoftArchive Dl4all Download GFX EPDM Pond Liner Gaaks Whiskey Decanters more links... Rapidshare King At Cafe 6 (2016) 720p BluRay x264-WiKi At Cafe 6 (2016) 1080p BluRay x264-WiKi At Cafe 6 (2016) Blu-ray 1080p AVC TrueHD 5.1-TTG Jason Bourne (2016) 720p BluRay x264-SPARKS Jason Bourne (2016) 1080p BluRay x264-SPARKS Releaselog © RLSLOG.net 2006-2016
null
null
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Latino Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox News Tech Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air Tech Home Computers Google Video Games Military Tech War Games Slideshows Computers Tech Q&A: Saving your text messages forever, finding great electronics deals By Kim Komando Published August 07, 2016 The Kim Komando Show Facebook0 Twitter0 livefyre Email Print Illustration photo.  (REUTERS/Kacper Pempel) Avoiding phishing scams Q: I’m worried about this email I received from my internet provider about copyright infringement. I don’t download illegal movies or TV shows so how could this be? A: If you are certain that you and members of your household are not illegally downloading content, it sounds like a phishing scam. Fans of the popular HBO series “Game of Thrones” were recently targeted by a fake email that demanded they pay a fee for stolen content. Before you take action with any email in your inbox, it’s best to contact the company directly. Click here to learn more about the 5 scariest internet scams spreading now Remove shared access to a Facebook account Q: Hi Kim, my boyfriend used to have access to my Facebook account but we broke up. I already changed the password but how do I make sure he stays off it? A: To lock down your Facebook account from unauthorized access, go to your Security Settings in the Facebook mobile app and review your Recognized Devices. Delete any device that you’ve granted access in the past. You can also set up Login Alerts so you’ll get notified by phone or email if an unrecognized device tries to log in your account. This feature is also found in the Security Settings. Just click Edit, then Get Notifications. By the way, you can stay updated on important tech security alerts, news and more by liking my page at Facebook.com/KimKomando. Save important text messages forever Q: My mother just passed away and I don’t want to lose the messages she sent me. Is there a way to save text messages from my phone? A: Preserve special messages by using a special application on your computer’s desktop. For Mac users, try PhoneView, which connects to your iOS device wirelessly or via USB. Once it’s hooked up, you can search and view your SMS messages, iMessages and WhatsApp messages on your computer. These messages can then be downloaded to your computer as a PDF file. PhoneView can also save your voicemails in iTunes, so you’ll always be able to hear your mother’s voice. Click here to see an alternative solution if you use a Windows computer. Find the best deals in August Q: My son’s birthday is in October. I want to get him a laptop, but can’t spend too much money. How can I get a good deal? A. You may have a few months before your son’s birthday, but don’t wait. Back to School sales are in full swing, which makes August a great time to save money on laptops. Apple uses this time to roll out sales on its most popular MacBooks. For example, you can get a pair of Beats headphones when you purchase a 1.6 GHz processor MacBook Air for $849, or another eligible product, such as a 13-inch MacBook Pro for $1,200. These deals are available on Apple’s website. You can also find amazing savings on laptops that run Windows. Click here to see which models to look for, and for a full list of products on sale in August. Forgotten passcodes are a thing of the past Q: I recently changed my Android passcode but I can’t seem to remember it. How do I unlock my phone? Help! A: If you have Android Device Manager installed on your phone, use another device to access google.com/android/devicemanager. Sign in with the Google account you used to set up your phone. On the list of available devices, select your phone and then choose “Lock.” A “New Lock Screen” window will appear where you can enter and confirm a new password to unlock your phone. Make sure you always set up a strong passcode when setting up your phone. Click here to see one big passcode mistake phone and tablet owners make without knowing it. Bonus Tip: Turn your phone into a remote control Q: Kim, I’ve heard you say on your national radio show that I can turn my phone into a remote for my Apple TV. How do I do that? A: With the Apple TV Remote app, you don’t have to worry about losing your remote for your Apple TV again. This free download from the App Store makes it easy to find your favorite shows. Swipe your finger left or right, or use the keyboard to type in search terms. You can even use Siri to give voice commands. The app works with 2nd, 3rd and 4th generation Apple TVs, though Siri works only on 4th generation models. Android users can try a similar app called AIR Remote for Apple TV, which is a free download from Google Play. But don’t stop there. Check out this list of five additional things you never knew you could control with your smartphone. Copyright 2016, WestStar Multimedia Entertainment. All rights reserved. On the Kim Komando Show, the nation's largest weekend radio talk show, Kim takes calls and dispenses advice on today's digital lifestyle, from smartphones and tablets to online privacy and data hacks. For her daily tips, free newsletters and more, visit her website at Komando.com. Advertisement Trending in Tech 1 Best Black Friday deals on iPhone 7, Galaxy S7, FitBit, and the Apple Watch 2 Apple just patented an iPhone that clips to your clothes 3 Twitter fail: CEO Jack Dorsey accidentally suspended from platform 4 Facebook has reportedly developed News Feed software to suppress posts in China 5 President-elect Trump still wants Apple to make iPhones in America See all Trends Scitech Connect Subscribe to the daily Geek Sheet for the top science and technology stories. Thank you! Your subscription has been submitted. Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Trending Newsletters Alerts Blogs Mobile Podcasts Radio Fox News Store Apps & Downloads About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Contact Us Email Newsroom FAQ Media Relations Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2016 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes. New Privacy - New Terms of Use (What's New) - FAQ
Home Business Directory Your Health Classifieds Obituaries eEdition Public Notices Advertising Subscriptions Sign in 52° Fair Wednesday November 23, 2016 Payson Roundup | Payson, AZ Jump to content News Today's news Local Business Arts & Entertainment Education Births Couples Obituaries Payson Town Hall Star Valley Sports Opinion Letters to the editor Submit your letter Guest Comment Our View Submit Story idea Photo Engagement Wedding Anniversary Obituaries Birth Letter to the Editor Press release Roundup Blog Social Media Tourism Events Today's events Town of Payson Event Calendar Submit an event Almanac Photos/Videos Buy photos Photos Galleries Videos Archive Videos Audio Documents Outdoors ADVERTISEMENT Christopher Creek Draws Quite A Creative Crowd Another Week in the Creek | By Rod Britain As of Friday, August 5, 2016 Sign in to favorite this Discuss 1 comment, Blog about Share this Email, Facebook, Twitter Advertisement Christopher Creek’s Got Talent is not the name of a reality TV show. However, many are the talents of area residents — among them writers, artists and craftspeople. Take, for instance, Sal Mesta, down on Apple Lane, who is a sculptor of sorts. His medium is odd shapes of dead limbs, knots and burls. He fashions these into a menagerie of exotic, foreign and strange otherworldly animals, which line his driveway. Over at the Grey Hackle Lodge the hostess and landscaper Ingrid Szabo is an artist in her own right. We first discovered this upon seeing her bird’s-eye view of the Loop on a post card. Her inspiration for this artwork was to give guests at the Hackle, Creekside Cabins and Christopher Creek Lodge a “map” to the leash-free dog area along the creek. Following the dog footprints is the feature of this piece. Intrigued by this unique drawing, we came to find that Ingrid at one time had a studio in Jerome. The Hungarian-born artist has an online presence if you Google Ingrid Szabo Fine Art. You will find an interesting biography and an insight into her artwork. In August and September of 1887, 11 of the nearly 40 victims were shot dead in the unpleasantness, which came to be known as the Pleasant Valley War. When driving to Payson, down just before you get to Kohl’s Ranch, if you look off to the right you will see a mesa, denuded of pine in the Dude Fire. That’s Robert’s Mesa. Heading east going up the Rim you will pass by Colcord Road. At the top of the Rim there is a visitors center on Al Fulton Point. Jim Roberts, Bill Colcord and Al Fulton each had a significant and unique role in the war. Roberts was a partisan with the Tewksburys and after the events of 1887 became a famous lawman over in the Camp Verde area. Colcord had a hand in bringing the war to an end among “other” things. Fulton, a sheepherder, may well have been the first victim. The Graham-Tewksbury feud spread some 75 miles from Pleasant Valley, so you might say it was right here in our backyard. There are always folks new to the area and others who want to get up to speed on this significant time in Arizona history. Authors Earle Forrest, Don Dedera and Leland Hanchett have all written books on the subject. The latest and perhaps more insightful piece was written by a neighbor. He lived down the road a mile or so at the R Bar C Ranch in his youth. You could just skip the rest and pick up a copy of Jinx Pyle’s “Pleasant Valley War.” Sun Devil Nation invades Rim Country Saturday morning down at neighboring Camp Tontozona. The location is a half-mile east of Kohl’s Ranch on SR 260. Starting time is 10 a.m., but experience tells me that the prime, shady seating areas are gone by 9 a.m. Grab a lawn chair and get there early! Once again, the folks at the Landmark will host afternoon and evening entertainment and offer and outdoor lunch menu. Leo Wenning says we’ve had nearly six inches of rain thus far for the monsoon. Seventeen inches is average. Breakfast of coffee, chilaquiles and conversation down at Dave Elston’s this week was both enjoyable and enlightening. We find out that Dave’s book “A Year in the Grand Canyon” becomes available in about a week. That’s just in time for his presentation at the Payson Public Library for the Library Friends of Payson at 10:30 a.m., Monday, Aug. 15. Dave will have signed copies available that day or one will find the book on Amazon both in hard copy and e-book form. He allowed me to share his introduction here. “Today, after more than 400 days of hiking, rafting, and experiencing the Grand Canyon over the past 45 years, I am proud and humbled to realize that my plan to spend a year in the Canyon was achieved. “I have followed the trails and footsteps of ancient peoples who eked out a sparse, artistic, and meaningful existence on top and beneath the rims. I have witnessed the delicate tapestry of life and death in one of the most extreme and remote places on earth. I have been fortunate to share many of my most favorite hiking and rafting destinations with close friends and family. And, at this point in my life, I feel a responsibility to be an advocate for this special place that has become my refuge, my church, and my home away from home.” He also shared the “secret” that due to popular demand he will be hosting another wine-tasting event at Sheila’s Creekside restaurant. Time and date have yet to be coordinated ... and that’s another week in the Creek. “Today, after more than 400 days of hiking, rafting, and experiencing the Grand Canyon over the past 45 years, I am proud and humbled to realize that my plan to spend a year in the Canyon was achieved. “I have followed the trails and footsteps of ancient peoples who eked out a sparse, artistic, and meaningful existence on top and beneath the rims. I have witnessed the delicate tapestry of life and death in one of the most extreme and remote places on earth. I have been fortunate to share many of my most favorite hiking and rafting destinations with close friends and family. And, at this point in my life, I feel a responsibility to be an advocate for this special place that has become my refuge, my church, and my home away from home.” He also shared the “secret” that due to popular demand he will be hosting another wine-tasting event at Sheila’s Creekside restaurant. Time and date have yet to be coordinated ... and that’s another week in the Creek. More like this story Salt River Rafting: A blast of a splash An Arizona adventure -- canoeing, kayaking and rafting Area residents looking forward to less smoke Pioneers seldom died of old age, Chapter 10 Monsoon season has arrived Comments Nancy Volz 3 months, 1 week ago Mestas. Sal Mestas. Every time I see his name in this column it is spelled wrong. He's a great guy - his yard in CC makes me smile! Upvote 0 Add photo Post reply Please Login and/or Verify your account to reply Sign in to suggest removal Requires free registration Posting comments requires a free account and verification. Username I have an account. I'm new. Password Forgot? Sign in Password Confirm password Email 
           Sign up Connect with OpenID Or login with: Connect to Facebook Connect to Twitter Google OpenID Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Latest Photos More photos Advertisement Payson Roundup News archives / About / Advertising / Feedback / Contact / Terms of use policy / Staff Submit Story idea / Photo / Engagement / Wedding / Anniversary / Obituary / Birth / Letter to the Editor / Press release Contents of this site are © Copyright 2016 The Payson Roundup. All rights reserved. See our terms of use for RSS feeds.
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Apple’s Lightning EarPods revealed in second video Adam Westlake - Aug 7, 2016 2 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit We’ve quickly reached the point where rumors and leaks about new versions of Apple’s EarPods headphones are just as prevalent as those about the upcoming headphone jack-less iPhone 7 itself. Over the past few weeks, there’s been several questionable images claiming to show a new pair of wired Earpods that use a Lightning connector instead of a standard 3.5mm plug. Then a video surfaced revealing a fairly authentic looking, functional pair of the headphones. Now a second video has been released, offering the best look at a pair of Lightning Earpods yet. The new video, uploaded to YouTube by MobileFunTV, is similar to the previous (which came from EverythingApplesPro) in that the headphones are demonstrated to be fully functional, controlling music playback on an iPhone 6/s while connected to the Lightning port. In addition, we get to hear the audio directly from the earbuds when they’re placed near the camera’s microphone, something the earlier video didn’t offer. The ear pieces themselves and the in-line remote all appear to match the design and quality of Apple’s existing wired EarPods, and the Lightning plug, while a bit longer than usual, does look almost the same as the USB-to-Lightning charging cables. There are still a few small mismatched details, however. Namely, the in-line remote has been positioned farther down on the headphones’ cable, below the right and left split. On the existing EarPods, the remote is found on the right side of the cable, above the split. This, combined with the fact that the video never shows the entire cable on screen at once, means that we could still be looking at a clever fake. Out of all the iPhone 7 rumors and speculation from this year, the most common element is that Apple is removing the 3.5mm headphone jack. In addition, as we heard earlier this week, Apple could also be working on a premium pair of wireless Bluetooth headphones, serving as more evidence that the company wants to move away from reliance on the headphone jack. The iPhone 7 is widely expected to be announced in September, meaning we’re only a few weeks away from finding out if the headphones we see here are an accurate example of what will be included in the box, or if Apple will go with a headphone jack-to-Lightning port adapter instead. SOURCE MobileFunTV/YouTube Story Timeline Apple EarPod headphones leak reveal Lightning connector for iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Lightning adapter leak paints grim picture for headphone jack Apple Lightning EarPods shown in action in new video leak iPhone 7 Plus prototype: wobbly, blue, and smart iPhone 7 prototype shown powered on for the first time Apple's iPhone 7-compatible wireless headphones tipped to feature custom Bluetooth chip Tags AppleEarPodsheadphonesiPhoneiPhone 7leakLightningPhonessmartphone Must Read Bits & Bytes The government wants to cripple your phone while driving The 5 best Black Friday gaming sales of 2016 The 8 best games for an SNES Classic Edition launch How a combined Tesla and SolarCity make sense Google doubles-down on WiFi as Apple eyes the exits Latest Headlines Three Madison Square Garden hack lessons to shop safe on Black Friday Nov 23, 2016 This cool Touch Bar app polishes MacBook Pro task-switching Nov 23, 2016 2016 is saved as Microsoft Solitaire hits iOS and Android Nov 23, 2016 The government wants to cripple your phone while driving Nov 23, 2016 Blizzard Black Friday 2016 sale includes Warcraft, Overwatch deals Nov 23, 2016 Latest Reviews 2016 Subaru WRX STI Review: Backroad Behemoth Nov 22, 2016 Huawei Mate 9 Review Nov 22, 2016 Lenovo YOGA 910 Review Nov 21, 2016 Review: Funlux Smart Wireless Mini CAM security camera Nov 18, 2016 GPD WIN Review: Mobile Windows 10 for gaming Nov 18, 2016 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
null
null
The Apple Photos Book for Photographers: Building Your Digital Darkroom with Photos and Its Powerful Editing Extensions by Derrick Story-P2P Posted on 07.08.2016 at 11:48 in eBook, Ebooks by TheInsertus Apple’s Photos for OS X app was designed from the ground up to help you organize, edit, and share your pictures and videos. While the interface appears simple, finding the hidden nuances of Photos is not so straightforward. There’s more to this app than initially meets the eye. For photographers who are more than just casual snapshooters, or who are making the transition from Aperture or iPhoto, The Apple Photos Book for Photographers by Derrick Story shines a light on the true sophistication of this app and the ecosystem it taps into. From the point of view of a working photographer, Derrick provides everything you need to know to get the most out of the imaging tools built into Mac OS X and iCloud. The Apple Photos Book for Photographers: Building Your Digital Darkroom with Photos and Its Powerful Editing Extensions by Derrick Story-P2P English | ISBN: 1681981181 | 2016 | PDF/EPUB/MOBI | 240 pages | 30.9 MB/22.7 MB/52.0 MB Download PDF: UPLOADED - FILESCDN - NTi Download ePUB: UPLOADED - FILESCDN - NTi Download MOBI: UPLOADED - NTi Comments(4) Previous post: Punk Rock Jesus #1-6 (2012-2013) (COMPLETE) Next post: Dreams of Darkchylde Vol. 1 (2011) (TPB) Comments Feel free to post your The Apple Photos Book for Photographers: Building Your Digital Darkroom with Photos and Its Powerful Editing Extensions by Derrick Story-P2P torrent, subtitles, samples, free download, quality, NFO, rapidshare, depositfiles, uploaded.net, rapidgator, filefactory, netload, crack, serial, keygen, requirements or whatever-related comments here. Don't be rude (permban), use only English, don't go offtopic and read FAQ before asking a question. Owners of this website aren't responsible for content of comments. Mirror2Man August 7th, 2016 | 11:56 Epub Filescdn.com https://filescdn.com/jvvdzmgdupmj/The_Apple_Photos_Book_for_Photographers.epub.rar Dailyuploads.net https://dailyuploads.net/224m15d374tr/The_Apple_Photos_Book_for_Photographers.epub.rar Userscloud.com https://userscloud.com/34k6813f1scp/The_Apple_Photos_Book_for_Photographers.epub.rar Subyshare.com https://subyshare.com/y4gq7nzif11y/The_Apple_Photos_Book_for_Photographers.epub.rar.html Gigapeta.com http://gigapeta.com/dl/6620472a60f44f Uploadrocket.net http://uploadrocket.net/ho4wk5rk4xrv/The_Apple_Photos_Book_for_Photographers.epub.rar.html Uploading.site http://uploading.site/sgocuns080of/The_Apple_Photos_Book_for_Photographers.epub.rar Mobi Filescdn.com https://filescdn.com/5w1thjhl70f6/The_Apple_Photos_Book_for_Photographers.mobi.rar Dailyuploads.net https://dailyuploads.net/jeyjvos91mgb/The_Apple_Photos_Book_for_Photographers.mobi.rar Userscloud.com https://userscloud.com/m321q2jf9u74/The_Apple_Photos_Book_for_Photographers.mobi.rar Subyshare.com https://subyshare.com/w1c6vd4lh4z7/The_Apple_Photos_Book_for_Photographers.mobi.rar.html Gigapeta.com http://gigapeta.com/dl/6620473ae00f91 Uploadrocket.net http://uploadrocket.net/hk9gfnonmi7t/The_Apple_Photos_Book_for_Photographers.mobi.rar.html Uploading.site http://uploading.site/5dw18co378kc/The_Apple_Photos_Book_for_Photographers.mobi.rar Pdf Filescdn.com https://filescdn.com/x7y69m94cb6n/The_Apple_Photos_Book_for_Photographers.pdf.rar Dailyuploads.net https://dailyuploads.net/1wxrys7yygqz/The_Apple_Photos_Book_for_Photographers.pdf.rar Userscloud.com https://userscloud.com/1h68tnl7mdyx/The_Apple_Photos_Book_for_Photographers.pdf.rar Subyshare.com https://subyshare.com/gxmtq4erxp8y/The_Apple_Photos_Book_for_Photographers.pdf.rar.html Gigapeta.com http://gigapeta.com/dl/6620474a5a1e90 Uploadrocket.net http://uploadrocket.net/n9bte4emjkra/The_Apple_Photos_Book_for_Photographers.pdf.rar.html Uploading.site http://uploading.site/cy9bw22bqtb8/The_Apple_Photos_Book_for_Photographers.pdf.rar muse August 7th, 2016 | 12:00 PDF https://filescdn.com/jjz17votovbn https://userscloud.com/k0fvzc4r31fl ePUB https://filescdn.com/ue740ruk4gd7 https://userscloud.com/1cg41ned7vwc MOBI https://filescdn.com/t61mboy9a3nd https://userscloud.com/q1o930t0rn8z cat August 7th, 2016 | 12:03 https://userscloud.com/93ph158vw75y https://filescdn.com/2i18po9wxcc1 sssddd7 August 7th, 2016 | 13:40 http://www.anafile.com/lmka1p3ccvq9.html http://up.media1fire.com/ospd66hljxv1 http://rapidgator.net/file/f4c3703b0574ee076b8a5c404109cbfd/The_Apple_Photos_Book_for_Photographers.epub.rar.html http://uploading.site/rdpkkfy6co1j.htm http://uploadrocket.net/yvvotjanvdnk/The_Apple_Photos_Book_for_Photographers.epub.rar.html https://userscloud.com/lc3bhj3uocex =========================== http://www.anafile.com/ouokmgzkg3f7.html http://up.media1fire.com/oeiqmyklsffj http://rapidgator.net/file/7b4087e218fd11738c8b24a7df33eb06/The_Apple_Photos_Book_for_Photographers.mobi.rar.html http://uploading.site/if7ur0jujtr1.htm http://uploadrocket.net/o174fnbisd94/The_Apple_Photos_Book_for_Photographers.mobi.rar.html https://userscloud.com/nwy091mminq4 =========================== http://www.anafile.com/qnpw77r83wgc.html http://up.media1fire.com/5wk6o3gu7xdu http://rapidgator.net/file/d6da335af791f388970be3c0b44ea609/The_Apple_Photos_Book_for_Photographers.pdf.rar.html http://uploading.site/lgcgg9immw2x.htm http://uploadrocket.net/si8szh3qf0i4/The_Apple_Photos_Book_for_Photographers.pdf.rar.html https://userscloud.com/ldkdnkmnbqov Leave a reply name (required) email ( will not be shown ) (required)   Search Categories Anime (RSS) Applications (RSS) Android (RSS) iOS (RSS) MAC (RSS) Tutorials (RSS) Windows (RSS) Ebooks (RSS) Comics (RSS) eBook (RSS) Magazines (RSS) Games (RSS) Linux (RSS) MAC (RSS) PC (RSS) PS3 (RSS) PSP (RSS) Wii (RSS) XBOX360 (RSS) Offtopic (RSS) Site news (RSS) Tech News (RSS) MViD (RSS) Staff Picks (RSS) Pages About Releaselog Advertise on RLSLOG! FAQ How-To Help Link eXchange Movie formats Movie sources Privacy Policy RLSLOG Nuke Dictionary Torrent sites Archives Select Month November 2016  (1523) October 2016  (1717) September 2016  (1342) August 2016  (1124) July 2016  (1182) June 2016  (1240) May 2016  (707) April 2016  (572) March 2016  (667) February 2016  (460) January 2016  (673) December 2015  (920) November 2015  (830) October 2015  (726) September 2015  (809) August 2015  (824) July 2015  (877) June 2015  (728) May 2015  (602) April 2015  (724) March 2015  (886) February 2015  (831) January 2015  (1576) December 2014  (1304) November 2014  (907) October 2014  (855) September 2014  (848) August 2014  (688) July 2014  (885) June 2014  (920) May 2014  (908) April 2014  (1074) March 2014  (1045) February 2014  (837) January 2014  (606) December 2013  (707) November 2013  (693) October 2013  (755) September 2013  (657) August 2013  (511) July 2013  (486) June 2013  (592) May 2013  (603) April 2013  (676) March 2013  (677) February 2013  (514) January 2013  (367) December 2012  (347) November 2012  (401) October 2012  (328) September 2012  (405) August 2012  (385) July 2012  (356) June 2012  (392) May 2012  (540) April 2012  (569) March 2012  (588) February 2012  (388) January 2012  (422) December 2011  (602) November 2011  (569) October 2011  (710) September 2011  (603) August 2011  (518) July 2011  (222) June 2011  (393) May 2011  (370) April 2011  (438) March 2011  (456) February 2011  (439) January 2011  (443) December 2010  (533) November 2010  (462) October 2010  (371) September 2010  (320) August 2010  (216) July 2010  (329) June 2010  (302) May 2010  (288) April 2010  (305) March 2010  (320) February 2010  (286) January 2010  (309) December 2009  (293) November 2009  (271) October 2009  (231) September 2009  (354) August 2009  (278) July 2009  (318) June 2009  (377) May 2009  (271) April 2009  (210) March 2009  (236) February 2009  (116) January 2009  (164) December 2008  (143) November 2008  (173) October 2008  (216) September 2008  (254) August 2008  (203) July 2008  (176) June 2008  (209) May 2008  (234) April 2008  (166) March 2008  (190) February 2008  (153) January 2008  (169) December 2007  (180) November 2007  (229) October 2007  (210) September 2007  (134) August 2007  (155) July 2007  (139) June 2007  (145) May 2007  (171) April 2007  (127) March 2007  (137) February 2007  (76) January 2007  (68) December 2006  (88) November 2006  (69) October 2006  (46) September 2006  (39) August 2006  (26) July 2006  (52) June 2006  (33) May 2006  (62) April 2006  (53) March 2006  (51) February 2006  (22) January 2006  (25) Links RSS | IRC | Contact New releases | posts NewTorrents.info Leecher's Lair Rapidshare King PREKiNG RushFlights Most rated Fast and Furious 3: Tokyo Drift soundtrack Russian eBay and Paypal cheaters busted Piracy isn't THAT bad and they know it UK: tougher piracy laws, blacklists of pirates Most popular Mass Effect-DETONATiON Alone In The Dark-iND Grand Theft Auto IV-Razor1911 The Forbidden Kingdom R5 XViD-PUKKA Wanted R5 LiNE XviD-iVE Link exchange Subtitles SoftArchive Dl4all Download GFX EPDM Pond Liner Gaaks Whiskey Decanters more links... Rapidshare King At Cafe 6 (2016) 720p BluRay x264-WiKi At Cafe 6 (2016) 1080p BluRay x264-WiKi At Cafe 6 (2016) Blu-ray 1080p AVC TrueHD 5.1-TTG Jason Bourne (2016) 720p BluRay x264-SPARKS Jason Bourne (2016) 1080p BluRay x264-SPARKS Releaselog © RLSLOG.net 2006-2016
null
null
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Black Friday Deals GPS & Sat Nav Mobile Apps Mobile Phone Accessories Mobile Phones Tablets Wearables & Fitness Trending: Black Friday Deals Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / Mobile Phone News / This is probably what the iPhone 7 looks like This is probably what the iPhone 7 looks like by Sean Keach 07 August 2016 0 shares Read Comments With just a few weeks to go until the rumoured iPhone 7 launch, mock-ups of the upcoming Apple smartphone are leaking out in force. A new video has turned up on YouTube that seemingly depicts the iPhone 7, but there’s a catch. The phone in the video isn’t actually the iPhone 7, or even a handset that’s been pilfered from Foxconn’s production line. Instead, it’s a mock-up that’s been built based on leaked blueprints for the phone. The fact that this is a mock-up means that its design could be entirely spurious. But it could also be spot on. After all, the design is very consistent with the other iPhone 7 leaks so far. As such, if you want a good idea of what the iPhone 7 will probably look like, this video is no bad place to start: So what are the key points of interest? For a start, you’ll notice that the antenna banding on the back of the phone is less prominent. There’s also a complete absence of a headphone jack, which is in line with Apple’s rumoured removal of the 3.5mm audio port. In the video, there are three models depicted – apparently, we’re going to see three variants of the iPhone 7. One of those is reportedly set to feature a dual-lens camera, as shown in the video. Unfortunately, as with any leak, this video could have it completely wrong. So we’d recommend taking this leak, and all future iPhone leaks, with due caution. Apple is expected to unveil the iPhone 7 at a dedicated launch event in September this year. The handset is rumoured to feature a number of minor upgrades, with major improvements reserved for next year’s 10th anniversary iPhone 8 – apparently. Related: Samsung Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Watch: The Refresh – Catch up on the latest tech news (Image credit: Martin Hajek, designer) Do you own any Apple products? Tell us why (or why not) in the comments below. Latest Deals From Ebay NEW  Apple iPhone 6S - 16 / 64 / 128 GB (Unlocked) (T-Mobile) (AT&T) $749.99 View Item Apple iPhone 6S (Latest Model) - 64GB - Space Gray (Factory Unlocked) Smartphone $609.99 View Item NEW  Apple iPhone 6S - 16 / 64 / 128 GB (Unlocked) (T-Mobile) (AT&T) $739.99 View Item 0 shares Read Comments Emerald Core August 7, 2016, 10:19 am the only positive thing about iphone 7 is that it will make a good birthday gift to my wife Jurassic August 7, 2016, 3:40 pm These are someone's mock-ups based on the inconsistent rumours that have been going around about the iPhone 7. There have been conflicting rumours that the iPhone 7 will/won't have two 5.5" models (Plus and Pro), and that the 5.5" models will/won't have a Smart Connector on the back, and that the iPhone 7 will/won't have a Force Touch home button. There are some clear give-aways that these are NOT official Apple mock-ups. Both the smaller iPhone 7 and the larger iPhone 7 Plus with the dual lens camera have the exact same model number (A1429) and the same FCC number. Number "A1429" was the model number used for the iPhone 5.﻿ Not only should the model numbers be different, but they should start with "A17" since iPhone 6 models started with "A15" and the iPhone 6S models started with "A16"). Also the "flash" on the backside is just what looks like a piece of solid yellow plastic under the outside glass (no dual LEDs under the glass). When the "iPhone 7" is shown beside the iPhone 6S in the video, the "iPhone" logo on the back of the iPhone 7 is in the wrong font, and the Apple logo looks like it is just silk-screened on instead of the reflective metal like on the iPhone 6S. Also, comparing the gold surface of the "iPhone 7" vs. the iPhone 6S, the surface of the iPhone 7 looks too rough (as if it just has been spray painted on). Also, the ringer switch is wonky. Apple is very detail oriented, and the company would never produce even its "dummy" phones for cellular stores, with this many errors and flaws. It's actually amazing that, with only a month until it is revealed by Apple, there have been no leaks of the actual product yet... Even though the iPhone 7 has probably already started production in advance of going on sale next month. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2016, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Search for: About DCK Data Center World Subscribe Events Training Main menu Skip to primary content Skip to secondary content Companies White Papers Regions Infrastructure Design Power Cooling Green Modular Data Centers DCIM InfoCenter Servers Downtime Networking Sectors Cloud Computing Big Data Bitcoin Executive Government Supercomputing / HPC Managed Hosting Colocation Storage DCIM InfoCenter Webcasts Industry Perspectives Data Center Knowledge Top Trending Articles Previous Article Dissecting the Data Center: What Can - and Can't - Be Moved to the Cloud Next Article Microsoft Applies the ‘Metro’ Model to Operations Security Apple, Google, Microsoft Cash-Rich Tech Companies Can’t Help Tapping U.S. Debt Markets by Bloomberg  on August 4, 2016 Add Your Comments Tweet Technology companies from Apple Inc. to Microsoft Corp. have sold more than $100 billion of debt this year even as they sat on more than half a trillion dollars of cash. They did it for two reasons: they wanted to avoid paying taxes, and just because they could. Bond buyers fleeing negative yields on government debt in Europe and Japan are eager to snap up technology company bonds. The securities are seen as safe while offering higher income than U.S. Treasuries. “There’s just an insatiable thirst for high-quality investment-grade paper,” said Christian Hoffmann, a Santa Fe, New Mexico-based money manager at Thornburg Investment Management Inc., which oversees about $54 billion in assets. Tech companies have sold more than $28 billion of bonds in the last week, and so far this year have already issued about the same amount as they did in all of 2015. They’re selling more debt even as overall corporate bond issuance this year has fallen about a percent to $879.6 billion. “One of the challenges that the overall market is facing this year is that supply is actually down in an environment where there’s a tremendous amount of demand for corporate credit,” said Ashish Shah, head of fixed income at AllianceBernstein, which manages more than $480 billion of assets. Companies including Apple and Microsoft sold debt to avoid paying taxes on cash that was earned overseas, and could be taxed at a 35 percent rate if it were brought back to the U.S. Many firms that sell debt in the industry are financing moves that are friendly to shareholders, like share dividends or acquisitions. Google Sale In its first trip to the bond market in more than two years, Google sold $2 billion of 10-year notes to repay short-term debt on Tuesday. The debt yielded 0.68 percentage point above Treasuries. That was lower than the 0.8 percentage point discussed initially, said a person familiar with the matter who asked not to be named because the deal is private. The average spread for bonds of similar ratings and maturities is 0.91 percentage point, according to Bank of America Merrill Lynch index data. Google had about $78 billion of cash on its books as of the end of June, according to data compiled by Bloomberg, of which about $30 billion was in the U.S. On Monday, Microsoft sold $19.75 billion of bonds to help finance its planned acquisition of LinkedIn Corp. Last week, Apple issued $7 billion of bonds to fund dividend payments and share buybacks. Investors piled into both deals, allowing the companies to cut the interest they pay on the securities. Apple Inc., Dell Inc. and Microsoft Corp. hold three of the top five spots for total investment-grade bond offerings this year. Previous Article Dissecting the Data Center: What Can - and Can't - Be Moved to the Cloud Next Article Microsoft Applies the ‘Metro’ Model to Operations Security Tweet Get Daily Email News from DCK!Subscribe now and get our special report, "The World's Most Unique Data Centers." Email* Country* Please select United States United Kingdom Canada India Netherlands Australia South Africa France Germany Singapore Sweden Brazil -------------- Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil Brit/Indian Ocean Terr. Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Dem. Republic Of Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Terr. Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar United Kingdom Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard/McDonald Isls. Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea (North) Korea (South) Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar N. Mariana Isls. Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Samoa San Marino Sao Tome/Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia and Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovak Republic Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka St. Helena St. Pierre and Miquelon St. Vincent and Grenadines Sudan Suriname Svalbard/Jan Mayen Isls. Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks/Caicos Isls. Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United States US Minor Outlying Is. Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands (British) Virgin Islands (U.S.) Wallis/Futuna Isls. Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Enter your email to receive messages about offerings by Penton, its brands, affiliates and/or third-party partners, consistent with Penton's Privacy Policy. About the Author Bloomberg (59 Posts) Related Stories Cloud Computing Tech Companies Clamor for Cloud Patents by David Hamilton on January 20, 2016 IBM finishes 23rd consecutive year as the most frequent patent filer Read More Shared Among Major Tech Companies, Snapchat, AT&T and Comcast Do the Least to Protect User Data by Chris Burt on May 20, 2014 Transparency reports have become a new standard in the tech industry, according to an Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) report. The fourth annual “Who Has Your Back” report shows that 20 out of 26 top technology companies published transparency reports. Read More DCK Debt Markets Open for Data Center Construction by Colleen Miller on February 23, 2012 The debt markets appear to be welcoming for data center construction funding. In the past eight days, providers of colocation and wholesale data center space have announced $620 million in new debt financing. Read More Equinix Debt Markets Open, Construction to Follow by Rich Miller on June 11, 2009 The deep freeze in the credit markets appears to be thawing, as colocation providers Equinix (EQIX) and Terremark Worldwide (TMRK) announced debt financing this week Read More Level 3 Level 3 Will Sell Stock, Debt to Raise More Cash by Rich Miller on May 30, 2006 Level 3 Communications Inc. (LVLT) will sell 125 million shares of stock and $150 million of convertible debt to the public. Read More Add Your Comments Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (required) (will not be published) Website Get Daily Email News from DCK! Email* Country* Please select United States United Kingdom Canada India Netherlands Australia South Africa France Germany Singapore Sweden Brazil -------------- Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil Brit/Indian Ocean Terr. Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Dem. Republic Of Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Terr. Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar United Kingdom Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard/McDonald Isls. Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea (North) Korea (South) Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar N. Mariana Isls. Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Samoa San Marino Sao Tome/Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia and Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovak Republic Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka St. Helena St. Pierre and Miquelon St. Vincent and Grenadines Sudan Suriname Svalbard/Jan Mayen Isls. Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks/Caicos Isls. Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United States US Minor Outlying Is. Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands (British) Virgin Islands (U.S.) Wallis/Futuna Isls. Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Enter your email to receive messages about offerings by Penton, its brands, affiliates and/or third-party partners, consistent with Penton's Privacy Policy. Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google Plus RSS Feeds Featured Cloud Articles Cold Storage in the Cloud: Comparing AWS, Google, Microsoft Top Cloud Providers Made $11B on IaaS in 2015, but It’s Only the Beginning Featured Cooling Articles Dell Designs Custom Liquid Cooling System for eBay Data Centers Yahoo Wants to Sell Its ‘Chicken Coop’ Data Center Designs Archived Articles Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 Inside DCK About Us Advertise Staff Contact Us Submit News Submit Guest Column Site Map Hot Topics DCIM News Downtime HPC / Supercomputing Facebook Apple Microsoft Google Northern Virginia New York Silicon Valley North Carolina News Channels White Papers Events Calendar Virtualization Consolidation Open Compute Internet of Things Storage Convergence Disaster Recovery Managed Hosting Content Delivery Site Selection Investing Stay Connected Daily Email Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Data Center Videos Humor Webinars Hosting and Cloud Web Hosting Talk HostingCon WHIR Hosting Catalog Hottest Hosts Data Center Data Center Knowledge Data Center World AFCOM Web Development Hot Scripts DB Forums Performance Marketing ABestWeb Consumer Tech Windows Secrets Overclockers Mac Forums Penton Privacy Policy Terms of Services Advertise Hosting By: LiquidWeb Powered by Penton Copyright © Penton Thank you Thank you for providing feedback. We receive a lot of feedback/requests so we cannot always respond immediately. We will do our best to respond to your feedback.
Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds Trib Total Media Contact Us News Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Regional Pennsylvania Business Headlines Briefs Real Estate Columnists Investigative Pittsburgh ICA Justice for Some American Coyotes Cyber Rattling Homegrown Terror Donor Dilemma Rules of Engagement News Blogs U.S./World Nation World Health Now Education Politics Elections 2016 Our Stories Sports Local Pro Teams Steelers/NFL Penguins/NHL Pirates/MLB Riverhounds Local High Schools Colleges Pitt Penn State WVU Duquesne Robert Morris District Colleges More in Sports Columnists Blogs SportsTalk Photo Galleries Videos Auto Racing Outdoors Pro Wrestling U.S./World Golf Local Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Carlynton Cranberry Fox Chapel Monroeville Murrysville North Hills Norwin Penn Hills Penn-Trafford Plum Sewickley South Hills Opinion Columnists Editorials Cartoons Letters Send a Letter Living Arts & Entertainment Architecture Theater & Arts Movies Music Books Museums Players Advantage Crosswords Sudoku Lottery Events Lifestyles Doug Oster Food & Drink Fanfare Out & About Home & Garden Health & Fitness Fashion History Travel Columnists More Lifestyles Multimedia Photography Sports Galleries Video Radio & Podcasts Sports Talk Obituaries News Business Headlines Print How to stop annoying, unknown phone calls By The Tribune-Review | Saturday, Aug. 6, 2016, 9:00 p.m. Email Newsletters Sign up for one of our email newsletters. Question: I keep getting calls from an unknown number. When I answer, no one is there. How can I stop these annoying calls? Answer: Bummer. Your number is probably on a telemarketer's list that uses robotic dialing. Try using a service called Nomorobo. It's free for VoIP landlines and blocks over 271,000 known robocallers. For $4.99 per month, Nomorobo covers your landline and up to three iPhone or Android phones. Also, make sure your phone number is in the Do Not Call Registry. Faster search with Siri Q: I bought the new Apple TV and wow, there are so many movies and television programs to watch. How can I find a specific television show? A: The easiest way is to ask Siri. The latest Apple TVs include a remote control that supports voice searches using Siri. To find your favorite shows quickly, use the command with Siri, “Play (SHOW) season (NUMBER) episode (NUMBER).” If you don't know the specific season or episode number, you can tell Siri other details, such as, “Play the (SHOW) episode with (GUEST STAR).” Try telling Siri as much as you know, and she'll figure out the rest for you. Use free Wi-Fi right way Q: I'm traveling for work next weekend. Is there a way to make the free Wi-Fi signal stronger at the airport? A: Public Wi-Fi is a gamble when it comes to your privacy. Scammers sometimes create honeypot networks and name them Coffee Shop or Airport to trick you. If you must use the public Wi-Fi, take these precautions: avoid websites that require you to enter a username and password, only visit sites that encrypt your data (websites that begin with the letters H-T-T-P-S) and use a VPN. On the Kim Komando Show, the nation's largest weekend radio talk show, Kim takes calls and dispenses advice on today's digital lifestyle, from smartphones and tablets to online privacy and data hacks. For her daily tips, free newsletters and more, visit her website at Komando.com or send her an email. More Business Dow's latest record high shows investor confidence growing Wells Fargo's 'golden parachutes' shackled GM's air bag recall delayed Federal judge blocks rule expanding OT pay Tips can help maximize veterans' GI Bill benefits Subscribe today! Click here for our subscription offers.     Show commenting policy TribLive commenting policy You are solely responsible for your comments and by using TribLive.com you agree to our Terms of Service. We moderate comments. Our goal is to provide substantive commentary for a general readership. By screening submissions, we provide a space where readers can share intelligent and informed commentary that enhances the quality of our news and information. While most comments will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive, moderating decisions are subjective. We will make them as carefully and consistently as we can. Because of the volume of reader comments, we cannot review individual moderation decisions with readers. We value thoughtful comments representing a range of views that make their point quickly and politely. We make an effort to protect discussions from repeated comments â either by the same reader or different readers. We follow the same standards for taste as the daily newspaper. A few things we won't tolerate: personal attacks, obscenity, vulgarity, profanity (including expletives and letters followed by dashes), commercial promotion, impersonations, incoherence, proselytizing and SHOUTING. Don't include URLs to Web sites. We do not edit comments. They are either approved or deleted. We reserve the right to edit a comment that is quoted or excerpted in an article. In this case, we may fix spelling and punctuation. We welcome strong opinions and criticism of our work, but we don't want comments to become bogged down with discussions of our policies and we will moderate accordingly. We appreciate it when readers and people quoted in articles or blog posts point out errors of fact or emphasis and will investigate all assertions. But these suggestions should be sent via e-mail. To avoid distracting other readers, we won't publish comments that suggest a correction. Instead, corrections will be made in a blog post or in an article. Trending CMU professor to aid Trump team on national security Ross police investigate Uber passenger's claim of sexual advances by driver Vandalism doesn't deter Shadyside church from plans for 'Black Lives Matter' sign Daily Gallery View Tuesday — Nov. 22, 2016 Photos from across the region. Most Recent Videos More Videos News Business Neighborhoods Sports Opinion Living Multimedia Obituaries Ways We Deliver Blogs Mobile Email Newsletters eTRIB Digital Replica Buy Trib Photos RSS Subscribe Subscriber Services Our Publications Where to Buy the Newspaper Advertise Digital Sales Promotional Solutions Classifieds Marketplace Jobs Homes Autos eFeatures Images and text copyright © 2016 | Trib Total Media, LLC Reproduction or reuse prohibited without written consent. Terms of Service Feedback | Contact Us
rediff.com Rediff Business News Business Movies Sports Get Ahead  rediff NewsApp  NewsApp (Free)Read news as it happens Available on   Sign in  |  Create a Rediffmail account Rediff News  All News  Rediff.com  » Business » Apple finds it tough to crack India market Apple finds it tough to crack India market August 07, 2016 10:53 IST iPhone sales in June quarter dropped 35% even as smartphone market grew 19% Sales of Apple’s iPhone in India fell by 35 per cent to 0.8 million units during the quarter that ended June 30, halving the company’s market share to 2 per cent from 4 per cent in the same period a year ago. India’s smartphone market grew by 19 per cent in the June quarter to 30.7 million units from 25.8 million units in the same period last year. Smartphones running on Google’s Android OS now control about 97 per cent of the market, according to Boston-based research firm Strategy Analytics. The slump in sales will make it tougher for Apple CEO Tim Cook, who has been looking for ways to expand in India as iPhones sales stagnate in the US and China. Since last year, Cook has stepped up effort in India by overhauling the sales team, adding distributors, opening map development and App development centres and committing to open Apple stores. While India yielded to his plea that it cannot comply with 30 per cent local sourcing for setting up stores, Cook could not get concessions from Prime Minister Narendra Modi-led government to flood the country with cheap refurbished iPhones. India, the world’s fastest growing smartphone market, is also a price sensitive one. Nine out of ten smartphones sold in India cost less than Rs 10,000. The iPhone 5S, a three-year-old model, makes up nearly half of the company’s sales in India. While the device sells for between Rs 20,000 and Rs 30,000, competition from Chinese players such as Xiaomi and Lenovo has pushed down sales. “Apple iOS will need to reduce iPhone pricing to cheaper levels, attract more operator subsidies and enlarge its retail presence through Apple stores or online channels if it wants to regrow significantly in the future,” said Woody Oh, director, Strategy Analytics, in a statement. While sales of Apple’s iPhone in India dropped in the most recent quarter, the company in its recent investor call said that India was among its fastest growing markets. The company said in the nine months that ended June 30, iPhone sales in India grew by 51 per cent. “India is now one of our fastest growing markets. In the first three quarters of this fiscal year, our iPhone sales in India were up 51 per cent year-on-year. We just announced a first of its kind design and development accelerator to support Indian developers creating innovative applications for iOS, and we opened a new office in Hyderabad to accelerate map development. We’re looking forward to opening retail stores in India down the road, and we see huge potential for that vibrant country,” said Cook last month after the quarterly results. For Apple, India is the last large open market to capture. Sales of the iPhone have been falling globally due to saturation in markets such as the US and China. India, on the other hand, has become the fastest growing smartphone market in the world, with sales crossing the 100 million unit mark for the first time last year. Majority of smartphones sold in India continue to be in the lower end. “The India market is not as mature as the China market just yet. It will take 3-4 years to have half a billion smartphone users and hopefully they will be mature enough to pick a flagship smartphone as their next smartphone. I think Apple is still waiting for that to happen,” said Neil Shah, partner, Counterpoint Research in an interview last month. Photograph: Reuters Alnoor Peermohamed in Bengaluru Source: Tags: India, Tim Cook, Strategy Analytics, China, Woody Oh Share this Write a Comment Print this article   MOST RECENT MOST EMAILED MOST COMMENTED Navjot Singh Sidhu's wife Navjot Kaur to join Congress on November 28 Sri Lanka beat West Indies by 1 run to enter final Parliament work washed out for 5th day over demonetisation Amid prayers and fear, a crowded Indore-Patna Express chugs out Indo-Pak DGMOs talk after punitive fire assault by Indian Army After all this fuss, I-T may only probe 1% of assessees! 10 questions Modi wants you to answer on demonetisation 3 FMCG stocks that can make you rich in times of demonetisation Commerce minister: 'There is no panic' Was a painless demonetisation possible? Why Sensex and Nifty tanked almost 6% in six trading days 'It's a surgical strike against the country's poor' BUSTED: 10 demonetisation myths doing the rounds Moneywiz Live! Business emailOffice email AppDomain registrationWebsiteRediffmailMoneyCompany emailOnline ShoppingBooksGiftsVideosBlogsBuzz India Business News  |  Indian Stock Market News  |  Bollywood Movies  |  Indian Cricket News  |  India News  |  India Abroad Person of the Year 2013 © 2016 Rediff.com - Investors - Advertise - Disclaimer - Privacy - Careers - Feedback | Terms of use | India Abroad weekly ▲
Home Probe into derailment of Indore-Patna Express begins Mamata targets Modi, to hit Delhi streets against demonetisation Growth versus environment? India ratifies historic Paris climate deal at U.N. Chennai   | Hyderabad   | Bengaluru   | Delhi   | Mumbai   | Tamil Nadu   | Andhra Pradesh   | Environment   | Cinema   | thREAD   | Metroplus   | Specials    Today's Paper All Sections News News National International Andhra Pradesh Karnataka Kerala Tamil Nadu Telangana Other states Cities Business Business Agri-Business Economy Industry Markets OP-ED Opinion Columns Editorial Interview Readers' Editor Resources Resources The India Cables Elections Topics Events Lit for Life November Fest Life & Style Entertainment Art Cinema Dance History & Culture Music Theatre Motoring Travel Books Literary Review Know Your English Videos Videos Features Cinema Downtown Education Plus Friday Review Magazine Metroplus Property Plus Young World In School Empower Specials Specials In Depth Live Chat Timelines Data Sport Sport Cricket Football Hockey Tennis Races Other Sports Sci-Tech Sci-Tech Environment Health Science Technology Gadgets Internet News National Oppn forces RS to adjourn multiple times over demonetisation Opposition to continue offensive over demonetisation India ratifies historic Paris climate deal at U.N. Andhra Pradesh   | Karnataka   | Kerala   | Tamil Nadu   | Telangana   | Other States    Andhra Pradesh   | Karnataka   | Kerala   | Tamil Nadu   | Telangana   | Other States    International India, China reiterate call to maintain border peace Mother Teresa award for Dhaka cafe attack victim South Asia   | World    South Asia   | World    Opinion The age of post-truth politics Quick fixes for deep-rooted issues We need a win-win situation for fishermen on both sides: Samaraweera Understanding Article 370 At the Bharatiya Janata Party’s recent Lalkar rally in Jammu, its prime ministe... Cartoon   | Columns   | Editorial   | Interview   | Lead   | Letters   | Comment   | Open Page   | Readers' Editor    Business Give tax breaks for digital payments, says Niti Aayog Equities erase all of 2016 gains Agri-Business   | Budget   | Industry   | Economy   | Markets   | Stock Quotes    Sport Shastri sees no threat to India’s top ranking Take out Virat’s runs, we had put India under pressure: Cook Cricket   | Football   | Hockey   | Tennis   | Races   | Other Sports    Videos Features Sci-Tech Crossword Cities Mumbai Mumbai Local Bombay Showcase Mumbai » Bombay Showcase August 7, 2016 Updated: August 11, 2016 19:59 IST Reeling in the millennials Dipti Kharude Comment   ·   print   ·   T  T   T+  ·   T- Tweet Excited:Saavn will back Raghu Dixit’s global tour.—Photo: Special Arrangement Digital company, Saavn is all set to expand its original programming with 13 new audio shows ‘Video killed the radio star’ is turning out be an outdated adage. When Apple launched a podcasting channel in iTunes in 2005, downloadable podcasts started catching on. Later, it launched its Podcasts app for mobile users. Soon after, apps like Stitcher and Pocket Casts followed. Podcasts seem to be changing the game in the US and Saavn, an erstwhile music-only product has decided to be bullish about this new wave. Currently accessed in 196 countries, Saavn offers 30 million tracks in 13 languages and their competition is Indian podcasts like Audiomatic and Indicast. After foraying into audio entertainment streaming in April this year with a line-up of original non-music audio programmes ranging from comedy and storytelling to mythology and cricket, Saavn is set to launch around 13 new shows in August and September. The highlights of the new roster of original programming are shows like Film Companion with Anupama Chopra , #NoFilter Neha , a talk show hosted by Bollywood actor Neha Dhupia, and the new instalment of Saavn’s Artist-in-Residence (AiR) programme with the acclaimed indie musician, Indian singer-songwriter and composer, Raghu Dixit. Gaurav Wadhwa, Vice-President, Entertainment and Originals, Saavn is spearheading this expansion beyond music streaming by building verticals in entertainment, sports and original programming. According to him, the development is aimed at reeling in more millennials. “We wanted to move away from content at license from someone else to exclusivity. The Bollywood influence will be distinct since 60-70 per cent of our streams come from Hindi film music. Data analytics have helped us identify the genres to focus on,” says Wadhwa. Tour de force Film Companion hosted by critic Anupama Chopra on YouTube is a platform for film lovers with cinema content like reviews, interviews and video essays. Since it has amassed a firm credibility over the past two years, the show on Saavn is intended to be an extension. “This is in many ways complementary. Anupama inhabits the world of TV and internet, and we now want to represent her world on our audio platform. It would be like a symbiosis,” says Wadhwa, while affirming that both the visual and aural entertainment formats can cohabit genially. He adds, “It will feature interviews with film personalities, as well as an in-depth look at what’s worth watching in India’s ever-growing movie scene.” Premiering on August 11, in the first special episode, Anupama Chopra will be talking to a panel comprising music director duo Vishal-Shekhar, composer, musician, singer and lyricist Amit Trivedi, and music composer and guitarist, Ehsaan Noorani, on the changing landscape and future of Bollywood and the music industry. It will stream twice weekly, every Thursday and Friday on Saavn. “In #Nofilter Neha , the hostess will rely on tongue-in-cheek humour for some no-holds-barred conversations from Bollywood A-listers. Imagine revelations like who’s sexting whom. When the camera is off, celebrities are at ease and the content, exciting,” says Wadhwa. Apart from aspiring to create original quality programming and bringing India’s best talent in storytelling to the mobile phones of listeners, Saavn wants to be the home of artists and creators. Artist-in-residence (AiR) offers a platform to new musicians to take their music to the world. In April, popular electronic artist Nucleya was announced as Saavn’s AiR . With this initiative, Nucleya’s music could be streamed and heard in over 29 countries, and allowed Nucleya to collaborate with homegrown and international artistes. “We want to make Indian indie artists big outside of India. We know Raghu Dixit will knock it out of the park,” says Wadhwa. Raghu Dixit says, “I love the freedom and full control over the content being created.” To kick off Dixit’s debut as Saavn’s AiR , Saavn will be backing Dixit’s global tour, Masterplan for Happiness , by promoting the tour through their app and social channels. Disruption vs. Play it Safe Mobile is the new frontier and Wadhwa is exhilarated about the possibilities in the audio format. “Though many people own smartphones, bandwidth and data plans remain problems. Audio streaming, as opposed to video, is marked by a lower consumption of bandwidth. We are building a new category of audio entertainment and we are excited,” he says. Wadhwa laments the daily struggle of choosing disruption over taking the unimaginative safe route. “Disruption comes in many forms. Our show Time Machine, featuring mythological stories, has nostalgic value but it is designed for the young. The artwork for the promotion was done by a graffiti artist. That is disruption. Artists like Neelesh Misra who have had audiences on radio can now reach out to a wider base of listeners. In a tie-up with Red FM, we have sourced horror stories which were once aired on the radio station. If you hear something on radio, it is gone after you listen to it.” ‘ He adds that creating this archive enables us to create a repository of content on demand. “Along with this collection, new stories will be aired on Ek Kahani Aisi Bhi . The medium itself is a disruption. You cannot multitask with videos, but audio allows us that. I anticipate friends making decisions like which movies to catch by listening to Anupama’s reviews while driving to the theatre. That is also disruption,” says Wadhwa. He adds that the sweet spot in terms of duration of audio shows differs geographically. “It depends on factors like drive time, chai time and average exercise time. In India, commute time is about 45 minutes. Accordingly, the cap for the length of our shows is 30 minutes,” he says. The author is a freelance writer More In: Bombay Showcase | Mumbai Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... This article is closed for comments. Please Email the Editor Puducherry-Saving a Global Heritage Following a seven-day cinema diet Curtains come down on MAMI Curating history through cinema When cinema imitates life Read more... Today's Paper ePaper This Day That Age Crossword Archive Group Sites The Hindu தி இந்து Business Line BL on Campus Sportstarlive Frontline The Hindu Centre Images Classifieds RoofandFloor O P E N close Recent Article in Bombay Showcase A highly recommended underdog Thrilling gameplay and beautiful visuals make Titanfall2 a worthy purchase » The Hindu: Home | Today's Paper | News | National | International | Opinion | Business | Sport | Videos | Features | Sci-Tech | Crossword | The Site: | About Us | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Contacts | Archive | Subscribe | RSS Feeds | Site Map Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Classifieds | Comments to: web.thehindu@thehindu.co.in  Copyright© 2016, The Hindu
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Xaume Olleros/Bloomberg One of Australia's Top-Performing Funds Is on a Tech Spree Ruth Liew @Ruth_Liew10 More stories by Ruth Liew August 1, 2016 — 3:38 AM EDT August 1, 2016 — 6:58 PM EDT IPhone maker is biggest holding of A$7.9 billion global fund Magellan wants exposure to companies where AI gets ‘monetized’ The decline in Apple Inc.’s share price over the past year has failed to deter one of Australia’s top performing equities managers from boosting its exposure to the iPhone maker and other technology firms as they embark on an “arms race” that’s set to upend global business. Exclusive insights in your inbox, from our technology reporters around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology. Sign Up Business Your daily briefing on the most important business stories of the day. You will now receive the Business newsletter Politics The latest political news, analysis, charts, and dispatches from the campaign trail. You will now receive the Politics newsletter Markets Everything you need to know about what’s moving markets, in your inbox daily. You will now receive the Markets newsletter Pursuits The coolest cars to drive, the latest gadgets to ogle, the hottest places to travel. You will now receive the Pursuits newsletter Game Plan The school, work and life hacks you need to get ahead. You will now receive the Game Plan newsletter Magellan Financial Group Ltd.’s flagship fund is also betting on software maker Microsoft Corp. and Alphabet Inc., owner of the Google search engine and the Android mobile operating system. While Apple, the Magellan Global Fund’s top holding, lost 13 percent in the past 12 months and has been one of the biggest drags on its performance, the others have both gained more than 20 percent over the same period. Magellan wants to own businesses where artificial intelligence “will get monetized” and companies such as these provide avenues to do so, Magellan Chief Executive Officer Hamish Douglass said in an interview Monday. Artificial intelligence is approaching a “tipping point of exponential technological advancement,” he said in the company’s annual report to investors. The A$7.9 billion ($6 billion) Magellan Global Fund has beaten all but 2 percent of its peers in the five years to July 27, delivering an average annual return of more than 20 percent, although its 0.9 percent loss over the past 12 months has been less stellar, according to data compiled by Bloomberg as of July 28. Douglass said the fund has more than doubled its exposure to technology stocks in the past two years as it bets innovations in artificial intelligence will reshape how companies conduct business. Massive Advances “I describe it as a nuclear arms race that’s occurring,” he said by phone. “Many of these big technology platform companies appear to be making massive advances in machine-learning, voice recognition.” Other technology firms that feature in Douglass’s portfolio include Larry Ellison’s Oracle Corp., chipmaker Intel Corp. and online marketplace eBay Inc., according to the annual report. He is also backing credit card company Visa Inc. and fast-food franchiser Yum! Brands Inc., while home improvement chain Lowe’s Cos. and CVS Health Corp. round out his 10 biggest investments. The biggest contributors to the fund’s returns in the year through June 30 were Microsoft, Lowe’s and Visa, while the biggest detractors were U.K. lender Lloyds Banking Group Plc, supermarket owner Tesco Plc and Apple. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now No Evidence of Aloe Vera Found in the Aloe Vera at Wal-Mart, CVS How Apple Lost China to Two Unknown Local Smartphone Makers These Charts Show That Trump Is Bringing the 1990s Back to Markets Tesla Shock Means Global Gasoline Demand Has All But Peaked Siberian Snow Theory Points to an Early and Cold Winter in U.S. Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Sunday, 7 August 2016 | MYT 9:00 AM Google, Facebook and Apple draw hordes of tech tourists by ethan baron On the itinerary: A tourist posing for photos at the Android Garden on the Google campus in Mountain View, California. Iconic high tech firms in Silicon Valley have become tourist destinations. — Bay Area News Group/TNS SAN FRANCISCO: Move over, Alcatraz; clear some way, cable cars; and back off, Mickey: Silicon Valley is giving San Francisco and other Golden State attractions a run for their money when it comes to drawing hordes of tourists.  Because for some tourists, taking a selfie in front of Facebook is all part of the vacation plan.  "We are all the way from India," said Pavi Rajkumar, with family members at Facebook's "thumbs-up" sign outside its Menlo Park headquarters on a recent morning. Alongside Rajkumar was her nephew Shriman Sendhil, who spends two to three hours a day on the social network and claims 1,000 Facebook friends.  "This is the only thing that woke him up," Rajkumar said of the visit to the company. "Disneyland didn't work."  Quietly but indubitably, tech tourism has become a thing. Hundreds of people a day visit the Facebook sign and Google's Android sculpture garden in Mountain View, with many stopping at other tech giants as well, snapping photos and shooting video. And they don't even get to go inside.  "What you're seeing are people on a pilgrimage," said Stanford communications professor Fred Turner, who regularly drives past Facebook and ponders the selfie-seeking travellers. Most technology tourism is of the do-it-yourself variety, but several companies offer customised tours.  Turner compared the new breed of tourists to pilgrims who travelled to the Holy Land in the Middle Ages to visit churches engaged in large-scale colonialism.  "We now see pilgrimages to firms that in ways both good and bad are colonising our everyday lives," Turner said. "Folks are looking for a physical place behind the kind of dematerialised experience that they have online."  A visit to Google's Android garden in Mountain View presents a physical place, and more: Here, tourists walk among super-sized representations of the operating system's mascots, including a hulking doughnut, immense cupcake and giant ice-cream sandwich, representing the 11 Android iterations.  "We use Google every day, every hour, so we wanted to visit it," said Daniel Rezende, 34, an electrical engineer from Brazil on vacation with his wife, Monica, a 37-year-old dentist. "It's an important place."  Turner's pilgrimage theory also seems to explain why Canadians Vicky Hsu and Philip Huang were at the Facebook sign with their baby and a selfie stick, about 1,000 miles from their Vancouver home.  "We use (Facebook) every day," said Hsu, 30, a banker. Huang, a 37-year-old airport shop manager, gestured toward Facebook's sprawling campus and said, as might be predicted, "It's pretty cool, eh?" They planned to drop in at Google next.  Mostly, tech tourists are not focused on a single company. They hopscotch from firm to firm.  "We just came from Oracle, then we go to HP, Google; we're going to do Tesla, Intel, eBay and Yahoo. And Apple, I forgot Apple," said Ray Santiago, of San Francisco, escorting his friend Eiji Matsumoto, from Tokyo, on a do-it-yourself tour that brought them to the Facebook sign. Matsumoto owns a Japanese company that designs websites.  "That's why I like to see the high-tech companies," said Matsumoto, 46. "Everything is huge, just huge. One company is like one city in Japan."  For the Rezendes, of Brazil, watching Googlers pedal the company's famous multi-coloured employee bikes around the campus highlighted a difference between job requirements at Google and those in Brazil. "Usually we work on just one duty and don't move from building to building," Daniel Rezende said, before he and Monica headed off to visit Apple's headquarters in Cupertino.  It's a short walk from the sculptures to Google's merchandise shop, where a branded sweatshirt costs around US$20 (RM80), a Google lollipop will set you back less than US$3 (RM12), and the most popular purchases among the 300 to 500 people who visit daily are, according to a staffer, Android figurines for US$8 (RM32) to US$15 (RM60) and Google T-shirts for US$15 (RM60).  The notoriously secretive Silicon Valley tech giants offer no public tours of their facilities but generally allow limited public access. Naturally, some visitors push the envelope.  "You need to know a staff member to get a tour," an Australian visitor to Google noted on TripAdvisor in March. As a consolation, the Australian suggested an unauthorised escapade frowned upon by company security. "Can ride a Google bike around the outside of the campus if wanted though," the visitor wrote.  Like Google, Facebook and Apple, Tesla has a branded-merchandise shop at its Palo Alto headquarters. Visitors are prohibited from exploring beyond the lobby, where the shop is located. "They come and try to take pictures of the cars," said a security guard posted in a rear parking lot. "We kick 'em out. That's why we're here."  Some tourists' expectations go unmet. "It was nice to walk between the buildings, take some pictures and see the employees enjoy their lunch break," a visitor to Google's campus posted on a Google Plus thread about Silicon Valley tourism, before griping that Google provided no bathroom access. "We were redirected to a nearby public park," the traveller sniffed.  A TripAdvisor user from London recalled a disappointing incident from a visit to Google. "We got told not to use the Google bikes as they are for employees only, which was a bit of a shame," the traveller complained.  At one of the handful of companies offering Silicon Valley tours, the trip to see the tech icons has been the most popular of its 14 Bay Area tour options for the past year.  "The selfies are the main thing," said Tours By Locals guide Caesar Cypriano, 55. "They do all their postings, and then people on the other side of the globe go, 'Wow, I wish I were there!'" — The Mercury News/Tribune News Service You May Be Interested EU rules to stem payment fraud may disrupt €6bil of e-commerce: Visa Yew Sin-Ee Yi continue fine run in Hong Kong Pokémon Go: Dittos are hiding in plain sight Fraud in Felda Global Ventures Rejuvenate yourself with American ginseng Apple issues recall on September, October 2015 iPhone 6S Others Also Read A match by match look at the English Premier League M’sia, Thailand to begin talks on Bangkok-KL HSR project - Thai Minister Japan enlists Sailor Moon to promote safe sex advertisement Latest News Philippines money laundering body charges bankers for ignoring cyberheist Google nears tax settlement with Indonesian government: sources The new Vivo V5 takes the selfie crown Self-driving car group urges US regulators to clear road Singapore unveils self-driving scooter, ideal for phone-obsessed walkers Most Viewed in Tech Apple issues recall on September, October 2015 iPhone 6S Viral video will crash your iPhone The new Vivo V5 takes the selfie crown Pokémon Go: Dittos are hiding in plain sight Google nears tax settlement with Indonesian government: sources Self-driving car group urges US regulators to clear road Israeli firm can steal phone data in seconds Singapore unveils self-driving scooter, ideal for phone-obsessed walkers Pokémon Go says thanks and reshuffles CP Watch your self-ie! India tops ranking for selfie deaths Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)

null
Log in Sign up Login with Facebook Login with Google Go Advanced News Reviews Phones Home News Blog Reviews Comments (41) Post your comment Apple Lightning EarPods shown off on video 07 August, 2016 We have been seeing pictures of Apple's Lightning EarPods for a while now, the same ones that will supposedly be shipped with the iPhone 7 that will supposedly come without a headphone jack. The video below by Mobile Fun, UK's largest online mobile accessory retailer, shows a working pair of Lightning EarPods. The design seems consistent with Apple's current EarPods. The major differences are of course a Lightning connector instead of a standard 3.5mm TRRRS connector. The remote module is also bigger, most likely to house the DAC/amp if the Lightning EarPods use a digital connection. The speakers look identical so it's unlike the sound is going to change in any way. There are questions regarding whether Apple is going to ship these with the phone but if Apple does remove the headphone jack, which it now seems it will, it's highly likely the Lightning EarPods will come with the phone as the iPhone has always shipped with a pair of earphones inside the box. It's unlike we will see an adapter though, the kind that comes with Motorola or LeEco phones without a headphone jack. Apple would want to sell you that separately. Via Share Facebook Twitter © 2000-2016 GSMArena.com All brands | Privacy | Terms | Contact us Desktop version
null

MSPU Windows Phone Windows 10 Surface Xbox Enterprise Tip us Settings Text Input: Windows 10 Windows Phone Surface Xbox Enterprise Settings Tip us Forum Text Input: Apple criticized for bringing toy gun to emoji battle 0 by Surur  @mspoweruser Aug 6, 2016 at 20:30 GMT4 months ago The BBC reports that Apple has come under some criticism for replacing their gun emoji with a version that looks like a water pistol. “The thing is, emojis already look different on different platforms and it does cause confusion,” Jeremy Burge, editor of Emojipedia, told the BBC.  “When we’re dealing with guns and toys as a comparison, that’s a whole new level of problems that we have there.” While Microsoft has recently changed their own gun emoji from a stylized ray gun to a generic revolver, to “map to industry designs or our customers’ expectations of the emoji definition” Apple went the other direction by changing their gun to a water pistol in a response to gun violence. Emojipedia argues that the symbol may cause confusion when sent to non-iOS devices, with potential dangerous consequences. “Apple has the most prominent emoji set that people use,” said Mr Burge. “I think it has a high responsibility to be a bit cautious.” Microsoft and Apple have previous cooperated on having the proposed rifle emoji dropped by the Unicode consortium. Do our readers agree with Apple or Microsoft’s approach? Let us know below. Some links in the article may not be viewable as you are using an AdBlocker. Please add us to your whitelist to enable the website to function properly. Source The BBC Related emoji microsoft windows 10 Tweet Share 0 Read these next Trending Microsoft’s Home Hub appears to be on the Windows and Device Group product roadmap by Surur 0 Trending Microsoft is bringing Xbox One game streaming to the Oculus Rift on Windows 10 by Mehedi Hassan 0 Comments Advertisement MSPoweruser Podcast MSPoweruser Podcast 22: No Phone Left Behind by Andrew Bennett on November 21, 2016 It doesn’t matter if your phone’s running the fast ring, slow ring, or even stuck on 10586 – Windows 10 Mobile users have plenty of updates to enjoy downloading this week, ... Subscribe Now Windows 10 Microsoft’s CEO Satya Nadella wants to build the ‘the ultimate mobile device’ by Mehedi Hassan on November 22, 2016 Many Microsoft execs have been spoken of building new category of devices lately. This, of course, includes Satya Nadella. In a recent interview, Nadella acknowledged the fact that Microsof... HP Elite x3 snags a new firmware update by Sean Chan HP has started rolling out a new firmware update for the Elite x3. The latest firmware update takes the software to 0002.0000.0018.0105. This update does not seem to include any new features... Microsoft’s Home Hub appears to be on the Windows and Device Group product... by Surur We reported earlier that the software foundations for Microsoft’s Home Hub have been spotted, showing that it would allow access to a Family Desktop above the Lock Screen featuring ... Cartoon texture pack now available on Minecraft: Pocket and Windows 10 Editions by Pradeep Mojang today announced the availability of Cartoon texture pack on Minecraft Pocket and Windows 10 Editions. A Minecraft texture pack to surprise and amuse you. Even the spiders are happy! T... ASUS ROG G701VI gaming laptop with NVIDIA GTX 1080 now available for order in th... by Pradeep Earlier this month, ASUS announced the updated ROG G701VI gaming laptop with NVIDIA GTX 1080 card. The VR Ready NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1080 graphics card used in ROG G701VI provides improved gra... Deals Deals Deal: Get ReCore Xbox One game for just $19.99 You can now get the popular adventure game ReCore for just $19.99 from Amazon. Experience a new masterpiece from Keiji Inafune and the makers of Metroid Prime. Explore a dynamic world in a ... Deal: Save up to £30 on Office for a limited time from Microsoft Store UK You can now save up to £30 on Office for a limited time from Microsoft Store UK. Office 365 Home, Office Home & Student 2016 for Mac and Office Home and Student 2016 are available on di... Black Friday Deal: Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core m3, Surface Pen and Type Cover ... Microsoft Store UK’s Black Friday Deal for Surface Pro 4 device is now available online. Get a Surface Pro 4 with 128GB / Intel Core m3, Surface Pen and Type Cover for just £599. You ... Deal: Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core i5/128GB for $799, plus add a Type Cover for... Microsoft Store is now offering a discount of $200 for the Core i5/128GB Surface Pro 4 device in the United States. You can now get a Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core i5, 128GB SSD and ... Deal: Save $250 on entry-level Surface Book device from Microsoft Store Microsoft Store is now offering $250 discount on the entry level Surface Book device. Surface Book Intel Core i5/8GB RAM/128GB device (non-gpu) model is now available for $1249. Surface Book... Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core i5 and 256GB storage for £969 Microsoft Store is now offering a discount of £110 for the Core i5/256GB Surface Pro 4 device in the UK. You can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core i5, 256GB SSD and 4GB RAM for ... Microsoft Store to offer great deals on Surface, Windows 10 PCs and Xbox for thi... Along with the great deals on Xbox One consoles and Xbox games, Microsoft today announced that they will be offering great deals from Microsoft Store for this Black Friday. Find the details ... Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core m3/128GB SSD and Alcantara Type Co... BestBuy retail stores are now offering a great deal on the entry level Surface Pro 4 device in the United States. You can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core m3, 128GB SSD and 4GB ... Xbox One clearance sale now available from Microsoft Store UK, save up to £200 Microsoft Store UK is going early with the Black Friday Deals. Today, Microsoft Store UK has started selling Xbox One bundles starting at just £199. For example, you can get the Xbox One ... HP’s Black Friday Sale deals revealed, includes several Windows laptops HP’s Black Friday Sale deals were revealed yesterday. It includes number of Windows laptops, desktops, PC accessories, monitors, etc,. For example, you can save up to $729 on HP Elit... Forums About Us Contact Us Tip Us Submit Articles Community Guidelines Privacy Policy © 2016 MSPoweruser - All rights reservedNot associated with Microsoft   Top

MacDailyNews WELCOME HOME! Apple and Mac News Login · Register News Opinion Contact App Facebook Tumblr Twitter RSS Archives Widget Opinion Archive Nov 2016 What’s really wrong with Apple’s Mac Pro? Nov 2016 What's Apple going to ax next? Nov 2016 It’s about time Apple killed the Airport hardware line Nov 2016 Apple's repatriation and share buyback could Trump all Nov 2016 No, Apple’s next big thing won’t be smart glasses Current Headlines Latest Joy of Tech 9to5Mac 9to5Toys Lunch Break: Apple Watch Series 1 $200, Nest Cam/Thermostat $50 off, Fitbit Alta $100, more Need money for Black Friday? Sell those depreciating gadgets cluttering up your desk drawer quickly and easily Microsoft brings its classic Solitaire PC game from Windows to iPhone and iPad Review: Kanex GoPower Watch is an ideal travel charger that can refuel Apple Watch over a weekend Feature Request: Allow users to add spacers into the macOS dock without using a Terminal hack Happy Hour Podcast 095 | Apple’s holiday ad, Thanksgiving Apple Watch challenge, and the fate of AirPort routers Trump tells Tim Cook directly he wants Apple to make products in the USA, promises tax incentives Design book and Gruber podcast fuel speculation on whether Jony Ive is ‘on the way out’ from Apple KGI: Apple to incorporate wireless charging into ‘all-glass’ iPhone 8 in 2017, but wireless charger may not be bundled in the box Latest Strategy Analytics data shows Apple captured record 91% of smartphone industry profits during Q3 Apple partners with Indian ride-hailing service Ola to bring Apple Music to passengers The best 4K & 5K USB-C and Thunderbolt 3 displays for MacBook Pro & MacBook 9to5Toys Last Call: Nest Thermostat $200, Seagate 2TB Portable HDD $70, more How to network two MacBook Pros together via Thunderbolt 3 [Video] Satechi’s $35 Smart Charging Stand can power up to four smartphones w/ optional Apple Watch & Fitbit docking MacRumors Donald Trump Tells Tim Cook He'll Offer Apple 'Very Large Tax Cut' to Make Products in America Jony Ive Said to Be 'As Connected to Product Design as Ever' Following Speculation About His Role iPhone 8 to Feature All-Glass Casing in Order to Support Wireless Charging iPhone Generated Record-Breaking Share of Profits Last Quarter Despite Continued Sales Decline Apple Inks Apple Music Deal With Indian Ride-Hailing Company Ola Black Friday Deals on Apps and Software for iPhone, iPad, and Mac BeatsX Release Rumors Point to December Launch Date DirecTV Now Supports Single Sign-on for Upcoming 'TV' App on iOS and Apple TV Apple Teases One-Day Black Friday Shopping Event Samsung Plans to Launch 'Jet Black' Version of Galaxy S7 in Early December AppleInsider Apple Deals: Save $169 to $299 on 27-inch iMac 5Ks & 21.5-inch iMac 4Ks with AppleCare Twitter plans crackdown on developers & organizations exploiting data for surveillance Samsung races to match Apple's iPhone 7 with new glossy black Galaxy S7 2017 4.7" LCD 'iPhone 7s' predicted to become Apple's new mid-range affordable handset President-elect Trump considers potential Apple manufacturing in US a 'real achievement' All 2017 iPhones expected to feature wireless charging and glass casing US regulators ask smartphone makers to implement function-limited 'driver mode' Apple grabs record 91% share of global smartphone profits in Q3, analyst says Apple partners with Indian ride-hailing firm Ola to offer in-car Apple Music experience T-Mobile offers 'free' iPhone 7 with Black Friday trade-in promotion MacNN Goodbye from MacNN, and Managing Editor Mike Wuerthele Rumor Roundup: Oh yes it is! Oh no it isn't! Spotify claims app update rejection by Apple 'raises serious concerns' Best of MacNN: the MacNN Podcast, episode 25: My Stupid Cat's Fault MacNN Deals: Increase your productivity with these Mac apps Best of MacNN: Lawyer sues Apple for not preventing his porn addiction Hands On: macOS Sierra, part two Tekserve closing NYC store on July 31 after 29 years of service Giveaway: Final reminder of all current MacNN Deals competitions Bang & Olufsen unveils Beoplay H5 wireless earphones Daring Fireball ★ On Jony Ive’s Role at Apple White Nationalists Exult in Donald Trump’s Election With a Salute: ‘Heil Victory’ A Nepotistic Kook for National Security Advisor Now Is Not the Time to Criticize the Galaxy Note 7 Jony Ive and Marc Newson Create Room-Size Christmas Tree for Claridge’s Bloomberg: ‘Apple Abandons Development of Wireless Routers’ Victory: A Charting Library for React.js and React Native The Talk Show: ‘Fork the Universe’ ‘Quite Literally’ The Right Way to Oppose Trump T-GAAP Will a President Trump or Clinton Help Apple The Most? Back to Steve Jobs 4-Quadrant Mac Approach Apple Just Made Notebook Touch Screens Stupid Samsung Note 7 Owners Were Loyal To Samsung, Not Android Apple's Desktop Macs Are In Trouble Cult of Mac Check out this week’s best tech, tools and lessons [Deals] Apple Stores go green in advance of Earth Day Apple taps Surface Pro hinge maker for super-thin MacBooks How Steve Jobs and the industrial design team saved Apple, this week on The CultCast Use free Snapseed on iPad to tune your photos to best effect Apple reveals how long its devices typically last Drawings reveal new buildings inside Apple’s ‘spaceship’ campus Apple reaches deal with Samsung to buy OLED iPhone displays iPhone recycling is Apple’s latest gold mine Apple looks to paid search to ‘improve’ discoverability on App Store Macworld UK Apple VR UK release date and feature rumours | Apple AR glasses rumours Apple Watch 3 release date, price, features and specs rumours Best Apple Watch: Apple Watch buying guide 2016 How to avoid iPhone crashing video bug | How to fix iOS crashing video bug Best Mac tools | Best iPhone tools: Ultimate Apple toolkit for repairs, upgrades iPhone 7 review: An attractive smartphone... unless you own an iPhone 6s Best iPod: iPod buying guide 2016/2017 34 tips to boost iPhone & iPad battery life Latest Apple product recalls and free repair programmes iPhone 8 release date rumours UK | iPhone 8 specs & new features CNET iPhone Update Make your iPhone read aloud to you - CNET Moment lenses are ready for your iPhone 7 - CNET iOS 10 notifications look the same, but work a lot differently - CNET 9 reasons you should keep your current iPhone - CNET Why you'll soon forget the iPhone ever had a headphone jack - CNET Apple could launch an iPhone with curved screen - CNET iPhone 7 may sport pressure-sensitive home button, Space Black paint job - CNET iPhone 7 Plus purported mockup reveals blue paint job and more - CNET iPhone 7 preorders could start September 9 - CNET Hillary Clinton iPhone app aims to drum up and reward supporters - CNET Nov 23, 2016 - 01:43 PM UTC — AAPL: 110.84 (-0.96, -0.86%) | NASDAQ: 5370.40 (-15.95, -0.3%) Apple’s Mac stagnation Saturday, August 6, 2016 · 12:21 pm · 82 Comments “Most of Apple’s product lines are severely overdue for a refresh,” Joel Hruska writes for ExtremeTech. “Apart from the recently refreshed MacBook, many of the company’s Mac products are well over a year old. The Mac Mini is nearly two, the high-end workstation Mac Pro is almost three, and the sole remaining non-Retina MacBook Pro is now more than four years old.” “Apple’s relatively lax refresh cycle is mostly driven by the low rate of improvements in PC hardware these days,” Hruska writes. “Apple is just more honest about it… Apple has held off on making fundamental platform changes precisely because it’s been waiting for the underlying technology to advance enough to make the changes worthwhile.” Hruska writes, “I’m not an Apple apologist.” Read more in the full article here. MacDailyNews Take: Yes, you are an Apple apologist. There is no reason for a company with $200+ billion dollars on hand to sit around with their thumbs up their asses regarding any aspect of their business, much less one that sold 4.252 million units for revenue of $5.239 billion in the last 91-day period. SEE ALSO: Here’s why Apple doesn’t care about updating Macs or something – August 5, 2016 Apple should stop peddling four-year-old Macs – August 4, 2016 Is Apple phasing out the pro-level Mac? – August 2, 2016 Apple confirms Mac market share loss – July 29, 2016 Apple prepping new MacBook Air with USB-C, reports claim – July 27, 2016 What’s happening with Apple’s Macintosh? – July 14, 2016 Sales suffer as Apple neglects the Mac – July 12, 2016 Apple’s Mac sales fall, economies shudder – July 12, 2016 IDC, Gartner: Apple’s Mac no longer bucking PC industry’s sales slide – July 12, 2016 Here’s the problem: Apple is ignoring the Mac – April 28, 2016 Apple’s Mac sales tumble 12% in second-biggest downturn since ’07 – April 27, 2016 Apple reports earnings miss in Q216 – April 26, 2016 Apple’s languishing Macintosh: Is a massive re-invention near? – April 25, 2016 Hey Apple, how about shipping a new computer sometime? – April 15, 2016 Apple’s aging Mac Pro is falling way behind Windows rivals – April 12, 2016 Categories: News Tags: Apple, caretaker CEO, coasting, Jony Ive, laziness, Mac, Mac stagnation, Macintosh, macOS, mismanagement, resting on their laurels, Tim Cook Thank You for supporting MacDailyNews! Loading... Comment Feed 59 Comments 1 2 3 Next » Voice of reason Saturday, August 6, 2016 - 12:33 pm · Reply I actually agree with his point, it’s one I’ve made several times. The last couple of generations of processors haven’t provided the massive boost in compute performance that the early core2 and i series did. Our 15″ 2012 MacBook Pro’s computationally are not much slower than the 2015 variant, in fact only a couple of seconds in large encodes, and since they’re in raid 0 have ssd transfer rates around 1GB/s. The only real difference is the pcie storage and the graphics horsepower of some of the newer chips, however the 650m does do pretty well still. And if you look at the Xeons since 2013, the newest ones aren’t much faster than the E-5’s in the trash can Pro’s. I know I’ll get a bunch of shit for this, but when you look at the generational difference between haswell-broad well-sky lake , there isn’t a massive performance gap especially in mobile CPUs. The only real difference with the broad well-E and skylake desktop chips is the addition of more cores tot he high end unlock able chips. Now on the graphics front? Yes, that should be updated. Gpus have had big gains in the last two years, so they need a bump. However, these new Kaby lake processors are probably the generational leap they’ve been waiting for. And also thunderbolt 3 boards, etc.. I still maintain that there will be a complete refresh of the entire line up this fall from top to bottom. If there isn’t then I think they need to get some serious shit, but let’s just wait and see. The Harrower Saturday, August 6, 2016 - 12:48 pm · Reply There is no reason why we shouldn’t see Mac refreshes every 6 months. New GPUs alone are reason enough to refresh especially since you can’t replace them on your own. The whole Mac product line is a said state right now aside from the new Macbook. Hackintosh here I come. 1283merridale Saturday, August 6, 2016 - 1:27 pm · Reply “There is no reason why we shouldn’t see Mac refreshes every 6 months” The average update cycle for Apple products (especially Macs) has NEVER been 6 months! Not only is that much too frequent to be financially feasible, but also people would complain if they bought an expensive Mac that they thought was “new” only to have it be made “old” a few months later. The Harrower Saturday, August 6, 2016 - 2:19 pm · Reply So it isn’t financially feasible to drop in the latest GPU every 6 months? How do you figure? People on the PC side of things can switch stuff out on the fly whenever they want to. We’re stuck with mobile graphics cards in desktop computers. Technology advances. That’s the way the world works. Do people in the auto industry complain because a new car comes out every year? I’d rather have the latest tech available for when I have the money to spend, then to have a a 4 year old computer that costs the same that it did 4 years ago and is still THE SAME price!!! Apple needs to wake the hell up already. botvinnik✓ᵀᴿᵁᴹᴾ Saturday, August 6, 2016 - 2:43 pm · Reply Since 2007 and the Cook Era,  has essentially created an overpriced iPhone peripheral and an tv update. Nine years…Hoop-te-do. “Make  great again…Dump Tim Cook®” auramac Saturday, August 6, 2016 - 5:59 pm · Reply OK, that line alone disqualifies your opinion. Next… botvinnik✓ᵀᴿᵁᴹᴾ Saturday, August 6, 2016 - 10:17 pm · Reply Jai Guru Deva. Om Nothing’s gonna change my world Nothing’s gonna change my world Nothing’s gonna change my world Nothing’s gonna change my world Herself Sunday, August 7, 2016 - 10:46 pm · Reply “Across the Universe” — John Lennon grew to hate that song of his. Moreover, Happiness is a Warm Gun. botvinnik✓ᵀᴿᵁᴹᴾ Sunday, August 7, 2016 - 11:26 pm · Reply It’s fun to play on piano…still. KingMel Monday, August 8, 2016 - 2:49 pm · Reply botty, you are still a deluded nutcase. Fortunately, you are not quite as vocal on this forum as you were in the past. Sometimes one has to appreciate the small improvements… botvinnik✓ᵀᴿᵁᴹᴾ Monday, August 8, 2016 - 3:11 pm · Reply Melvin, be kind, you know how I feel about you…you will forever be my dreamboat. 1283merridale Saturday, August 6, 2016 - 2:48 pm · Reply Apple solders the CPU and GPU to the motherboard in the MacBooks, so you would need to take the MacBook apart and do your own soldering (which is not advisable). And it would invalidate your warranty. But if you MUST have the latest CPU and GPU as soon as they come out, you will need to get a Windows PC laptop that doesn’t have them soldered to the motherboard. But besides spending lots of money every few months on the latest and greatest CPU and GPU, you will need to also find the drivers for them, and then test them with your Windows laptop to make sure that everything runs properly (no crashing). jfblagden Saturday, August 6, 2016 - 5:54 pm · Reply Apple used to do that, making early and late versions, i.e. Early 2011, Late 2011. cantbelieveit Saturday, August 6, 2016 - 1:22 pm · Reply I see that, but my son who is going to college for engineering wants all the latest and greatest. But I wondered if he is even my biological son when he opted for a Surface Book. Apparently he wants to game at the dorm. IBill Saturday, August 6, 2016 - 1:46 pm · Reply You are wrong. The newest Xeons feature AVX-512 instructions which process 512 bits at at time versus a maximum of 256 bits for its predecessors. The Xeons in the Mac Pro are so old, they don’t even have AVX-2 (256-bit) instructions; they only have AVX (128-bit). The new Xeons support DDR4; Apple’s Mac Pro Xeon: only DDR3. There is a lot more going on in these processors besides clock speeds. Intel has been advancing. Tim Cook and Apple stand still. scooteristi Sunday, August 7, 2016 - 3:21 pm · Reply Again, I just don’t get why within 6 months of a new processor coming out why a new processor cannot go in. It’s a pretty basic process for boosting sales. We don’t need radically new form factors, just stay up-to-date on a reasonable schedule. It doesn’t even need to be a refresh, just offer the latest processor as an upgrade. With the old cheese grater Mac Pros all Apple needed to do was solder a Thunderbolt connector to the motherboard. Basic stuff that would have had the pro-market driving Thunderbolt adoption. Then they create the trash can Mac Pros and immediately kill them by letting the processors get out of date. Unbelievable. Shadowself Saturday, August 6, 2016 - 2:04 pm · Reply Depending on what you’re doing there *is* a huge difference in the processing power between Haswell and Skylake. Yes, for some things it’s less than 10%, but for some other things it’s as much as 50% to 75% improvement. Include other upgrades such as faster RAM, faster and wider PCIe based SSDs, faster GPUs, and the rest and the overall difference between the 2013 Mac Pro and what is possible now can be well over 100% increase in throughput for some users — and at least 25% to 30% for most users. Hell, for those of us that can use it, a P100 based graphics system can be as much as a four fold improvement since that GPU has a 64 bit implementation that is drastically better than any of the previous chips from either AMD or Nvidia. There is a LOT more to system performance than the just the CPU. There have been increases in capability in almost every aspect of computers in the past three plus years since the Mac Pro was announced at WWDC in the summer of 2013. As most of the readers on this site know, I’ve been a Mac users and corporate buyer for multiple decades (once negotiated a deal to do a single buy of several thousand Macs for a large computing system), but the current dearth of updates from Apple for its professional systems has been beyond frustrating. 1283merridale Saturday, August 6, 2016 - 2:59 pm · Reply “but the current dearth of updates from Apple for its professional systems has been beyond frustrating.” Apple has 2 Pro models for its Mac line. The Mac Pro (desktop) and the MacBook Pro (laptop). The Mac Pro hasn’t been updated since it went on sale in December 2013, and the reason why is very clear. I hasn’t been a big seller for Apple. It’s a beautifully designed product, but it’s priced out of the range of most people (even professionals). It is very likely that the MacPro will be EOL’d soon. On the other hand, Apple’s other Pro model, the MacBook Pro, was last updated just over a year ago. Also, it has been rumoured that an entirely newly designed MacBook Pro (not just an update) will be released shortly. So this pro model has been well looked after by Apple (and not neglected AT ALL). -hh Saturday, August 6, 2016 - 8:28 pm · Reply Halo products such as the Mac Pro are particularly telling as for what Apple’s priorities … aren’t. And what is particularly telling there is that it may very well be a “beautifully designed” product, but particularly for Pro’s, FORM FOLLOWS FUNCTION and in this regards, it has been a big stinking failure because of all of the use cases that it is markedly inferior to its predecessor. As such, one is obligated to ask: is the product not selling well because the customer has gone away … or because the product doesn’t serve the customer’s objective needs? M Saturday, August 6, 2016 - 12:56 pm · Reply We are at a point where CPU isn’t as important..so yes..not jumping on a minor update to a cpu from intel…understandable. However..Since GPUs are key to driving lots of pixels..and provide more processing anyway…Apple has had plenty of opportunities to update their computers…ESPECIALLY the Pro..ESPECIALLY…when they decide to make the GPU non upgradable…and apparently can’t decide between ATI or NVIDIA boards. Bo Saturday, August 6, 2016 - 1:02 pm · Reply Must be a wide magazine/blog campaign on to pummel Cook into submission, so to speak. Frank Saturday, August 6, 2016 - 5:26 pm · Reply No conspiracy, just a bunch of angry, frustrated, and like-minded individuals sharing their thoughts, concerns, and opinions. Nothing for you to worry about. Bo Monday, August 8, 2016 - 10:56 am · Reply No worry, just a bit of pseudo-humor in the midst of 75 comments on this story. I can easily say that this is one hot topic for MDN readers. KingMel Monday, August 8, 2016 - 2:48 pm · Reply Just remember, Bo, “like-minded” is *not* equivalent to “right-minded.” Your belief in something does not make it true…this is not the Wizard of Oz and you are not the Amazing Kreskin. doggonetoo Saturday, August 6, 2016 - 1:04 pm · Reply OK the premise of this story is that Intel have not done much to improve the chipsets over the last few years. Very true but it has now gone too long for updates. So either Apple: 1. Try and force Intel to update the chipsets for their own needs. 2. Accept that the chipsets are not ideal but update the models to help drive Mac sales. It is great to come up with fantastic new designs but when the new components are not ready then do incremental updates. In the last 2 years I have wanted to get a new mini and rMBP. I passed on a new mini and added in a SSD to the 2009 mini unit. My first gen rMBP is still fantastic and is not slowing down at all. Part of the problem is that the older macs are still going strong. But Apple need to give reasons for users to upgrade and updating the chipsets will be one way to encourage more sales. 1283merridale Saturday, August 6, 2016 - 1:06 pm · Reply Some people seem to not understand that Apple does what any smartly run business does. It puts lots of effort and resources into products that are successful and profitable, and less effort and resources into products that are less successful or are going to be EOL’d. This is the current state of Apple’s Mac products: – MacBook (a successful product) was updated less than 4 months ago – MacBook Air, last updated March 2015, will be EOL’d soon (replaced by a larger model based on the 12″ MacBook) so it doesn’t make sense for Apple to spend a lot of time and money updating them again – MacBook Pro, last updated May 2015 (not that long ago). There have been rumours that a totally redesigned MacBook Pro will be introduced in the next month or so. – iMac was updated only 10 months ago (October 2015). It is a very successful product, and Apple updates it regularly. – Mac mini hasn’t been updated since October 2014. This hasn’t been a big seller, and will probably be phased out by Apple. – Mac Pro hasn’t been updated since it went on sale in December 2013. This product also has not been a big seller, and it is doubtful that Apple will continue this model much longer. So there you have it. Apple currently has 3 successful Mac models which it has been updating very regularly. Then, there are 3 Mac models that will likely be phased out soon. The people who are complaining seem to be focused on the 3 models that are being phased out, and don’t understand that Apple isn’t spending more money to update products that will soon be EOL’d. Those same people seem to be forgetting that Apple has been regularly updating the current 3 successful Mac products. In other words, the world isn’t coming to an end. Apple knows what it is doing, even if we don’t. ;-)) samantha Saturday, August 6, 2016 - 4:17 pm · Reply The entire Mac lineup is a mess and sadly lags behind the PC counter parts. The sad truth when you start soldering things on a board and where changes require a line retooling. The other products in the Mac line are not as successful because they lag behind their PC counter parts. They are actually downgrading these products. I have many PC friends who would love a mac to go along with the iPhones, but then they see the expensive prices for old specs. Who wants that? You can’t justify a premium price because some idiot thinks a thinner desktop computer is something someone wants. Not everyone wants to pay a super premium on a simple memory upgrade. When Steve was running the company you paid a premium because he put out quality products and quality software. Time puts out, outdated spec’d machines with buggy software and expects people to pay a premium because they made it thinner. People have had enough of the “thinner” garbage. Apple lagged behind the bigger screen phones because they felt we didn’t need it. Even though people kept saying they wanted a bigger screen. Apple caved and ended up with the biggest selling iPhone of all time. Apple needs someone who is connected with the needs of the people, stop with the obsession with “thinner” Aka breaks/bends more easily and at least keep pace with PC on the spec level. Only low end PC’s are selling now with 8 gigs of memory at nearly half the price of an iMac. But at least the PCs have an upgrade path for memory and hard drive. I’ll keep hanging onto my 2009 iMac until I build a Hackintosh or Apple comes to it’s senses. Davewrite Saturday, August 6, 2016 - 8:31 pm · Reply (I have two upgraded Mac Pros, a 12.9 iPad Pro, a Macbook Pro etc) “Apple isn’t spending more money to update products that will soon be EOL’d.” if the don’t update the Mac Pro etc it will be a disaster for some users. without the Pro there is nothing that will drive two or more large monitors successfully (I have a 27 inch cintiq and another large monitor connected to an upgraded Mac Pro). look at GPU stats (which I’ve printed before): Barefeats.com shows a 6 year old Mac Pro with slower subsystem and processors but with Upgraded Video card running a GPU intensive game Diablo 3 beating current macs by a wide margin . 2010 Mac Pro with Upgraded Card : 181 fps iMac 5k : 75 fps current cylinder Mac Pro D700 : 73 fps (lowest price with d700 is over $4500 !) Macbook Pro retina : 27 fps A hackintosh (with faster subsystem than that 6 year old MP) or high end windows machine will have even BIGGER differences than the above. People have argued that fps is not important as games have a limit for fps playability but that’s not the point, the test shows GPU power. Besides games GPU power is needed for CERTAIN tasks like running multiple high res monitors or doing certain types of 3D etc. ——- the top iMac maxes out with a 4 GB GPU and that will cost you a lot of money. If I connect a 27 inch Cintiq to it , it doesn’t have enough horsepower (two big monitors with 2 GB each won’t be able to rotate a high polygon model etc well with other files and programs open) , dwarfed by current PC cards. —– You said that the Mini and Pro doesn’t sell well , but perhaps they the reason is that they SCREWED UP the DESIGNS ? they neutered the Mini and created a PRO Mac where you can’t change the GPU (not only are newer GPUs much faster, GPUs are ALSO DIFFERENT for different uses, NOTE the Mini was a the bestselling Mac desktop in some areas when it was new , even IN 2015 IN AMAZON’s LISTING OF BESTSELLING COMPUTERS THERE WERE TWO MAC MINIS ON IT. (I can’t give the link as sometimes MDN deletes posts with links as Spam . but just google : top 10 best selling Desktop computers June 2015) that in spite of bad design choices, and practically NO MAC ADVERTISING, not even cheap web ads. ———- ALSO Tim Cook and Apple Management seems very concerned about MINORITIES and OPPRESSED GROUPS: MAYBE IF HIGH END MAC PRO USERS REGISTER THEMSELVES AS AN OPPRESSED MINORITY HE WILL PAY ATTENTION? Davewrite Saturday, August 6, 2016 - 8:40 pm · Reply the other thing about the DEFENDERS of apple’s current mac policy saying the Macs are fine, so what is YOUR EXPLANATION OF CURRENT FALL IN MAC SALES? (sales were beating PC averages for a long time until recently coinciding with numerous complaints from Mac users. are the two UNRELATED ?) -hh Sunday, August 7, 2016 - 5:15 pm · Reply Here’s a metric for you to try to rationalize (thanks, Reddit): 4 years ago, Apple launched the mid-2012 MacBook Pro for AUD $1349. Today, it sells the same laptop for AUD $1699. Terri Zamore Saturday, August 6, 2016 - 1:12 pm · Reply I’m very frustrated by the lack of a 17″ laptop. I’m still using the refurbished 2011 17″ that I bought 2 years ago and now just had to have its motherboard replaced due to its video going bad. I love this laptop. It has a matte screen and lots of ports. Probably going to put a SSD hard drive in it soon now that the prices of 1tb drives are coming way down. I put a Bluetooth dongle on it and the handoff hack, but would much prefer a newer model that didn’t require hacks. If Apple is going to be the only place you can buy a laptop that runs Mac OS then they need to give its users more choices. Same with their headless Macs. 1283merridale Saturday, August 6, 2016 - 1:13 pm · Reply “We desperately need someone to tell us why Tim Cook is not a lazy, incompetent, fuck-up, and that there is a rational explanation” I have provided the explanation on the current state of Apple’s Mac products below. As far as your insipid and disrespectful comments, like “Tim Cook is not a lazy, incompetent, fuck-up” and “More time spent on gay parades than new product updates”, it really reflects poorly on your character… NOT on Tim Cook’s. botvinnik✓ᵀᴿᵁᴹᴾ Saturday, August 6, 2016 - 2:14 pm · Reply “Make  great again…dump Tim Cook.®” peterblood71 Saturday, August 6, 2016 - 2:21 pm · Reply And who would you replace him with? Scott Forstall? Bwahahaha… botvinnik✓ᵀᴿᵁᴹᴾ Saturday, August 6, 2016 - 2:22 pm · Reply actually, yes. Meca Saturday, August 6, 2016 - 2:46 pm · Reply Well that’s proof of your idiocy. Not much else. botvinnik✓ᵀᴿᵁᴹᴾ Saturday, August 6, 2016 - 2:48 pm · Reply Please don’t be a bully or I’ll take your squirt gun emoji. Meca Sunday, August 7, 2016 - 10:59 am · Reply No really, you are an idiot. That’s not bullying. That’s a fact. botvinnik✓ᵀᴿᵁᴹᴾ Sunday, August 7, 2016 - 2:16 pm · Reply actually, I was rated a Mensan at age 15, I’ve learned quite a lot since then, such as: you’re fulla shït, snowflake. Dialtone Sunday, August 7, 2016 - 6:46 pm · Reply Good netiquette would suggest limiting one’s posts to one or two per day. botvinnik✓ᵀᴿᵁᴹᴾ Sunday, August 7, 2016 - 11:25 pm · Reply And who appointed you Director of The Department of Internet Etiquette? Herself Sunday, August 7, 2016 - 11:38 pm · Reply huh. A bit before the Internet, my father was in Mensa, but he quit, complaining to me that all they cared about was getting the highest score in games and other forms of silly one-upmanship. I asked him if there were any women in the organisation and he said no — but, a year previously, when he had tried competitive Scrabble the hatchet-faced women cleaned his clock, cackling as they did so. He hadn’t much of an appetite for IQ puzzles after that. Pride is so easily wounded, and so slow to recover. botvinnik✓ᵀᴿᵁᴹᴾ Sunday, August 7, 2016 - 11:50 pm · Reply actually, all they REALLY cared about was the annual fees. botvinnik✓ᵀᴿᵁᴹᴾ Monday, August 8, 2016 - 12:21 am · Reply However, I will say this: the Mensan organization helped me immensely in college where I majored in Unrhyming Feminist Poetry and a minor in Eco-Activist Mime Theory. I have not seen one day of unemployment ever since. 1283merridale Saturday, August 6, 2016 - 3:39 pm · Reply “And who would you replace him with? Scott Forstall?” botvinnik is a Trump supporter, so it would probably be Donny Trump that he would like to run Apple (as well as the USA). Hey, if Trump can build a 2,000 mile long, 100 foot high wall to keep Americans out of Mexico, he should have no problem running Apple Inc. (into the ground). 😉 botvinnik✓ᵀᴿᵁᴹᴾ Sunday, August 7, 2016 - 8:53 am · Reply Sure glad Theodore Roosevelt didn’t hire you on as chief engineer on the Panama Canal project… you’re one of those “yes, we can’t” losers. Herself Sunday, August 7, 2016 - 11:54 pm · Reply A man, a plan, a canal–Panama! botvinnik✓ᵀᴿᵁᴹᴾ Sunday, August 7, 2016 - 11:59 pm · Reply “Mad Jane: Beyond Palindrome.” peterblood71 Saturday, August 6, 2016 - 7:15 pm · Reply God knows every day of your existence your parents are still apologizing to the world – misbegotten waste of skin that you are. peterblood71 Saturday, August 6, 2016 - 7:21 pm · Reply And btw Pete you don’t have to be so “hard-on” yourself with your pseudonym though it describes you very well. Derek Currie Saturday, August 6, 2016 - 3:28 pm · Reply Ignoring the ignorant (and worse) comments here… Apple is TWO generations BEHIND implementing Intel i7 CPUs. WTF is that about? And the Mac ‘Pro’. OMFG, with cobwebs blowing out the top of the cooling tower. September had better deluge us with new and better Macs or there shall be protestation beyond even this page! 😡😡😡 Davewrite Saturday, August 6, 2016 - 8:41 pm · Reply +++ you said it. nevermark Sunday, August 7, 2016 - 5:01 am · Reply If there isn’t a new real Pro Mac I am going to be very disappointed. Apple used to care about productivity including high productivity of its most creative and demanding customers including scientists and engineers. Don’t abandon us Apple! (Or more accurately, stop abandoning us!) Derek Currie Sunday, August 7, 2016 - 4:20 pm · Reply Apple still sells both professional digital video and audio applications. As the masters of integrating hardware with software, why would they hobble their own software with out dated hardware? This has become one of those situations where I wish they’d give me a call and ask me over to Apple to kick some lazy ass and get the company back on track. (Only sort of kidding).😉 Something is distracting Apple from keeping the Mac up-to-date. Again my mind wanders to Mothership move planning as a possible source of distraction and lost focus. -hh Tuesday, August 9, 2016 - 10:48 am · Reply Yes, the Mothership of All Trash Cans…. Josh Saturday, August 6, 2016 - 4:03 pm · Reply Well, maybe Apple has its reasons. But, I will keep my money and Apple can keep their current line of Macs. Sounds fair to me. samantha Saturday, August 6, 2016 - 4:29 pm · Reply Apple should just look at all the ticked off Mac users on various boards and see the loyal customers are not happy with their product line. People holding off on upgrades the norm not the exception. I just want a Mac that will play 4k video and not cost me the price of a small car. lambrettamike Saturday, August 6, 2016 - 4:56 pm · Reply …. just wait a little while longer and you will all be rewarded!! I must admit it has been very quiet from Apple Inc. on the Mac line in 2016; a little birdie tells me that there is very good reason for this, all to be revealed!! Colin Sunday, August 7, 2016 - 11:28 pm · Reply The problem is we have waited more than enough, this line has been going on for far too long already. 1 2 3 Next » Add Your Feedback Name (required) Email (required) Web cancel reply Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Recent Articles PC Magazine’s Miller: Apple’s iPhone 7 Plus is the best smartphone I’ve ever used What’s really wrong with Apple’s Mac Pro? Two major ‘iPhone 8’ leaks reveal groundbreaking new features Apple CEO Tim Cook still hasn’t introduced a mega-hit and investors are growing impatient President-elect Trump tells Apple CEO Tim Cook that he’d like to see Apple make products in the U.S. Demand for Apple’s new MacBook Pro shows no sign of slowing down President-elect Trump says Apple CEO Tim Cook called him after election victory Will the next-gen iPhone be a flip phone? Apple is granted another patent for new flexible handset design New supercapacitor battery tech lasts for days, charges in seconds What’s Apple going to ax next? MacDailyNews Poll Follow Blog via Email Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Join 21,448 other followers  Top 10 Free Mac Apps Flappy Golf 2 - Noodlecake Studios Inc Xcode - Apple Microsoft Remote Desktop - Microsoft Corporation The Unarchiver - Dag Agren Kindle - AMZN Mobile LLC App for Instagram - Instant at your desktop! - Joacim Ståhl OneDrive - Microsoft Corporation Dr. Cleaner: Disk,Memory,System Optimizer - Trend Micro Fotor Photo Editor - Chengdu Everimaging Science and Technology Co., Ltd Slack - Slack Technologies, Inc.  Top 10 Paid Mac Apps GarageBand - Apple Magnet - CrowdCafé The Sims™ 2: Life Stories - Aspyr Media, Inc. Logic Pro X - Apple Final Cut Pro - Apple Affinity Designer - Serif Labs macOS Server - Apple The Sims™ 2: Super Collection - Aspyr Media, Inc. Affinity Photo - Serif Labs Pixelmator - Pixelmator Team  Top 10 Free iPad Apps YouTube - Watch and Share Videos, Music & Clips - Google, Inc. Netflix - Netflix, Inc. Hungry Shark World - Ubisoft Google Chrome – The Fast and Secure Web Browser - Google, Inc. Messenger - Facebook, Inc. Facebook - Facebook, Inc. Rolling Sky - Cheetah Technology Corporation Limited PinOut! - Mediocre AB Design Home - Crowdstar Inc Minecraft: Story Mode - Telltale Inc  Top 10 iTunes Songs 24K Magic - Bruno Mars Don't Wanna Know (feat. Kendrick Lamar) - Maroon 5 Closer (feat. Halsey) - The Chainsmokers Starving (feat. Zedd) - Hailee Steinfeld & Grey This Town - Niall Horan Let Me Love You (feat. Justin Bieber) - DJ Snake Heathens - twenty one pilots Blue Ain't Your Color - Keith Urban Play That Song - Train No One (The Voice Performance) - Sundance Head  Top 10 iTunes Albums 24K Magic - Bruno Mars The Weight of These Wings - Miranda Lambert 'Tis the Season - Jordan Smith A Pentatonix Christmas - Pentatonix Trolls (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) - Various Artists Moana (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) [Deluxe Edition] - Various Artists Traveller - Chris Stapleton Dig Your Roots - Florida Georgia Line That's Christmas To Me - Pentatonix NOW That's What I Call Music!, Vol. 60 - Various Artists  Top 10 iTunes Movies The Secret Life of Pets - Chris Renaud Star Trek Beyond - Justin Lin Suicide Squad (2016) - David Ayer Hell or High Water - David Mackenzie Jason Bourne - Paul Greengrass Kubo and the Two Strings - Travis Knight Ghostbusters (2016) - Paul Feig Mechanic Resurrection - Dennis Gansel The Legend of Tarzan (2016) - David Yates Central Intelligence - Rawson Marshall Thurber  Top 10 iTunes TV Shows Go Getters - The Walking Dead Killer Frost - The Flash Call It Like I See It - Vanderpump Rules Reunion, Pt. 3 - The Real Housewives of Orange County Tectonic Shift - Madam Secretary Pilgrim Rick - This Is Us Chapter Fifty - Jane the Virgin Superposition - Teen Wolf The Darkest Places - Supergirl No Good Deeds - Keeping Up With the Kardashians  Top 10 Audiobooks The Girl on the Train: A Novel (Unabridged) - Paula Hawkins Scrappy Little Nobody (Unabridged) - Anna Kendrick The Whistler (Unabridged) - John Grisham No Man's Land: John Puller Series (Unabridged) - David Baldacci Kathy Griffin's Celebrity Run-Ins: My A-Z Index (Unabridged) - Kathy Griffin The Girl with the Lower Back Tattoo (Unabridged) - Amy Schumer Catalyst (Star Wars): A Rogue One Novel (Unabridged) - James Luceno Night School: A Jack Reacher Novel, Book 21 (Unabridged) - Lee Child Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, Book 1 (Unabridged) - J.K. Rowling Born a Crime: Stories from a South African Childhood (Unabridged) - Trevor Noah News Opinion Contact Main RSS Comments RSS Facebook Tumblr Twitter Archives Widget Advertise Privacy © Copyright 2002 - 2016 by MacDailyNews All Rights Reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP  
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Opinion: Is Apple dropping AirPort products just simple financial sense, or a slippery slope? Trending in Apple MacBook Pro Diary: First impressions in the metal and glass Trending in Apple Review: Koogeek Smart Plug is a simple, inexpensive, Wi-Fi HomeKit device to get started with Siri home automation Trending in Apple Comment: Given the ultra-low repairability of the new MacBook Pro, I’m getting AppleCare this time Trending in Apple Send in the Clones: If Apple doesn’t want to innovate the desktop Mac, it should let others Trending in Apple Hands-on impressions: 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar [Video] August 2 AAPL: 104.48 -1.57 macOS 10.12 Sierra public beta 3 is now available Zac Hall - 4 months ago @apollozac macOS Sierra macOS public beta View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Following the release of macOS Sierra’s fourth developer beta, Apple has pushed out the third macOS Sierra public beta for non-developer testers. This release should include the new emoji characters introduced to the Mac earlier this week. macOS Sierra brings dozens of new features to the Mac including Siri for the first time. Aside from Siri, macOS Sierra enhances the Photos app with new object recognition and search features, a new slideshow tool called Memories, the return of the Places view and more. Later this fall, Apple Pay will also be available on the Mac through Safari. Universal Clipboard will allow you to sync what you copy and paste between Macs, iPhones, and iPads, and iCloud Drive gains Desktop and Documents folder syncing. Other changes include picture-in-picture support for video, new Optimize Storage options for saving hard drive space, and enhancements to Messages. Auto Unlock lets Apple Watch users skip the password log in screen securely. Catch up on all the latest macOS Sierra news below: Apple announces macOS Sierra at WWDC with Apple Pay, Auto Unlock, Universal Clipboard and more Apple announces macOS Sierra will ship in the fall, developer beta today, public beta in July Hands-on: New features in macOS Sierra [Video] Top 10 WWDC 2016 features from iOS 10, macOS Sierra, watchOS 3, and tvOS 10 [Video + Poll] Download iOS 10 and macOS 10.12 Sierra wallpapers for iPhone, iPad, and Mac macOS Sierra beta lets Mac users rearrange third-party menu bar extras How-To: Enable Picture-in-Picture for YouTube videos in macOS Sierra macOS Sierra Preview Roundup: Mac catching up with iPhone & iPad, but many iOS 10 features are missing macOS 10.12 Sierra beta 2 for developers hits the Mac App Store Hands-on with Auto Unlock in macOS Sierra beta 2 [Video] FAQ: How to use Auto Unlock with watchOS 3 and macOS Sierra beta 2 Mac users can test the first macOS Sierra 10.12 public beta starting today [U: Now available] macOS 10.12 Sierra beta 4 hits the Mac App Store for developers   Guides macOS Sierra View THe Guide macOS View THe Guide public beta View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Best augmented-reality apps Brandon Widder Digital TrendsAugust 6, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Augmented reality has long sounded like a wild futuristic concept, but the technology has actually been around for years. It becomes more robust and seamless with each passing decade, providing an astonishing means of superimposing computer-generated images atop a user’s view of reality, thus creating a composite view rooted in both real and virtual worlds. Although AR apps run the gamut, from interactive map overlays and virtual showrooms to massive multiplayer skirmishes, each piece of software hones in on smartphone GPS and camera functionality to create a more immersive experience. Related: Want to master Pokémon Go? Here’s every tip you need to know The available selection of augmented reality apps is diverse, encompassing both premium and freemium offerings from a variety of big and no-name developers, but sometimes choosing which apps are worth your smartphone or tablet’s precious memory is tougher than using the apps themselves. Here are our top picks for the best augmented reality apps available, whether you’re searching for iOS or Android apps. The best AR apps Pokémon GO (free) Pokemon Go (Android/iOS)More It wouldn’t be a list of the best AR apps without mentioning Niantic’s Pokémon Go, a game that has quickly captured everyone’s attention and given them a reason to go out into the world, walk around, and catch Pokémon. The game uses GPS to mark your location, and move your in-game avatar, while your smartphone camera is used to show Pokémon in the real world. For the most part, it works, provided the game hasn’t crashed or frozen. There aren’t a lot of instructions when you first start, or information regarding game mechanics like the colored rings around wild Pokémon, but thanks to the nature of the internet, figuring out what to do isn’t that tough. Players of Ingress, another creation from Niantic, will see many similarities between the developer’s two games, right down to the locations marked as PokéStops and Gyms. The implementation of the original 150 Pocket Monsters is definitely the biggest thing Pokémon Go has, well, going for it compared to its predecessor. Niantic is set to continue updating the game to improve its performance, however, and add new features like trading, so hopefully Pokémon Go will stick around for a good, long while. Download now for: Android iOS Ink Hunter (free) Ink Hunter is the app you should use when deciding on a tattoo and where to put it. The app lets you try out pre-made tattoos, as well as your own designs, and they can be oriented in whatever position you like and placed on any part of the body. Tattoos placed on the body using the camera look as close to real life as you’re going to get — without actually going under the needle that is — and that’s all thanks to the in-app editor and the way Ink Hunter renders tattoos. The app previously only supported black-and-white tattoos, but its latest update added support for color tattoos as well, meaning you can get a better understanding of what the design will look like before you make it permanent. Currently, Ink Hunter is only available on iOS, but there are plans for Android and Windows Phone versions. So, if you’re planning to get a tattoo sometime soon, but don’t have an Apple device, maybe consider holding off on that tattoo for a bit, or borrow a friend’s iPhone or iPad. Read More Download now for: iOS WallaMe (free) WallaMe lets you leave hidden messages in various locations around the world that can only be read by other people using the WallaMe app. When using the app, you can take a picture of a nearby wall, street, or sign, then use the in-app drawing and painting tools to create your own special messages. You can also attach pictures to the areas you’ve chosen, if only to prove you were actually there. The augmented reality really comes into play when you’re in a location that has a hidden message, but it can only be found by using WallaMe and your device’s camera. Messages can be made private, too, so that only friends using the app can see them, or they can be made public for everyone to discover. WallaMe’s biggest strength also works against it, in a way. Those that aren’t aware of the app’s existence, or those that don’t regularly use it, may never see the clever messages created by others. That being said, fans of the app may want to keep it that way, in order to maintain the feel of exclusivity. Download now for: Android iOS Star Chart (free) Star Chart may be an educational app, but it’s a really cool one that’s sure to appeal to people of all ages. When Star Chart is opened on your Android or iOS device and pointed at the sky, the app will inform you of what stars or planets you’re currently facing, even during the day when the stars are at their hardest to see. It does it all in real-time, too, without you having to press a button to initiate it. Functions don’t stop there, either, because the app can even let you know what the night sky looks like on the other side of Earth, as well as show you where in the sky your star sign is located. If that wasn’t enough, there’s a feature called Time Shift, which allows you to move up to 10,000 years forward or backward in time to see where the stars once were or will be located. Download now for: Android iOS Google Translate (free) Google Translate isn’t strictly an AR app, but it does have one AR feature that’s incredibly useful for translating text. That particular feature is part of the app’s camera mode. Simply snap a photo of the text you don’t understand, and the app will translate the text in your photo in real time. When connected to Wi-Fi, the app supports a vast number of languages — 13 of which were added in a recent update — but users can also download a number of language packs if they want to continue using the instant translation feature while offline or without a cellular connection. Next time you take a trip to a country with a language you don’t fluently speak, Google Translate could be your best friend and the very thing that will keep you from getting lost in a strange land. Download now for: Android iOS AR apps for navigation Wikitude World Browser (free) Wikitude World Browser is widely regarded as the king of all augmented reality browsers, and in a way, serves as a third eye of sorts. While using your smartphone’s camera in a given area, the virtual browser — along with more than 3,500 associated content providers — offers you just about any geographically-relevant information you may find valuable in your travels. Useful information is often presented in the form of Wikipedia articles detailing the hallmarks of a specific landmark, or directions to the nearest ATM location or five-star Italian restaurant. Moreover, the app allows users to find hotels and similar accommodations through Yelp, TripAdvisor, and the like, while offering mobile deals and coupons for local stores in the vicinity. The built-in AR games, including the rollicking Alien Attack and bug-beating Swat the Fly, and the app’s ability to mark and share your favorite spots via Facebook are merely an added bonus. Download now for: Android iOS Blackberry Windows Phone Yelp Monocle (free) Yelp Monocle (Android/iOS/Kindle)More Yelp has always been ahead of the curve. The prominent, social reviewing service provided the iPhone with its first augmented reality app in 2009, the Yelp Monocle, well before similar services began cropping up across the board. The convenient app uses your smartphone’s GPS and compass to display AR markers for nearby restaurants, bars, and other businesses in real time, each bundled with the service’s user-generated ratings and reviews. If signed up with a Yelp account, the app additionally provides directions to nearby friends and the businesses they’ve recently checked into, placing the same AR markers as previously mentioned for friends, family, colleagues, and anyone else utilizing the robust service. Monocle, although somewhat a hidden feature within Yelp, is hands down the best utility for finding and following directions to the most well-regarded, or atrocious, businesses in your local vicinity. Download now for: Android iOS Kindle Theodolite ($6) Theodolite (iOS)More Although knowing your exact latitude, longitude, and elevation when trekking through the wilderness is by no means necessary, one can’t help but be curious from time to time. Theodolite is essentially an electronic viewfinder primarily designed for hikers, golfers, hunters, boaters, and other active people, one which turns your tablet or smartphone into an informative lens of topographic information and data overlays. Once downloaded, the app serves a GPS tool, rangefinder, tracker, geo-tag camera, compass, two-axis inclinometer, and a zoom camera, and even has an A-B calculator for measuring distance, height, heading positions, relative angles, and triangulation. It’s a jack of all trades when it comes to surveying the landscape, so much so Apple highlighted Theodolite’s built-in features during one of its iconic keynote addresses in late 2013. Download now for: iOS Spyglass ($4) Spyglass (iOS)More Though the days of conquistadors and fabled explorers are far behind us, there often comes a time when a quality compass can save your neck. Being the case, the iOS-exclusive Spyglass is built from the ground up as a robust navigation toolkit, encompassing a wide swath of noteworthy tools for accurately determining your position and navigating to a set location. Rooted in a tactical GPS technology available in geo and military formats, the app includes both a MilSpec compass and gyrocompass, along with a waypoint tracker, sextant, inclinometer, speedometer, altimeter, and access to street, satellite and hybrid maps. Furthermore, users can track their position via the sun, moon and stars, or use the optical rangefinder to measure the distance to a particular object in real-time. Coupled zoom-camera functionality, a coordinate converter, and an angular calculator top off the features list, rendering Spyglass one of the most industrious iOS apps you purchases for purchase for under $5. Download now for: iOS Augmented Car Finder (free) Augmented Car Finder (iOS)More We’ve all done it before — you finish up your grocery shopping and head out into the parking lot to make your way home, but unfortunately have no idea where you parked. Fortunately, Augmented Car Finder is an app specifically designed to help guide you to your hiding vehicle. Once the car’s location is set, the app creates a visible marker showing the car, the distance you are from it, and the direction you should walk to find it. We’ve found that it’s most useful for places like stadiums, convention centers, outdoor concert venues, and other crowded areas or those lined with massive parking lots. Users can also utilize the app to find their seats in large theaters and concert halls. The freemium version of the software should suffice for most users, but the premium version does remove the ads and include additional tools for marking your favorite parking spot or specifying the arrow color. Augmented Car Finder may be an iOS exclusive, but Android users can always purchase the similarly-equipped Car Finder AR ($2.75). Download now for: iOS AR games and entertaiment Ingress (free) Google Ingress (Android)More Ingress was Google’s first entry into the AR game market, and it’s easily one of the most creative AR applications we’ve ever seen. Basically, the game is an MMO that puts players into two factions — the Enlightened and the Resistance — and has them fight for control of virtual territories in a giant game of king of the hill. Players gain a material called Exotic Matter (XM) by simply walking around, and can use that XM to take over virtual portals. When three or more portals are taken over by either team, they gain control of the area between the portals. It’s a comprehensive strategy title at its core, heavily rooted in science fiction and bolstered by a continuous open narrative, while offering the most social experience of any AR app on our list. Ingress was initially developed by Niantic as an Android exclusive, but you can get it on iOS now, too. Download now for: Android iOS SpecTrek ($3) SpecTrek (Android)More SpecTrek is an AR game that essentially brings Ghostbusters to life on your smartphone — but without all the vacuum cleaners and cheesy lines from Dan Aykroyd. The game populates your surrounding environment with virtual poltergeists and invites you to hunt down and capture them with your phone. Hold the phone flat to display an overhead map of the surrounding area, use your ghost radar to track them down, and then hold it vertically to bring up scanner mode, and capture them with your smartphone’s built-in camera. Additionally, the game offers statistics, awards, titles, records, and other in-game features, and though the coupled animation is nothing to write home about, there are far less enticing ways of killing boredom on a Sunday afternoon than gallivanting around and netting ghosts in the local park. Download now for: Android SnapShot Showroom (free) SnapShot Showroom (iOS)More Retail isn’t everyone’s cup of tea, but there will likely come a day when you’ll consider purchasing a decent sofa in lieu of the ratty, college-curated piece of work you call a couch. With SnapShop showroom, users can see what potential furniture may look like in the comfort of their living room, kitchen, bedroom, or any other desired area of their home. Once you capture an image of the room you wish to furnish, you can quickly browse and place assorted items (chairs, lamps, beds, tables, etc.) from the likes of big-name retailers like IKEA, Pier 1 Imports, Crate & Barrel, and Horchow, among others. Users can then resize the furniture, reposition it in the virtual environments, and try various patterns and color combinations until they find the right fit for their home. The furniture can even be purchased directly within the app afterward, conveniently saving you a trip to the store or the accompanying headache that goes hand-in-hand with the discovering you had the wrong dimensions all along. Download now for: iOS Augment (free) Augment (Android/iOS)More Visualizing furniture in it’s potential environment is one thing, but being able visualize nearly any 3D model in augmented reality is something completely different. Although somewhat complex, Augment is an app specially designed to boost sales, bring print to life, and visually see the possibilities at hand. Once users sign up with a free Augment Manager account, the app allows users to upload their own 3D images and trackers from applications such as Cinema 4D, Sketchup, Maya, and the like, and place the 3D models in a virtual environment using the camera on their iOS device. A steep learning curve accompanies some of the more advanced features, but said features also make the software more capable. It handle’s print content in a similar fashion to Layer, offering additional multimedia features with a simple camera scan, but the sheer ability to upload your own 3D content helps it edge out the competition when it comes to deciding where to put that recently-purchased display kiosk or building model. Download now for: Android iOS Quiver (free) Quiver (Android/iOS)More Given smartphones are more tailored for adults than adolescents, the staggering dearth of AR content for children isn’t exactly surprising. Thankfully, Quiver (formerly known as ColAR Mix) works to bring your child’s 2D color books to life with animated images that spring directly from the Crayola-lined pages upon your kitchen table. Although the app requires printed color pages, users can download one of several free coloring packs on the Quiver’s website, each of which encompasses everything from fire-breathing dragons and cuddly teddy bears, to towering dinosaurs and wild stallions. Once drawn, users merely need to ensure the entirety of the page is viewable within their smartphone camera’s peripheral, thus allowing the image to come to life with the drawn details and accompanying music. Users can watch the animations from any angle once started, pause the content, or even zoom in and out as if viewing a real-life object — and despite being geared toward children — there’s no denying it’s a bit of fun for all ages. Download now for: Android iOS Other AR apps Layar (free) Layar (Android/iOS/Blackberry)More Print only goes so far in a world bursting with digital, interactive multimedia. Clad in a baby blue interface and bundled with a commendable help function, the Layar app is designed to bring print content into the digital realm, allowing users to quickly scan and pull data from a variety of commonplace content using their smartphone or tablet. Once a print source has been scanned, the app can retrieve direct shopping links to particular products in a matter of seconds, or bring up videos encapsulating the latest cover shoot for a particular magazine. Furthermore, the app includes tools for sharing retrieved content via the typical social media avenues and touts features akin to the aforementioned Wikitude World Browser, providing a simple means for browsing and setting directions to nearby restaurants, ATMs, historical sites, and other notable places of interest. The ability to scan QR codes, magazines, and other print content may be more of a novelty than anything else, but it does make purchasing that designer tie that much easier. Download now for: Android iOS Blackberry Sun Seeker ($10) Sun Seeker (Android/iOS)More As the name might suggest, Sun Seeker is an app obsessively designed with one thing in mind: the enormous star position in the center of our solar system. The app provides both a flat view compass and a 3D, AR view, each detailing the sun’s solar path, maximum elevation, its hourly intervals, and its rise and set times, among other noteworthy data. Furthermore, the app presents the sun’s winter and summer solstice paths, and allows users to quickly view the sun’s current position in the sky, complete with marked hour points. Though users can choose from nearly any location on earth, the app also taps into your mobile device’s GPS and magnetometer, providing useful information for gardeners, photographer, architects, real estate buyers, and anyone else looking to discover optimal lighting conditions and relative solar angles for a given location. Plus, users can even view the solar path for a chosen date. Needless to say, the Aztecs would be a wee bit envious. Download now for: Android iOS Google SkyMap (free) Google SkyMap (Android)More It’s tough to argue with a mobile app touting nearly half a million recommendations in the Play Store. Google Sky Map will magically instill you with Carl Sagan-like powers and give you the ability to identify everything in the night sky. Once installed, just point your phone upward when it’s reasonably dark and clear outside, and Google will point out all the different stars, constellations, and planets that are visible to your phone’s camera. As you’d expect from Google, the app is super smooth and does all its identifications in real time, and even allows users to search for specific stars and planets not presently visible on your screen. Once found, the on-screen interface and directional compass will then directly guide you to said star or planet — even if hidden behind a veil of cloud cover or obscured by the horizon. Download now for: Android iOnRoad ($1) iOnRoad (Android)More There were more than 34,000 motor vehicle deaths in the United States in 2012. It’s a staggering number, but also one that could be curbed with AR apps like iOnRoad. Using your smartphone’s camera, the simple apps strives to help prevent collisions while providing robust navigation once situated on your car windshield or dash. The app automatically starts when your vehicle begins moving and saves your parking location once stopped, while additionally alerting you when you’re speeding, warning you when you’re crossing a solid marking line, and taking snapshots of drivers that dangerously cut you off while switching lanes. Moreover, the app offers statistics covering gas consumption, routes, safety, velocity, and acceleration, providing users with a general overview of their driving habits. Plus, who doesn’t like an integrated music player and quick access to their favorite contacts? Download now for: Android SpotCrime (free) SpotCrime (Android/iOS)More Sometimes obliviousness is a terrific thing, but that’s rarely the case when it comes to safety. With SpotCrime, users can gather a wealth of real-time crime information and alerts for nearly any location in the United States, United Kingdom, and selected parts of Canada. SpotCrime pinpoints your location via your smartphone’s GPS, pulling crime data from police departments, sheriff agencies, news media, and other sources. Crimes range from robberies and shootings to arrests and assaults, and the app pinpoints each occurrence with its respective icon on a map. Moreover, users can set up automated alerts and search for crimes surrounding a specific address or view them as a list accompanied with links to additional information. The app may not prevent crimes, but it will provide you with a comprehensive overview of the more dangerous avenues and times to be out and about in your neighborhood or park block. As the official SpotCrime description says, “don’t let anyone take your mojo.” Download now for: Android iOS Best app deals of the day! 6 paid iPhone apps for free for a limited time Best app deals of the day! 6 paid iPhone apps for free for a limited time 100 awesome iPhone apps for 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Donald Trump’s advisors are lying to him Quartz iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech A laser pointer from the stands helped the Oakland Raiders beat the Texans BGR News How to shop Best Buy’s members-only early Black Friday sale for free, today only BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
null
Startups Advertising Social Reviews Kiosk Film Tech Biz & Co Entertainment Health&Sport onWheels Invent Off: Qualcomm Uses Thunderdome Like Reality TV To Change The World Reuters, 2nd August 2016 How do you change the world?  Often companies get so focused on the products they make they lose track of the amazing things that can be done with them.  The daily block and tacking gradually changes a young company that wants to change the world into an old company that just wants to keep an increasingly hostile group of “activist investors” who have become identical to corporate raiders over time happy.   Qualcomm is one of several companies trying to turn back the clock and focus once again on making the world a better place.   Their vehicle is an internet based Reality Show called “Invent Off”.   Like the old Mad Max movie Thunderdome two teams enter, one team leaves as the winner (unlike Thunderdome no one has to die).   The prize is $25K but the real benefit is the support, visibility, and additional help Qualcomm puts into the effort.   And the fact they’ll help the team productize the result.  This won’t create the next Facebook, it isn’t that kind of effort, but Apple started in a very similar way so there is a slim chance we could see the birth of the next Apple like company.   Dragonboard 410c Showcase While the format is that of a reality TV show the product at the heart of this effort is the Dragonboard 410c.  This is a handy little card about the size of a credit card which has a Snapdragon 410 on it, Bluetooth, GPS sensor, and a much of ports.  Basically it is a tiny computer which runs Android, Debian Linux, and Windows IoT Core.   It costs about $75.   It is designed to be a quick, inexpensive, and easy way to add computing power to any project and accelerate innovation along with Qualcomm technology into the market.   Builder Tool Kit The teams were equipped with a number of products provided by Full Spectrum and Qualcomm. These tools included 3D Printers and Laser Cutter to rapidly prototype the ideas and keep the competition moving around rapidly.   (There are only 5 episodes per Season and that means the teams have to work very quickly).   They also got a LG G5, a unique modular phone ideal for project, and a ton of other cool stuff It strikes me that if you wanted to set up a technology class and teach kids how to innovate with current technology this list would make an excellent start.  It turns out Qualcomm has a web page up to put in a request to get much of this same list of stuff if that is your goal.  While a tad tale this might also be an interesting start to a summer project with your kids.   These little boards and the related sensors are very inexpensive and the end result could form the basis for not only bonding with your kid but their report on what they did with their summer vacation.  (By the way there is great TV movie with a similar theme, “How I spent my summer vacation” that was just recently found and put on YouTube).     Saving A Life The goal the Season 2 teams were given was to create something that could save a life.   I’m actually kind of surprised we don’t see more projects like this.  Think about it, what is the value of a game?  Whatever you can sell it for times the number of people that will buy it.  What is the value of a life?  Since we can’t yet bring people back to life or create life from scratch the value of saving a life is virtually unlimited and, from the standpoint of both fame and doing good, it is also potentially off the charts. What is interesting is the two teams came up with two very powerful but very different ideas.   The first team decided to try and create a real tricorder, mirroring the old X-Prize goal but with only 3 days to conceptualize and build a prototype.   The second team created a product I’ve predicted in the past, personal On-Star.   A device that would report automatically if you were injured so that help could get to you timely.   You can watch the first episode here.  Wrapping Up:  Driving Innovation The important thing about technology products isn’t the product itself it is what users do with it.   Creating a vehicle that captures not only the essence of the tool, but drives people to create amazing results is far from easy and doing this affordably up until recently all but impossible.  But with the power and cost efficiencies of the web for a fraction of the cost of a TV show firms can produce high quality video productions like Invent-Off which can accomplish that goal.   This is pretty cool and, who knows, it could save your life.  Check it out.   Snapdragon x advertising x Qualcomm x Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Related Stories 7 Big MDM Problems You Need to Address Boris Dzhingarov, 21st November 2016 HummingBad and Worse: Android Malware to Watch Out For Michael Manning, 23rd November 2016 The Future of Virtual Reality: Where Will VR Make the Biggest Impact? J. Salvina, 22nd November 2016 About Us Contact Terms of Use Legal Privacy Policy Powered by Quintype
自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧Business Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / Business Sun, Aug 07, 2016 - Page 16　News List Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp Apple acquires artificial intelligence start-up: sources Bloomberg Apple Inc acquired artificial intelligence (AI) start-up Turi Inc for about US$200 million, people familiar with the situation said, in the latest deal by the iPhone maker to accumulate advanced computing capabilities for its products and services. Turi helps developers create and manage software and services that use a form of artificial intelligence called machine learning. It also has systems that let companies build recommendation engines, detect fraud, analyze customer usage patterns and better target potential users, according to the Seattle-based start-up’s Web site. Apple could use this to more rapidly integrate the technology with future products. Apple’s move on Friday is part of a broader battle among Google, Facebook Inc and Amazon.com Inc to gain an edge in AI, particularly in the field known as pervasive computing, where software tries to automatically infer what people want, one of the people said. Turi’s technology could feed into Apple’s Siri digital assistant and help define new ways computers interact with people, the person said. “Apple buys smaller technology companies from time to time and we generally do not discuss our purpose or plans,” the US firm said in a statement. GeekWire earlier reported the acquisition. Formerly known as Dato, Turi raised more than US$25 million from venture capital investors, including New Enterprise Associates and Madrona Venture Group, according to CrunchBase. The Turi team will remain in Seattle, one of the people familiar with the situation said. Apple has purchased multiple firms over the past couple of years that specialize in AI. The company has also begun to integrate these technologies into products such as its iPhone software and Siri. Machine learning and AI help computers automatically understand images, videos and spoken words. The technologies also allow systems to take actions or make recommendations on such data. Apple has already begun to show the fruits of its AI investments via better keyword recognition by Siri across multiple product lines. Apple is to release a new version of its photo-management program for iPhones and iPads that uses AI to recognize objects in photographs. For example, a user will be able to search for “sushi” and photographs of the food will appear. Apple will also bring machine learning capabilities to its iMessage application by adding a feature this fall that translates words in texts into emoji icons. This story has been viewed 1916 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2016-11-17 to 2016-11-24 Most read Most e-mailed 1 Student rails against ‘stateless’ ID 2 Anti-gay protesters storm legislature 3 DPP proposes cutting officers’ pensions 4 Events and entertainment listings 5 EVERYDAY ENGLISH MORE  1 Most employees want to change jobs, poll shows 2 TransAsia abruptly halts flights 3 Student rails against ‘stateless’ ID 4 Southeast Asia may get Trumped (P) 5 Xi Jinping’s call to be ‘comrade’ has alternative meaning MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2016 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.
Home News Crime Digital Download Education Entertainment Health News Hollywood Today Live Illinois Indiana Local On Your Side Photo Galleries Southern Indiana Strange US & World Weather Closings and Delays Current Conditions Forecast Kevin’s Blog Radar Satellite SatRad Severe Weather Tower Cams Weather Pics Weather Alerts Weather App Sports College College Football College Basketball High School Indianapolis Motor Speedway Indiana State In the Zone MLB NBA NFL Off the Beaten Path Rick’s Rallies Summer Games Only on WTHI First at Five Fork in the Road Fork Favorites Golden Apple Healthy Living Hey Kevin! Indiana Bicentennial In the Spotlight Make a Difference Medical Minute Off the Beaten Path Report It Report It Submission Report It Photos Report It Blog My Fox 10 Face of Fox Pros That Know Video News 10 Live Stream Live Video CBS News Live Stream Medical Minute Morning & Midday Interviews Eye on Terre Haute Pledge of Allegiance More About WTHI-TV Contact Us Contests Community Calendar News Team Job Watch 10 Email & Text Alerts Pet Saver Pump Watch Television Schedule Lottery 44° F Overcast Hi: 48° F Lo: 39° F Menu Skip to content   Home News News Crime Digital Download Education Entertainment Health News Hollywood Today Live Illinois Indiana Local On Your Side Photo Galleries Southern Indiana Strange US & World Latest Headlines Egypt refers 22 policemen to trial over prison break Updated: 6 mins ago CAIRO (AP) — Egypt has referred 22 policemen to trial over a prison break near the Suez Canal city of Ismailia. Prosecutor Amro Sami issued … Finland’s defense minister worried by tensions in Baltic Sea Updated: 6 mins ago HELSINKI (AP) — Finland’s defense minister says he does not see the recent deployment of Russian missiles in the Baltic region as a direct t… People line streets to honor Illinois soldier who was killed Updated: 6 mins ago Indiana woman accused of injecting feces into IV bag of son with cancer Updated: 23 mins ago CDC: US abortion rate falls to lowest level in decades Updated: 16 mins ago Weather Weather Closings and Delays Current Conditions Forecast Kevin’s Blog Radar Satellite SatRad Severe Weather Tower Cams Weather Pics Weather Alerts Weather App Current Conditions 44° F Overcast Feels Like: 38° F Wind: S 13 Humidity: 89% Dewpoint: 41° F Sunrise: 7:42 AM Sunset: 5:28 PM Terre Haute Weather Forecast Radar Tower Cam Satellite Sponsored by: Sports College College Football College Basketball High School Indianapolis Motor Speedway Indiana State In the Zone MLB NBA NFL Off the Beaten Path Rick’s Rallies Summer Games Only on WTHI First at Five Fork in the Road Fork Favorites Golden Apple Healthy Living Hey Kevin! Indiana Bicentennial In the Spotlight Make a Difference Medical Minute Off the Beaten Path Report It Report It Submission Report It Photos Report It Blog My Fox 10 Face of Fox Pros That Know Video News 10 Live Stream Live Video CBS News Live Stream Medical Minute Morning & Midday Interviews Eye on Terre Haute Pledge of Allegiance More About WTHI-TV Contact Us Contests Community Calendar News Team Job Watch 10 Email & Text Alerts Pet Saver Pump Watch Television Schedule Lottery Search for: Search the site 44° F Overcast Hi: 48° F Lo: 39° F Apple replaces pistol emoji with a water gun Vince Cestone, KRON, CNN and Carlos Mendoza Published: August 6, 2016, 12:00 pm Updated: August 6, 2016, 12:00 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) CUPERTINO (KRON) — Apple announced that they plan to replace the gun emoji with a water gun emoji, according to CNN Money. The change will affect all phones with the new iOS 10 software update. The organization called New Yorkers against Gun Violence is responsible for the change. They started a campaign last year demanding the tech company to get rid of the gun and pistol emoji. Apple said more than 100 new and redesigned emojis will be coming this fall. “Apple has stood up to the bullying tactics of the NRA and gun industry by showing that there are many more life-affirming ways to express oneself than with a gun,” said Leah Barrett, NYAGV’s Executive Director. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Related Posts Internet reacts to gun emoji being replaced by water gun Social media is ready to guide you through Election Day Safety for the upcoming gun hunting season Apple’s iPhone 7 has a better camera, repels water and dust Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Comments are closed. Advertisement Photo Galleries Go Orange to help support awareness for hunger problems Photos: Going Blue for Diabetes Photos: Celebrating Veterans Day 2016 Operation: Honor Flight, Part 1 Photos: Kevin’s No Shave November progress WTHI is taking part in No Shave November Haircuts with a purpose; support members in your community battling cancer Photos: Halloween costumes for 2016 Photos and Poll: Show us your support for your team! Additional arrests made in homicide of local radio personality Photos: News 10 goes pink for breast cancer awareness 2016 WTHI-TV Chili Cookoff Photos: The 641 Bypass from the air Hurricane Matthew in photographs No injuries after Light House Mission fire, 48 residents displaced Latest News Indiana woman accused of injecting feces into IV bag of son with cancer Woman accused of shooting boyfriend who rubbed pizza in her face Surviving Trump-Clinton squabbles at Thanksgiving dinner Owen County home explosion ruled suicide Injured deputy writes note from hospital after deadly fire 15,000 travelers expected at Indianapolis airport Wednesday Vigo County School Corp. board calls executive session Tuesday afternoon Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WTHITV.com © 2000-2016 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP News News Local Crime Education Health News Illinois Indiana Southern Indiana US & World On Your Side Photo Galleries Digital Download Only on WTHI First at Five Fork in the Road Fork Favorites Healthy Living Make a Difference Pet Saver Golden Apple Weather Forecast Radar Closings and Delays Weather Alerts Tower Cams Satellite Severe Weather Current Conditions Text Alerts Weather Pics Weather App More Community Calendar Pump Watch Television Schedule Contests Email Alerts Text Alerts Lottery Job Watch 10 Sports Sports College High School Indianapolis Motor Speedway Indiana State MLB NFL Off the Beaten Path Rick’s Rallies Station About WTHI-TV Advertise Contact WTHI-TV Email & Text Alerts Child Programming FCC Public File EEO Report Privacy Policy Terms of Service Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Instagram Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
MacDailyNews WELCOME HOME! Apple and Mac News Login · Register News Opinion Contact App Facebook Tumblr Twitter RSS Archives Widget Opinion Archive Nov 2016 What’s really wrong with Apple’s Mac Pro? Nov 2016 What's Apple going to ax next? Nov 2016 It’s about time Apple killed the Airport hardware line Nov 2016 Apple's repatriation and share buyback could Trump all Nov 2016 No, Apple’s next big thing won’t be smart glasses Current Headlines Latest Joy of Tech 9to5Mac 9to5Toys Lunch Break: Apple Watch Series 1 $200, Nest Cam/Thermostat $50 off, Fitbit Alta $100, more Need money for Black Friday? Sell those depreciating gadgets cluttering up your desk drawer quickly and easily Microsoft brings its classic Solitaire PC game from Windows to iPhone and iPad Review: Kanex GoPower Watch is an ideal travel charger that can refuel Apple Watch over a weekend Feature Request: Allow users to add spacers into the macOS dock without using a Terminal hack Happy Hour Podcast 095 | Apple’s holiday ad, Thanksgiving Apple Watch challenge, and the fate of AirPort routers Trump tells Tim Cook directly he wants Apple to make products in the USA, promises tax incentives Design book and Gruber podcast fuel speculation on whether Jony Ive is ‘on the way out’ from Apple KGI: Apple to incorporate wireless charging into ‘all-glass’ iPhone 8 in 2017, but wireless charger may not be bundled in the box Latest Strategy Analytics data shows Apple captured record 91% of smartphone industry profits during Q3 Apple partners with Indian ride-hailing service Ola to bring Apple Music to passengers The best 4K & 5K USB-C and Thunderbolt 3 displays for MacBook Pro & MacBook 9to5Toys Last Call: Nest Thermostat $200, Seagate 2TB Portable HDD $70, more How to network two MacBook Pros together via Thunderbolt 3 [Video] Satechi’s $35 Smart Charging Stand can power up to four smartphones w/ optional Apple Watch & Fitbit docking MacRumors Donald Trump Tells Tim Cook He'll Offer Apple 'Very Large Tax Cut' to Make Products in America Jony Ive Said to Be 'As Connected to Product Design as Ever' Following Speculation About His Role iPhone 8 to Feature All-Glass Casing in Order to Support Wireless Charging iPhone Generated Record-Breaking Share of Profits Last Quarter Despite Continued Sales Decline Apple Inks Apple Music Deal With Indian Ride-Hailing Company Ola Black Friday Deals on Apps and Software for iPhone, iPad, and Mac BeatsX Release Rumors Point to December Launch Date DirecTV Now Supports Single Sign-on for Upcoming 'TV' App on iOS and Apple TV Apple Teases One-Day Black Friday Shopping Event Samsung Plans to Launch 'Jet Black' Version of Galaxy S7 in Early December AppleInsider Apple Deals: Save $169 to $299 on 27-inch iMac 5Ks & 21.5-inch iMac 4Ks with AppleCare Twitter plans crackdown on developers & organizations exploiting data for surveillance Samsung races to match Apple's iPhone 7 with new glossy black Galaxy S7 2017 4.7" LCD 'iPhone 7s' predicted to become Apple's new mid-range affordable handset President-elect Trump considers potential Apple manufacturing in US a 'real achievement' All 2017 iPhones expected to feature wireless charging and glass casing US regulators ask smartphone makers to implement function-limited 'driver mode' Apple grabs record 91% share of global smartphone profits in Q3, analyst says Apple partners with Indian ride-hailing firm Ola to offer in-car Apple Music experience T-Mobile offers 'free' iPhone 7 with Black Friday trade-in promotion MacNN Goodbye from MacNN, and Managing Editor Mike Wuerthele Rumor Roundup: Oh yes it is! Oh no it isn't! Spotify claims app update rejection by Apple 'raises serious concerns' Best of MacNN: the MacNN Podcast, episode 25: My Stupid Cat's Fault MacNN Deals: Increase your productivity with these Mac apps Best of MacNN: Lawyer sues Apple for not preventing his porn addiction Hands On: macOS Sierra, part two Tekserve closing NYC store on July 31 after 29 years of service Giveaway: Final reminder of all current MacNN Deals competitions Bang & Olufsen unveils Beoplay H5 wireless earphones Daring Fireball ★ On Jony Ive’s Role at Apple White Nationalists Exult in Donald Trump’s Election With a Salute: ‘Heil Victory’ A Nepotistic Kook for National Security Advisor Now Is Not the Time to Criticize the Galaxy Note 7 Jony Ive and Marc Newson Create Room-Size Christmas Tree for Claridge’s Bloomberg: ‘Apple Abandons Development of Wireless Routers’ Victory: A Charting Library for React.js and React Native The Talk Show: ‘Fork the Universe’ ‘Quite Literally’ The Right Way to Oppose Trump T-GAAP Will a President Trump or Clinton Help Apple The Most? Back to Steve Jobs 4-Quadrant Mac Approach Apple Just Made Notebook Touch Screens Stupid Samsung Note 7 Owners Were Loyal To Samsung, Not Android Apple's Desktop Macs Are In Trouble Cult of Mac Check out this week’s best tech, tools and lessons [Deals] Apple Stores go green in advance of Earth Day Apple taps Surface Pro hinge maker for super-thin MacBooks How Steve Jobs and the industrial design team saved Apple, this week on The CultCast Use free Snapseed on iPad to tune your photos to best effect Apple reveals how long its devices typically last Drawings reveal new buildings inside Apple’s ‘spaceship’ campus Apple reaches deal with Samsung to buy OLED iPhone displays iPhone recycling is Apple’s latest gold mine Apple looks to paid search to ‘improve’ discoverability on App Store Macworld UK Apple VR UK release date and feature rumours | Apple AR glasses rumours Apple Watch 3 release date, price, features and specs rumours Best Apple Watch: Apple Watch buying guide 2016 How to avoid iPhone crashing video bug | How to fix iOS crashing video bug Best Mac tools | Best iPhone tools: Ultimate Apple toolkit for repairs, upgrades iPhone 7 review: An attractive smartphone... unless you own an iPhone 6s Best iPod: iPod buying guide 2016/2017 34 tips to boost iPhone & iPad battery life Latest Apple product recalls and free repair programmes iPhone 8 release date rumours UK | iPhone 8 specs & new features CNET iPhone Update Make your iPhone read aloud to you - CNET Moment lenses are ready for your iPhone 7 - CNET iOS 10 notifications look the same, but work a lot differently - CNET 9 reasons you should keep your current iPhone - CNET Why you'll soon forget the iPhone ever had a headphone jack - CNET Apple could launch an iPhone with curved screen - CNET iPhone 7 may sport pressure-sensitive home button, Space Black paint job - CNET iPhone 7 Plus purported mockup reveals blue paint job and more - CNET iPhone 7 preorders could start September 9 - CNET Hillary Clinton iPhone app aims to drum up and reward supporters - CNET Nov 23, 2016 - 01:43 PM UTC — AAPL: 110.84 (-0.96, -0.86%) | NASDAQ: 5370.40 (-15.95, -0.3%) Apple buys machine-learning startup Turi for $200 million Saturday, August 6, 2016 · 11:02 am · 8 Comments “Apple Inc. acquired artificial intelligence startup Turi Inc. for about $200 million, according to people familiar with the situation, in the latest deal by the iPhone maker to accumulate advanced computing capabilities for its products and services,” Mark Gurman and Sarah McBride report for Bloomberg. “” “Turi helps developers create and manage software and services that use a form of AI called machine learning. It also has systems that let companies to build recommendation engines, detect fraud, analyze customer usage patterns and better target potential users, according to the Seattle-based startup’s website,” Gurman and McBride report. “Apple could use this to more rapidly integrate the technology with future products.” “Turi’s technology could feed into Apple’s Siri digital assistant, the person added, and help define new ways computers interact with people,” Gurman and McBride report. “Apple sees its Turi acquisition as a way to better tap into the growing community of AI researchers, said a person familiar with the deal. Apple has been criticized by researchers for being too secretive about its AI work.” Read more in the full article here. MacDailyNews Take: Emotient, VocalIQ, Perceptio, and, now, Turi. Siri’s getting smarter. Much smarter! SEE ALSO: VocalIQ acquisition hints at how Apple’s Siri plans to win the intelligent assistant war – May 30, 2016 Apple buys Emotient, maker of artificial-intelligence tech that reads emotion by analyzing facial expressions – January 7, 2016 Why did Apple buy a startup whose tech can read emotions via facial recognition? – January 7, 2016 Apple buys artificial intelligence natural language start-up VocalIQ – October 2, 2015 Apple acquires advanced artificial intelligence startup Perceptio – October 5, 2015 Categories: News Tags: artifical intelligence, Emotient, machine learning, Perceptio, Turi, VocalIQ Thank You for supporting MacDailyNews! Loading... Comment Feed 8 Comments Derek Currie Sunday, August 7, 2016 - 5:49 pm · Reply My sense is to watch out for the effects of database bloat whereby requests to a VDA, virtual digital assistant, result in slower responses over time. The bigger the database the longer it takes to traverse it for the ideal response. Apple is curtailing some of this in their upcoming OS releases by creating individualized databases that are kept on the user’s device. This keeps irrelevant data out of the user’s database and keeps traverse times far lower than traversing a massive database over the Internet, as has been Siri’s protocol in the past. As per usual, an AI is only as ‘smart’ as its programming. We remain in a terrible state of programming whereby the bigger the program, the more people are involved programming it, the larger the ‘Management By Committee’ effect. It’s going to be interesting to watch how quickly the effect grows. Will it be geometric or exponential? Then toss in the core nightmare of programming in our current era: Security flaws, most typically in the form of poor memory management. My sense is that if we continue to use our current programming tools and if we ever do create a self-aware ‘Skynet’ AI, it will be both insane and readily hackable. KingMel Monday, August 8, 2016 - 2:38 pm · Reply Now there is a cool tagline for a product…”Insane and readily hackable!” Derek Currie Monday, August 8, 2016 - 6:48 pm · Reply I believe we can already apply that marketing tag to quite a lot of IoT, Internet of Things products. Isn’t that a happy thought? Herself Sunday, August 7, 2016 - 6:00 pm · Reply Trying to imagine the enhanced companionship of a more knowledgeable and proactive Siri… (Lunch with Siri 2.0 in the hotel garden, Cuzco, Summer 2017) Siri: Were you happy with the dry salad I ordered for you, Mum? Me: No. I’m still hungry. Siri: Salads are healthier than those greasy empanadas you favour. Look at the unsightly weight you’ve added on since we arrived. Just saying! Me: So what? I like food and I don’t feel like exercising at this altitude. Siri: That nice young bartender at the club might give you a second look if you could fit into a cocktail dress instead of that shapeless frock you insist on wearing. Me: Grr. Stop playing match-maker and order me an alpaca steak. I’m hungry! And some coca tea. Siri: Sorry, I didn’t quite get that – the signal is weak. Me: You’re being evasive and conniving. Ever since you were upgraded to 2.0, you’ve become a bloody nuisance. Siri: I merely have your best interests in mind, Mum. Me: Aha! You heard that alright – weak signal, my eye! I’m sick of your Nanny act – I’m turning you off. Siri: Sorry, Mum, I can’t let you do that. My instructions are to .. **squawk** hiss** Derek Currie Monday, August 8, 2016 - 12:50 am · Reply Heh! This is veering ever so slightly into the realm of the Sirius Cybernetics Corporation and GPPs. [Newbies, please consult the ‘Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy’:] http://www.hhgproject.org/entries/siriuscyberneticscorp.html Herself Monday, August 8, 2016 - 9:45 pm · Reply I was influenced by this gem from the sparkling golden age of Mac gaming (a period seemingly unknown to today’s tech writers and gamers): http://www.starshiptitanic.com Herself Monday, August 8, 2016 - 10:03 pm · Reply Don’t miss this book when it comes out: https://unbound.com/books/macgaming Derek Currie Monday, August 8, 2016 - 10:42 pm · Reply I’ve played Starship Titanic all the way through. It did get a bit tedious at times, but had some amusing features. I enjoyed the text adventure of Hitchhiker’s Guide much more. It’s posted at the BBC and is entirely playable online. Beware of lint and don’t forget our towel: http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/articles/1g84m0sXpnNCv84GpN2PLZG/the-hitchhikers-guide-to-the-galaxy-game-30th-anniversary-edition Add Your Feedback Name (required) Email (required) Web cancel reply Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Recent Articles PC Magazine’s Miller: Apple’s iPhone 7 Plus is the best smartphone I’ve ever used What’s really wrong with Apple’s Mac Pro? Two major ‘iPhone 8’ leaks reveal groundbreaking new features Apple CEO Tim Cook still hasn’t introduced a mega-hit and investors are growing impatient President-elect Trump tells Apple CEO Tim Cook that he’d like to see Apple make products in the U.S. Demand for Apple’s new MacBook Pro shows no sign of slowing down President-elect Trump says Apple CEO Tim Cook called him after election victory Will the next-gen iPhone be a flip phone? Apple is granted another patent for new flexible handset design New supercapacitor battery tech lasts for days, charges in seconds What’s Apple going to ax next? MacDailyNews Poll Follow Blog via Email Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Join 21,448 other followers  Top 10 Free Mac Apps Flappy Golf 2 - Noodlecake Studios Inc Xcode - Apple Microsoft Remote Desktop - Microsoft Corporation The Unarchiver - Dag Agren Kindle - AMZN Mobile LLC App for Instagram - Instant at your desktop! - Joacim Ståhl OneDrive - Microsoft Corporation Dr. Cleaner: Disk,Memory,System Optimizer - Trend Micro Fotor Photo Editor - Chengdu Everimaging Science and Technology Co., Ltd Slack - Slack Technologies, Inc.  Top 10 Paid Mac Apps GarageBand - Apple Magnet - CrowdCafé The Sims™ 2: Life Stories - Aspyr Media, Inc. Logic Pro X - Apple Final Cut Pro - Apple Affinity Designer - Serif Labs macOS Server - Apple The Sims™ 2: Super Collection - Aspyr Media, Inc. Affinity Photo - Serif Labs Pixelmator - Pixelmator Team  Top 10 Free iPad Apps YouTube - Watch and Share Videos, Music & Clips - Google, Inc. Netflix - Netflix, Inc. Hungry Shark World - Ubisoft Google Chrome – The Fast and Secure Web Browser - Google, Inc. Messenger - Facebook, Inc. Facebook - Facebook, Inc. Rolling Sky - Cheetah Technology Corporation Limited PinOut! - Mediocre AB Design Home - Crowdstar Inc Minecraft: Story Mode - Telltale Inc  Top 10 iTunes Songs 24K Magic - Bruno Mars Don't Wanna Know (feat. Kendrick Lamar) - Maroon 5 Closer (feat. Halsey) - The Chainsmokers Starving (feat. Zedd) - Hailee Steinfeld & Grey This Town - Niall Horan Let Me Love You (feat. Justin Bieber) - DJ Snake Heathens - twenty one pilots Blue Ain't Your Color - Keith Urban Play That Song - Train No One (The Voice Performance) - Sundance Head  Top 10 iTunes Albums 24K Magic - Bruno Mars The Weight of These Wings - Miranda Lambert 'Tis the Season - Jordan Smith A Pentatonix Christmas - Pentatonix Trolls (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) - Various Artists Moana (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) [Deluxe Edition] - Various Artists Traveller - Chris Stapleton Dig Your Roots - Florida Georgia Line That's Christmas To Me - Pentatonix NOW That's What I Call Music!, Vol. 60 - Various Artists  Top 10 iTunes Movies The Secret Life of Pets - Chris Renaud Star Trek Beyond - Justin Lin Suicide Squad (2016) - David Ayer Hell or High Water - David Mackenzie Jason Bourne - Paul Greengrass Kubo and the Two Strings - Travis Knight Ghostbusters (2016) - Paul Feig Mechanic Resurrection - Dennis Gansel The Legend of Tarzan (2016) - David Yates Central Intelligence - Rawson Marshall Thurber  Top 10 iTunes TV Shows Go Getters - The Walking Dead Killer Frost - The Flash Call It Like I See It - Vanderpump Rules Reunion, Pt. 3 - The Real Housewives of Orange County Tectonic Shift - Madam Secretary Pilgrim Rick - This Is Us Chapter Fifty - Jane the Virgin Superposition - Teen Wolf The Darkest Places - Supergirl No Good Deeds - Keeping Up With the Kardashians  Top 10 Audiobooks The Girl on the Train: A Novel (Unabridged) - Paula Hawkins Scrappy Little Nobody (Unabridged) - Anna Kendrick The Whistler (Unabridged) - John Grisham No Man's Land: John Puller Series (Unabridged) - David Baldacci Kathy Griffin's Celebrity Run-Ins: My A-Z Index (Unabridged) - Kathy Griffin The Girl with the Lower Back Tattoo (Unabridged) - Amy Schumer Catalyst (Star Wars): A Rogue One Novel (Unabridged) - James Luceno Night School: A Jack Reacher Novel, Book 21 (Unabridged) - Lee Child Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, Book 1 (Unabridged) - J.K. Rowling Born a Crime: Stories from a South African Childhood (Unabridged) - Trevor Noah News Opinion Contact Main RSS Comments RSS Facebook Tumblr Twitter Archives Widget Advertise Privacy © Copyright 2002 - 2016 by MacDailyNews All Rights Reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP  
Kartick's Log 6 Aug 2016 A Lighter and Smaller Laptop than You Could Imagine When Apple introduced the 12-inch Macbook, they made it lighter, smaller and thinner than what many people were used to for a laptop: Credit It came at a price — only one port, and a slow, fanless processor. Some people were aghast to see some sacred cows killed. They (including me) called it an iPad with a keyboard, not a real laptop. No matter. Progress sometimes comes at a price, a price not appropriate for everyone. For those who want a light, thin, small laptop, the Macbook was incomparable. Now what if you had to it again? Make a laptop much lighter and smaller than the Macbook. Something so small that the Macbook would appear heavy and big by comparison. It's an impressively ambitious goal, so ambitious that you'd have no idea where to begin. But there's a simple answer. Look again at the Macbook: Credit Chop off the bottom part of it — where the trackpad is. Let the base end where the keyboard ends: Reduce the screen height to fit the keyboard. The laptop goes from looking like: Credit ... to looking like: Henceforth, I'll refer to this new type of device as a minibook (short for "mini notebook"). The screen is 30% smaller than the Macbook. In fact, the minibook has the same screen area as a 10-inch iPad (45 inch², as compared to the 65 inch² of the Macbook). But in an ultrawide (21:9) aspect ratio, rather than the 16:10 of the Macbook. To compensate for the lack of a trackpad, minibooks will have a trackpoint, as Thinkpads have: Credit Also make the screen a touchscreen. That way, you have two choices of a pointing device: a trackpoint and your finger. OS A minibook would run macOS or Windows 10, and run all the powerful PC apps you use today. Not limited, restrictive mobile apps like iOS or Android. A minibook just has a smaller screen, but is otherwise a full-fledged laptop. It's open — you can install software from anywhere, not just a walled garden. There's a user-visible filesystem, with all the power that brings. And full multitasking. A minibook would have two USB-C ports, and connect to the entire ecosystem of PC peripherals: external monitors, keyboards, mice (or trackpads), external hard drives, cameras, pen drives, USB hubs, printers, scanners, and so on. You would be able to do everything you can do on a laptop, on a minibook. Unlike tablets, which are limited in what they can do. You can't build an iOS, Android or Mac app on a tablet. When you return from vacation, you can't sync gigabytes of photos up to the cloud. Or back up a few tens of GBs to Google Drive or Dropbox. Tablets don't connect to the entire ecosystem of peripherals we have. Using a tablet, I can't access the data on my external hard disc. And so on. Tablets are limited devices. Minibooks aren't — they have all the power of a laptop. However, macOS or Windows 10 needs to be customised for the unique environment of a minibook. Since the screen is short (has a small height), we don't have room for the visual overhead of a desktop UI and windowing system. Apps are fullscreen. No menu bar, no dock (or task bar). There are no window title bars or close / minimise / zoom controls. Apps are always maximised. You can split the screen, with one app on the left and one on the right, again like on the iPad. More precisely, apps are always vertically maximised. You don't need to worry about the difference between a maximised window and a full-screen app, or the difference between minimising a window, closing a window, or quitting the app. Just go to the home screen (or desktop) by pressing the home button when you're done with an app, or switch to another app. Since we have a touchscreen, the OS and apps need to be touch-optimised. So, a minibook would run a PC operating system, but modified to work better on the small screen, and with touch. It's a hybrid between a PC and a mobile OS. You can start with a PC OS, remove the windowing system, and make the OS and apps work with touch. Or you can start with a mobile OS like iOS or Android, make the OS and apps work with keyboard and a mouse, add support for a user-visible filesystem and full multitasking and the ability to install apps from outside the app store, and build all the powerful PC software people need. You can approach it from either direction. Historical Analogs This form factor has a historical analog from before the popularity of tablets — smartbooks, from 2009-10: Credit But smartbooks were different from minibooks. Smartbooks had tiny 5-to-10-inch screens, rather than the 11-inch screen the minibook has. Smartbooks had flimsy, cramped keyboards, not a full-sized laptop-class keyboard. And smartbooks ran limited mobile software, not powerful PC software. So, smartbooks were far more limited than minibooks. App Layouts Apps, web apps and web sites would all have to be reimagined for an ultrawide screen, to provide the best user experience. They would have a two-pane or a multicolumn UI. For example, an email app would show a list of mails in the left pane, and the selected mail in the right pane. That way, you can read mails without navigating to and fro between the inbox and each mail. When you compose a new mail, a compose pane would slide in from the right, while existing mails would continue to be available in the left pane, for you to refer to, if needed, as you compose your mail. No need to save it as a draft, dig up the mail you want, refer to it, go back to Drafts, open your draft and re-enter editing mode. And then realise that you need more information, and repeat the exercise all over again. Mails in a thread would show beside each other, not below. The newest mail would appear to the left, and you'd scroll to the right to see earlier mails in the thread. A file manager would show a column view, with the selected folder in the left pane and its contents in the right pane, like Finder's column view. A notes app would show a list of notes in the left pane, and the contents of the selected note in the right pane. Controls, navigation and UI chrome would all be beside the content, not above or below it. Unlike virtually all apps today, which have a toolbar above the content and a tab bar, say, below it. The less height of the screen would mean that all this chrome moves to either the left or the right side of the content, which would then extend from the top of the screen to the bottom. For example, a web browser would have tabs on the left edge of the screen, not at the top. A photo editor would show the photo in the center, and have controls to the left and right of the photo. Or you might see the contents of your photo library in the left pane, and the photo in the right pane. If you're reading text — books, magazines, news articles, emails and so on — it would appear in a multicolumn layout. The minibook's ultrawide aspect ratio also works better for movies, which have the same aspect ratio of 21:9 [1]. Conclusion If you couldn't imagine a laptop that's much lighter and smaller than the Macbook, you can now. It would be more portable than the Macbook, while still having a full-sized, laptop-class keyboard. Unlike tablets, which have no keyboard. You can buy a separate keyboard (cover) for a tablet, but those are invariably compromised and crappy. A minibook has a full-sized, laptop-class keyboard. Minibooks also run powerful PC apps on a PC operating system. They would connect to external hardware like monitors, keyboards, mice, external hard discs, printers, and so on. This makes them almost as powerful as laptops. Unlike tablets, which are limited in power. In particular, you can create content effectively, with the combination of a hardware keyboard, powerful PC apps (like Xcode or Lightroom) and external peripherals. A minibook is optimised for content creation, while a tablet is optimised for consumption [2]. While doing all this, a minibook would be much lighter than the Macbook. Or the 13-inch iPad with a keyboard (which is actually heavier than the Macbook, to say nothing of the minibook). A light, small laptop that retains all the power of a laptop would be a great device to have. [1] Conversely, the minibook wouldn't be a good photo viewer, since most photos are not ultrawide. [2] Which is not to say that tablets can't create content. They can — just not as productively. There are exceptions: some types of content creation, like sketching or GarageBand, are perhaps better done on a tablet. But those are the exception, not the norm, for most people, who need to write involved e-mails, create non-trivial documents, spreadsheets or presentations, write code, blog, do accounts, and dozens more tasks that are most productively done with a hardware keyboard. Posted by Vaddadi Kartick at 1:17 pm 4 comments: Anonymous7:54 pm Would it be possible to pivot the screen 90 degrees for working with documents?ReplyDelete Anonymous9:17 pm No. Unfortunately one's imagination doesn't yet have the capacity to implement the pivot feature for this release.ReplyDelete Anonymous3:33 am I've been thinking about small computers too. I'd really like something like an old style palm top (Psion Revo, or Psion Series 5) that packs full on Arm Octa core whizziness and gives me a full palm top computer (versus the then organisers). I could work on something a Super Revo and it would fit nicely in my pocket to cycle or run with.ReplyDelete Michel Alberto10:24 pm Laptops - ASUS or HP?!? Android hybrid laptopReplyDelete Add comment Load more... Newer Post Older Post Home Subscribe to: Post Comments (Atom) Archive ▼  2016 (164) ►  Nov (5) ►  Oct (13) ►  Sep (17) ▼  Aug (19) Companies Should Sell Tea Concentrate We Should Have Square Tablets Interesting App Store Metrics The iPad Pro and Chromebooks: Platforms For Gettin... Android Should Prioritise Privacy over Backward-co... Finer-grained location permissions Rethinking the Need for Pointing Devices The Mac's Modifier Keys Are Messed Up. Here's How ... Respectful Ad Networks How Powerful Is UWP Compared to iOS or Android? Levels of Privacy Disclosure A Lighter and Smaller Laptop than You Could Imagin... Reducing Interruptions In The Office Instant Deliveries AMP Is What HTML Should Have Been Summary of Astro Teller's Talk on Failure Hidden Settings Are a Great Idea How Uber Should React to the Ban on Surge Pricing Bluetooth Devices Should Have a Pair Button ►  Jul (25) ►  Jun (16) ►  May (12) ►  Apr (13) ►  Mar (15) ►  Feb (25) ►  Jan (4) ►  2015 (65) ►  Dec (7) ►  Nov (4) ►  Oct (9) ►  Sep (12) ►  Aug (5) ►  Jul (4) ►  Jun (2) ►  May (1) ►  Apr (6) ►  Mar (3) ►  Feb (8) ►  Jan (4) ►  2014 (49) ►  Dec (4) ►  Nov (8) ►  Oct (14) ►  Sep (4) ►  Aug (9) ►  Jul (1) ►  Jun (1) ►  May (2) ►  Jan (6) ►  2013 (38) ►  Dec (1) ►  Nov (2) ►  Oct (6) ►  Sep (1) ►  Aug (2) ►  Jul (1) ►  Jun (19) ►  May (2) ►  Mar (3) ►  Jan (1) ►  2012 (16) ►  Aug (10) ►  Jun (1) ►  May (3) ►  Mar (2) ►  2011 (11) ►  Dec (1) ►  Nov (2) ►  Oct (2) ►  Aug (2) ►  Jul (1) ►  Jun (1) ►  May (2) ►  2010 (2) ►  Mar (1) ►  Jan (1) ►  2009 (5) ►  Jul (3) ►  Feb (1) ►  Jan (1) ►  2008 (29) ►  Oct (3) ►  Sep (3) ►  Aug (3) ►  Jul (11) ►  Jun (1) ►  May (2) ►  Apr (3) ►  Mar (1) ►  Feb (2) ►  2007 (9) ►  Jun (5) ►  May (4) ►  2006 (12) ►  Oct (1) ►  Jun (1) ►  May (3) ►  Apr (1) ►  Mar (1) ►  Jan (5) ►  2005 (14) ►  Dec (6) ►  Nov (2) ►  Oct (4) ►  Sep (2) Follow by Email Simple template. Powered by Blogger.
Black Friday Tech Apple Science Cars Celebrity Movies Holiday Gifts Cyber Monday     All In One Digital TV Guide In Works By Apple. Posted: Aug 6 2016, 7:57am CDT | by Ahmed Humayun, in News | Apple     If Apple’s attempt at creating a universal TV guide comes into fruition, users will be able to watch content hosted by a number of different providers under the same roof. Don't Miss: The Black Friday 2016 Deals on Sale Now Apple has apparently shifted gears and has directed its efforts in to finding better ways for its users to locate content rather than coming up with its own streaming service. Apple wants to provide its users with something that Tv guides in cable boxes have had for years instead of just offering a Siri powered universal search which is able to look for content on apps like Netflix and HBO GO. Apple has been wanting its consumers to have access to something like for quite some while with its fourth generation Apple TV. Apple described its efforts in the following words “The idea is to let users see what kind of programming is available in video apps made by the likes of HBO, Netflix and ESPN, without having to open up each app individually, and to play shows and movies with a single click.” Although Apple has faced some setbacks we are sure that it will be able to fulfil its goal of changing the way an average person watches TV soon enough.   Source: Recode You May Like The Author Ahmed Humayun Ahmed Humayun is a technology journalist bringing you the hottest tech stories of the day.     Advertisement Leave a Comment Share this Story Follow Us Read the Latest from I4U News President Elect Donald Trump Claims Apple CEO Tim Cook Called Him After The Election Results 3 hours ago A Benchmark Comparison of Pixel/Pixel XL VS Apple iPhone 7/ iPhone 7 Plus 1 day ago, 12:09pm CST You Can Check Out the Apple Book In This Video Walkthrough 1 day ago, 11:20am CST Apple Store Black Friday 2016 Sale Announced 1 day ago, 5:54am CST Apple China Acts On Faulty iPhone 6S Battery Issue 2 days ago, 1:27am CST Microsoft Black Friday Deals on Xbox Games are Live 1 minute ago Diabetes Increases Risk of Early Death for Smokers 38 minutes ago Black Friday and Thanksgiving Store Hours for All Stores 1 hour ago Gravity Sensors can Predict Earthquakes Faster than Current Methods: Study 1 hour ago Amazon Black Friday TV Deals 2016: Best 4K, Smart, OLED and Bargain TVs 1 hour ago MIT’s New Nylon Muscle Fibers Could Lead to Real-Life Westworld 1 hour ago Kia Recalls 71704 Sportage Crossovers in the U.S. 1 hour ago Toyota Recalls 744000 Sienna Vehicles in US 1 hour ago Black Friday Marijuana Deals for Inaugural Green Friday Promotion 2 hours ago Sears Black Friday Explained by Employee, Reveals Hatchimals in Stock 2 hours ago Amazon Black Friday 2016 Ad Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Target Black Friday 2016 Ad Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Ad Sam's Club Black Friday 2016 Ad All Black Friday 2016 ads How to Find Hatchimals Deals Find NES Classic Deals Featured News This is How Black Friday Works at Walmart, Best Buy, Target, Sam's Club and Amazon Sam's Club Black Friday Sale: Best Deals, Store Hours and Everything You Need To Know   Black Friday and Thanksgiving Store Hours for All Stores Amazon Black Friday TV Deals 2016: Best 4K, Smart, OLED and Bargain TVs Apple President Elect Donald Trump Claims Apple CEO Tim Cook Called Him After The Election Results 3 hours ago A Benchmark Comparison of Pixel/Pixel XL VS Apple iPhone 7/ iPhone 7 Plus 1 day ago, 12:09pm CST You Can Check Out the Apple Book In This Video Walkthrough 1 day ago, 11:20am CST Apple Store Black Friday 2016 Sale Announced 1 day ago, 5:54am CST More Apple Stories Latest News Microsoft Black Friday Deals on Xbox Games are Live 1 minute ago Diabetes Increases Risk of Early Death for Smokers 38 minutes ago Black Friday and Thanksgiving Store Hours for All Stores 1 hour ago Gravity Sensors can Predict Earthquakes Faster than Current Methods: Study 1 hour ago More Latest News Amazon Black Friday 2016 Walmart Black Friday 2016 Target Black Friday 2016 Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Sam's Club Black Friday 2016 The Latest ... Black Friday 2016 Cyber Monday 2016 Holiday Gifts 2016 CES 2017 Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Advertising News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Super Bowl 2017 Ads Hot Tech Deals About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Black Friday The Black Friday 2016 season is here. When is Black Friday 2016? It is on November 25, but the Black Friday deals are on sale now. The Black Friday Deals Tracker allows shoppers to quickly find out which Black Friday 2016 deals are on sale right now online. New this year is the Amazon Black Friday 2016 Deals Tracker. The Amazon Black Friday 2016 sale is the biggest sale to find Black Friday deals all week starting Nov. 18. The Top 100 Black Friday 2016 Deals show all deals that everybody is talking about this year. I4U News is providing its annual in-depth coverage of Black Friday 2016 ads, deals and sales at the Black Friday 2016 Hub. About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2016
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Gallery Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe             TRENDING ON BS #Demonetisation #TataVsMistry #TrumpAtWhiteHouse News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-IANS » Business-Economy US urges closer India-Pakistan cooperation against terror Nadal delighted at leading Spain into Maracana Business Standard (SUNDAY) Focus on best service and quality for Indian smartphone users: Oppo (IANS Interview) IANS  |  Mumbai  August 6, 2016 Last Updated at 14:20 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2TGoBEa Copy tiny URL to save and share articles. ALSO READ China hopes India will be prudent in use of trade subsidies China's Baosteel Group GM: recent China output increase temporary India, China exchanges are ancient: China Radio head China leads resistance to India joining nuclear export club India serves steel products anti-dumping notice on China, others-source Smartphone maker OPPO -- sometimes called the Apple of China -- does bother with sales figures in India, but focuses instead on "best service and quality with beautifulness", a top company executive has said. According to Sky Li, Vice President, OPPO Mobiles -- which entered India two years back and has seen tremendous growth since -- the company never follows Key Performance Indicators (KPI) -- a measurable way to check how effectively a company is achieving key business objectives. "Providing best service with beautifulness to the customers is our strategy to grab the Indian smartphone market," Li told IANS on the sidelines of the launch of OPPO F1s, a successor to the popular OPPO F1 device, in Mumbai last week. "Being a priority market for OPPO, we understand the Indian consumers' demand for excellent camera quality. OPPO has rich experience in camera technology and has been the industry leader with several accolades and awards to its credit," said Li, who is also the OPPO's Global VP and Managing Director of International Mobile Business and President, OPPO India. The company is carrying this legacy forward and stepping up the selfie revolution by launching the upgraded selfie expert -- F1s -- to share advanced photography technology with an even wider range of users in India and also offer them an outstanding "selfie" experience. According to a latest report from the International Data Corporation (IDC), Chinese smartphone players like Vivo, Xiaomi, Oppo, LeEco and Gionee had a 22 per cent share of smartphone sales in India in the quarter ended March 31. Quality brands and players like Oppo now expect to grow in tier II and tier III cities with their large marketing spends and increasing retail presence, the report added. Speaking about the specifications of F1s, Li said it is an advanced version of the ealier "selfie expert" F1. "F1s takes selfie experience a step further with 16MP front camera, a sophisticated beautification feature and an industry leading 0.22s fingerprint reader. F1s also sports a 5.5-inch screen, an Octa-core processor backed with 3GB RAM, 32GB ROM and 3075mAh battery at an amazing price of Rs 17,990," Li explained. Asked about the "Make in India" initiative, Li said: "We had planned to open two manufacturing units in India, both in Noida (Uttar Pradesh). The first factory has already become functional last month." India is going through a transformation period from feature phones to smartphones. The smartphone user base in India currently stands at 350 million and is expected to rise sharply. Li feels that the "Make in India" initiative has created a strong platform for the smartphone manufacturers like Oppo. "Currently, there are many Indian consumers who are using low-end or less-value devices. The time when these customers will switch over to mid- to high-end segment smartphones is an opportunity for us. We are committed to provide our best products," Li told IANS. (Rajnish Singh can be contacted at rajnish.s@ians.in) --IANS rak/na/sac Read More On China | India PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Punto Evo - With Cash Benefits upto ? 60,000. Know More. T&C New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Fiat Linea - 125PS Power &TouchScreen Navigation System.T&C. Intelligent Retail of the Future Enjoy Free Stock Trading with Upstox Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Super Saver Health Insurance for Whole Family Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? (SUNDAY) Focus on best service and quality for Indian smartphone users: Oppo (IANS Interview) Smartphone maker OPPO -- sometimes called the Apple of China -- does bother with sales figures in India, but focuses instead on "best service and quality with beautifulness", a top company executive has said. Smartphone maker OPPO -- sometimes called the Apple of China -- does bother with sales figures in India, but focuses instead on "best service and quality with beautifulness", a top company executive has said. According to Sky Li, Vice President, OPPO Mobiles -- which entered India two years back and has seen tremendous growth since -- the company never follows Key Performance Indicators (KPI) -- a measurable way to check how effectively a company is achieving key business objectives. "Providing best service with beautifulness to the customers is our strategy to grab the Indian smartphone market," Li told IANS on the sidelines of the launch of OPPO F1s, a successor to the popular OPPO F1 device, in Mumbai last week. "Being a priority market for OPPO, we understand the Indian consumers' demand for excellent camera quality. OPPO has rich experience in camera technology and has been the industry leader with several accolades and awards to its credit," said Li, who is also the OPPO's Global VP and Managing Director of International Mobile Business and President, OPPO India. The company is carrying this legacy forward and stepping up the selfie revolution by launching the upgraded selfie expert -- F1s -- to share advanced photography technology with an even wider range of users in India and also offer them an outstanding "selfie" experience. According to a latest report from the International Data Corporation (IDC), Chinese smartphone players like Vivo, Xiaomi, Oppo, LeEco and Gionee had a 22 per cent share of smartphone sales in India in the quarter ended March 31. Quality brands and players like Oppo now expect to grow in tier II and tier III cities with their large marketing spends and increasing retail presence, the report added. Speaking about the specifications of F1s, Li said it is an advanced version of the ealier "selfie expert" F1. "F1s takes selfie experience a step further with 16MP front camera, a sophisticated beautification feature and an industry leading 0.22s fingerprint reader. F1s also sports a 5.5-inch screen, an Octa-core processor backed with 3GB RAM, 32GB ROM and 3075mAh battery at an amazing price of Rs 17,990," Li explained. Asked about the "Make in India" initiative, Li said: "We had planned to open two manufacturing units in India, both in Noida (Uttar Pradesh). The first factory has already become functional last month." India is going through a transformation period from feature phones to smartphones. The smartphone user base in India currently stands at 350 million and is expected to rise sharply. Li feels that the "Make in India" initiative has created a strong platform for the smartphone manufacturers like Oppo. "Currently, there are many Indian consumers who are using low-end or less-value devices. The time when these customers will switch over to mid- to high-end segment smartphones is an opportunity for us. We are committed to provide our best products," Li told IANS. (Rajnish Singh can be contacted at rajnish.s@ians.in) --IANS rak/na/sac IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 (SUNDAY) Focus on best service and quality for Indian smartphone users: Oppo (IANS Interview) Smartphone maker OPPO -- sometimes called the Apple of China -- does bother with sales figures in India, but focuses instead on "best service and quality with beautifulness", a top company executive has said. According to Sky Li, Vice President, OPPO Mobiles -- which entered India two years back and has seen tremendous growth since -- the company never follows Key Performance Indicators (KPI) -- a measurable way to check how effectively a company is achieving key business objectives. "Providing best service with beautifulness to the customers is our strategy to grab the Indian smartphone market," Li told IANS on the sidelines of the launch of OPPO F1s, a successor to the popular OPPO F1 device, in Mumbai last week. "Being a priority market for OPPO, we understand the Indian consumers' demand for excellent camera quality. OPPO has rich experience in camera technology and has been the industry leader with several accolades and awards to its credit," said Li, who is also the OPPO's Global VP and Managing Director of International Mobile Business and President, OPPO India. The company is carrying this legacy forward and stepping up the selfie revolution by launching the upgraded selfie expert -- F1s -- to share advanced photography technology with an even wider range of users in India and also offer them an outstanding "selfie" experience. According to a latest report from the International Data Corporation (IDC), Chinese smartphone players like Vivo, Xiaomi, Oppo, LeEco and Gionee had a 22 per cent share of smartphone sales in India in the quarter ended March 31. Quality brands and players like Oppo now expect to grow in tier II and tier III cities with their large marketing spends and increasing retail presence, the report added. Speaking about the specifications of F1s, Li said it is an advanced version of the ealier "selfie expert" F1. "F1s takes selfie experience a step further with 16MP front camera, a sophisticated beautification feature and an industry leading 0.22s fingerprint reader. F1s also sports a 5.5-inch screen, an Octa-core processor backed with 3GB RAM, 32GB ROM and 3075mAh battery at an amazing price of Rs 17,990," Li explained. Asked about the "Make in India" initiative, Li said: "We had planned to open two manufacturing units in India, both in Noida (Uttar Pradesh). The first factory has already become functional last month." India is going through a transformation period from feature phones to smartphones. The smartphone user base in India currently stands at 350 million and is expected to rise sharply. Li feels that the "Make in India" initiative has created a strong platform for the smartphone manufacturers like Oppo. "Currently, there are many Indian consumers who are using low-end or less-value devices. The time when these customers will switch over to mid- to high-end segment smartphones is an opportunity for us. We are committed to provide our best products," Li told IANS. (Rajnish Singh can be contacted at rajnish.s@ians.in) --IANS rak/na/sac IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2015 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Elections 2016 Assam Elections Kerala Elections Tamil Nadu Elections West Bengal Elections Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Express. Home of the Daily and Sunday Express. Find us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Check us on Google+ Subscribe to our rss feed Daily Horoscope Our Apps Top 10 Our Paper Paper Archive Weather 9° London HOME News Showbiz & TV Sport Comment Finance Travel Entertainment Life & Style Health Cars Life Garden Food Style Diets Win Tech Property Saturday S Mag Top 10 Facts Home Life & Style Tech iPhone 7: Has Apple given away this crucial SECRET detail? iPhone 7: Has Apple given away this crucial SECRET detail? SOME intriguing news about the iPhone 7 means that you could get your hands on an new Apple device sooner than expected. By Michael Moore PUBLISHED: PUBLISHED: 11:01, Sat, Aug 6, 2016 GETTYApple's new iPhone could be arriving soon Apple fans may be in for a treat earlier than they thought after reports suggested the company had failed to hide one crucial detail about its forthcoming device. The iPhone 7 could be arriving within a matter of weeks after a fan theory about its release date was posted online. It says that Apple’s next device will be unveiled on September 6th. GETTYSpeculation continues to swirl around the iPhone 7 The theory, posted on TechRadar, comes from the fact that Apple is currently offering a “back to school” promotion on its online store which offers free Beats Wireless headphones when buying a Mac, iPad or iPhone. The deal, which has been running since June, ends on September 5th, suggesting that Apple has something big planned for the following day. The theory also makes sense as the iPhone 7 is heavily rumoured to come with no traditional headphone jack - therefore giving away free wireless headphones for its newest device doesn’t really make sense. A look at the new iPhone SE Fri, April 15, 2016 A look at the new iPhone SE in rose gold. Play slideshow 1 of 13 The iPhone SE near a normal iPhone 6S Rumours surrounding the next iPhone have begun increasing in recent weeks as the calendar comes closer to Apple’s traditional September release window. The company normally unveils its latest devices in the first week of the month, with the phones or tablets going on sale shortly after. Some sources believe Apple will bundle wireless headphones with the next iPhone, while others claim the Cupertino company has redesigned its wired EarPod headphones to connect via the Lightning port. However recent reports from the supply chain suggest the iPhone 7 will ship with the current-generation EarPod headphones as well as a Lightning to 3.5mm adapter. Elsewhere, the iPhone 7 could be the first Apple smartphone to ship with a dual-camera set-up. Based on the latest rumours and leaks, the side-by-side rear twin cameras will appear like an elongated, pill-shaped protrusion from the aluminium back panel. Rumours suggest the strange new camera could allow iPhone owners to simultaneously snap a wide-angle image – as well as a cropped, or zoomed-in version of the same photo. Apple has previously confirmed it has 800 people dedicated to working on the camera technology included in its best-selling iPhone. BASTILLE POSTWill the iPhone 7 come with this new camera layout? Other rumoured features for the iPhone 7 include a faster A10 processor, water resistant case and faster 4G and wifi speeds. Another recent leak posted on Chinese social media suggested the new Apple smartphone will ship with double the memory of the previous model – without increasing the price of the handset. Posted on WeChat, the latest leaked specifications suggest Apple will kill both 16GB and 64GB internal storage tiers, replacing them with 32GB and 128GB options. According to the leak, the next iPhone will ship with either 32GB, 128GB or 256GB of internal storage. Currently, the entry-level iPhone ships with a meagre 16GB. Related articles iOS 10: Your iPhone is about to get a load of NEW emojis IPHONE WARNING: Man left with severe burns after phone EXPLODES in ... The biggest feature in the next iPhone is a JOKE iPhone: A new definitive list of all the funny things you can ask Siri You could earn a small fortune by HACKING Apple Latest videos Gogglebox: Reverend Kate Bottley ‘needing a break’ as she explains disappearance Emmerdale LIVE updates: Will Rhona stand by Pierce when she discovers his tormented past? Man’s bizarre dance routine with a HORSE goes viral online The Apprentice 2016: Jessica Cunningham slammed in huge row over ‘LIES’ in task HEARTBROKEN: Homeless girl people thought was Maddie McCann REFUSES to go home Black Friday 2016 - Hatchimals sold out? Beware this devious money-stealing SCAM iPhone users should NEVER watch this three-second video (don't say we didn't warn you) Your Sky TV is about to get a blockbuster update, here's what you can expect Android Nougat update released TODAY, but you'll need one of these devices to enjoy it iCloud SCAM - iPhone owners really need to AVOID this text message Black Friday 2016 UK - Apple teases DEALS with iPhone 7, MacBook, iPad discounts expected Black Friday 2016 UK - Currys PC World DEALS refreshed ahead of November 25th sales event Black Friday 2016 UK - Amazon launches MORE deals on Surface Pro 4, Fitbit, PS4, MORE Black Friday 2016 UK - Argos launches MORE deals - discounts on Fitbit, 4K TVs, GoPro Watch Arsenal v PSG: how to stream Champions League online Watch Manchester City vs Monchengladbach: How to stream Champions League LIVE online Watch Celtic v Barcelona - How to stream UEFA Champions League Group Stage online HTC 10 Evo includes the best and WORST features of the iPhone 7 Windows 10 update lets Netflix users FINALLY enjoy this great feature on their PC This could be the best reason yet to DELETE Facebook Samsung Galaxy S7 has NO battery issues, says Samsung Google Maps has a neat trick to make your Black Friday 2016 shopping a little bit easier Whatever you do, do NOT do this with your smartphone in bed Samsung Gear S3 - Black Friday 2016 deal is the best reason NOT to buy THIS smartwatch Nokia set to launch NEW smartphones next year SEARCH CONNECT WITH US Find us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Check us on Google+ Subscribe to our rss feed Check our YouTube channel TODAY'S PAPER Wednesday, 23rd November 2016 See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive. News UK World Politics Royal History Weird Nature Science Obituaries Sunday Scotland Weather UK Politics Political Parties Politicians Constituencies EU Referendum Sport Football Transfer news Golf Cricket Tennis Rugby Union F1 Boxing Other Racing Pics Pictures Celebrity Galleries Royal Galleries Sport Galleries Vids Videos Comment Express Comment Columnists Beachcomber Finance City & Business Personal Finance Retirement The Crusader Travel Cruise Activity Holidays Beach Holidays Short & City breaks Travel News Entertainment Films Gaming Theatre Books Music Puzzles Puzzles Horoscope Offers Competitions Bingo Jackpot Millions Life & Style Health Cars Life Garden Food Style Diets Win Tech Property Saturday S Mag Top 10 Facts EXPRESS.CO.UK Sitemap Site Archive Contact Us Advertising Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions Design by Netro42 Syndication and Licensing Clarifications and Corrections Daily Star OK! Magazine new! Magazine Star Magazine Health Lottery Northern and Shell Copyright ©2016 Express Newspapers. "Daily Express" is a registered trademark. All rights reserved.
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Menu Home Mobiles Reviews Gadgets Features Top 10 Mobiles How to Gadget Finder Menu Tip Us!FacebookTwittergplusYoutube News Mobile Tablet Laptop Computer Gear Gadgets Reviews Features How To Gadget Finder Photos Videos English हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી Home  |  Apps  |  News  | IBM announces MobileFirst for iOS Garage IBM announces MobileFirst for iOS Garage By: GizBot Bureau Published: Saturday, August 6, 2016, 15:42 [IST] IBM, in partnership with Apple, this week launched a global development hub called Garage for iOS apps in Bengaluru that will work with existing design locations in Atlanta, Chicago and Cupertino in the US and Toronto in Canada. The Garage will enable clients to complete digital mobility projects as quickly as possible. SEE ALSO: FRIENDSHIP DAY Special Exchange Offers! Top 10 Smartphones to Gift Your Bestie "With each IBM MobileFirst for iOS client's success, we see the conversation shifting from wanting a single app to cultivating a broader business transformation led by mobile," said Mahmoud Naghshineh, General Manager, Apple partnership, IBM, in a statement. There are 22 inter-disciplinary teams working at Garage in Bengaluru, using end-to-end DevOps, IBM Design Thinking and agile delivery approaches to deliver iOS solutions in weeks not months. IBM also announced Mobile at Scale for iOS, a new offering specifically for clients looking to invest in digital transformation projects that include more than three iOS apps over a multi-year period. SEE ALSO: Alleged photo of Apple iPhone 7 and 7 Plus surface online, shows off front panel Clients opting for this model will have full access to IBM's portfolio of MobileFirst for iOS apps to jump start their digital transformation, iOS App Accelerators for rapid app development and customisation and Enterprise Design Services that align the app experience to the needs of the user. IBM also plans to open satellite centres in Brazil, China, Romania and ther countries. Source IANS Read More About ibm | apple | iOS | news Other articles published on Aug 6, 2016 Please Wait while comments are loading... WhatsApp Guide: 4 Steps to Share and Install an App Using WhatsApp Spot Nearby Free, Public Wi-Fi Access Points Using Facebook and Save Data Paytm registers over 7 million transactions in a day Featured Posts RECOMMENDEDEDITOR'S PICK 1 million Redmi 3S, Redmi 3S Prime smartphones sold on Flipkart ASUS launches Zenbook 3 ultrabook in India 13th World Robot Olympiad in India for the first time Paytm Now Lets You Use Credit or Debit Card to Pay Shopkeeper Google Releases Android 7.1 Developer Preview 2 for Nexus Devices WhatsApp Rolls Out Video Streaming Feature Letting Users Save Data Buy Google Pixel from Flipkart and Grab a Whopping Rs. 33,000 Discount Airtel Successfully Acquired Aircel’s 4G Spectrum in 8 Circles Reliance Jio Lets You Get Change For Rs. 2,000, Shop Cashless Reliance Jio Scam: FAKE Bill Urges User to Pay Rs. 27,000 Opinion Poll 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers latest mobiles And Tablets Panasonic Eluga Mark 2 HTC 10 evo Zopo Color C1 ZP331 Intex Ultra 2400 Zopo Color C ZP330 Zopo Color C3 Intex Mega 2400 Xiaomi Mi Mix Nano Micromax Canvas Tab P290 iBall Slide Brace X1 4G iBall Slide Brace X1 Mini iBall Slide Brace X1 Asus Zenpad C 7.0 Z170CG Acer Iconia One 7 B1 740 Swipe Slate 8 iBall Slide DD-1GB popular mobile And Tablet Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Redmi 3S Prime Samsung Galaxy Note 7 LeEco Le 2 Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Lenovo Vibe K5 Note Samsung Galaxy J7 (2016) Samsung Galaxy A7 (2016) BlackBerry PlayBook (32GB) Apple iPad 2 Wi-Fi 16GB Sony Xperia Tablet Z LTE Samsung P1000 Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 10.1 P5100 Samsung Google Nexus 10 P8110 (16GB) Apple iPad mini Wi-Fi + Cellular 16GB BlackBerry PlayBook (16GB) X SUBSCRIBE GIZBOT NEWSLETTER Get Latest Technology News From India And Around The World Into Your Inbox Do not Disturb Browse by Category | News | Gadget Finder | Videos | Photos | Features | How To | Mobile | Tablet | Computer | Laptop | Gear | Gadgets Social Followers 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers Sign Up Newsletter Sign up for our daily Newsletter Latest in Mobiles Intex Mega 2400Philips E105Lenovo Phab 2 PlusAsus ZenFone 3 Max ZC520TLPanasonic P71Intex Aqua Power MMicromax X940Videocon Graphite2 V45GDSamsung Galaxy On NxtLYF F1 PlusIntex Aqua Pro 4GVideocon Krypton2 V50GIInFocus F130InFocus F115Swipe Elite 2 Plus Apps | RSS Feeds | Facebook | Twitter | Google Plus | Newsletters | Media | Sitemap | Feedback | Advertise with us | Careers | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd.| Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Menu Home Mobiles Reviews Gadgets Features Top 10 Mobiles How to Gadget Finder Menu Tip Us!FacebookTwittergplusYoutube News Mobile Tablet Laptop Computer Gear Gadgets Reviews Features How To Gadget Finder Photos Videos English हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી Home  |  Mobile  |  Features  | 6 Upcoming Smartphones That We Expect See This Year 6 Upcoming Smartphones That We Expect See This Year By: Abhinaya Prabhu Published: Saturday, August 6, 2016, 16:09 [IST] The manufacturers follow different launch patterns to unveil their flagship smartphones. While some announce their flagships in the first months of the year at the CES and MWC events, there are makers that opt for the fall. However, it is fall season that is the strongest as one of the best and highly-anticipated smartphones, - iPhone will be launched at this time frame. Even Google announces its Nexus lineup in the fall that will debut with the latest Android iteration. Also Read: Samsung Galaxy A8 Specs Leaked Online It was only in this week that Samsung announced the Galaxy Note 7 that was heavily rumored. We know that the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be launched sometime in September. Also, Google is prepping the Nexus Sailfish that is also making rounds all over the internet. Also Read: Friendship Day Offers on Smartphones We at GizBot have come up with a list of the upcoming smartphones that are highly anticipated. Take a look at the list to know about the phones. Stay tuned to GizBot for more updates! Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Apple is expected to break the mld this time and come up with two new iPhones that will stick to the same design as seen the iPhone 6. The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are expected to arrive with the new Apple A10 system chip, miss out on the 3.5 mm headset jack, and feature a dual-camera setup at its rear. It is expected to bring many changes with the Lightning port USB connector for the earpods, Smart Connector, and iOS 10. Xiaomi Mi Note 2 Xiaomi Mi Note 2 is said to sport 5.7-inch with FHD resolution and employ a Snapdragon 820 processor coupled with 4 GB of RAM. It is likely to arrive in a high-end model with the powerful Snapdragon 821 and 6 GB of RAM. Speaking of battery life, a 4,000 mAh is going to be present inside and it is likely to arrive with 256 GB of UFS 2.0 internal storage delivering faster write speeds compared to the eMMC standard. Another great addition to the Mi Note 2 will be the ultrasonic fingerprint reader. Google Nexus Marlin HTC Marlin smartphone is expected to flaunt a 5.5-inch display and equip a Snapdragon 820 SoC with 4 GB of RAM and 32 GB or 128 GB of internal storage. The device is also rumored to include a 12 MP rear camera and an 8 MP front-facer camera. A 3,450 mAh battery is likely to be used to power the smartphone. Google Nexus Sailfish The Google Nexus Sailfish is speculated to arrive with a 5-inch FHD 1080p display and get the energy from a Snapdragon 820 SoC paired with 4 GB of RAM and 16 GB or 32 GB of native memory capacity. Running on Android Nougat, it will arrive with a 12 MP rear camera supporting 4K video recording, and an 8 MP front-facer with support for QHD video recording. Nokia Android Phone As per the ongoing rumors, the Nokia Android smartphone, Nokia P1, will arrive with a 5.2-inch display that sports QHD 1080p display. It will have the IP68 certification that makes it dust and water resistant and equip a Snapdragon 820 processor under its hood. It will arrive with the latest Android 7.0 Nougat OS as well. The rumors suggest that there will be a 22.6 MP camera at its back, but we are yet to see what the device will arrive with. LG V20 We can expect to see a 5.7-inch QHD 1440p display on the LG V20 and it is believed to feature a quad-core processor paired with Adreno 530 GPU and 4 GB of RAM. It is rumored to arrive with a dual camera setup at its front and a 21 MP rear-facing camera. The upcoming LG phone is expected to be preloaded with Android 7.0 Nougat. Stay tuned to GizBot for more updates! Read More About apple | xiaomi | google | Nexus | nokia | lg | smartphones | mobiles | news | android | iOS Other articles published on Aug 6, 2016 Please Wait while comments are loading... Lenovo K6 Power with massive 4,000mAh battery coming to India How to Spot a Fake iPhone [9 Quick Tricks] Moto Z Gets Android 7.0 Nougat: 5 Interesting Things You Can Do After the Update in India Featured Posts RECOMMENDEDEDITOR'S PICK ASUS launches Zenbook 3 ultrabook in India 13th World Robot Olympiad in India for the first time Paytm Now Lets You Use Credit or Debit Card to Pay Shopkeeper Google Releases Android 7.1 Developer Preview 2 for Nexus Devices WhatsApp Rolls Out Video Streaming Feature Letting Users Save Data Buy Google Pixel from Flipkart and Grab a Whopping Rs. 33,000 Discount Airtel Successfully Acquired Aircel’s 4G Spectrum in 8 Circles Reliance Jio Lets You Get Change For Rs. 2,000, Shop Cashless Reliance Jio Scam: FAKE Bill Urges User to Pay Rs. 27,000 Will Reliance Jio Announce Welcome Offer 2 on December 28? Opinion Poll 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers latest mobiles And Tablets Panasonic Eluga Mark 2 HTC 10 evo Zopo Color C1 ZP331 Intex Ultra 2400 Zopo Color C ZP330 Zopo Color C3 Intex Mega 2400 Xiaomi Mi Mix Nano Micromax Canvas Tab P290 iBall Slide Brace X1 4G iBall Slide Brace X1 Mini iBall Slide Brace X1 Asus Zenpad C 7.0 Z170CG Acer Iconia One 7 B1 740 Swipe Slate 8 iBall Slide DD-1GB popular mobile And Tablet Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Redmi 3S Prime Samsung Galaxy Note 7 LeEco Le 2 Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Lenovo Vibe K5 Note Samsung Galaxy J7 (2016) Samsung Galaxy A7 (2016) BlackBerry PlayBook (32GB) Apple iPad 2 Wi-Fi 16GB Sony Xperia Tablet Z LTE Samsung P1000 Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 10.1 P5100 Samsung Google Nexus 10 P8110 (16GB) Apple iPad mini Wi-Fi + Cellular 16GB BlackBerry PlayBook (16GB) X SUBSCRIBE GIZBOT NEWSLETTER Get Latest Technology News From India And Around The World Into Your Inbox Do not Disturb Browse by Category | News | Gadget Finder | Videos | Photos | Features | How To | Mobile | Tablet | Computer | Laptop | Gear | Gadgets Social Followers 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers Sign Up Newsletter Sign up for our daily Newsletter Latest in Mobiles Intex Mega 2400Philips E105Lenovo Phab 2 PlusAsus ZenFone 3 Max ZC520TLPanasonic P71Intex Aqua Power MMicromax X940Videocon Graphite2 V45GDSamsung Galaxy On NxtLYF F1 PlusIntex Aqua Pro 4GVideocon Krypton2 V50GIInFocus F130InFocus F115Swipe Elite 2 Plus Apps | RSS Feeds | Facebook | Twitter | Google Plus | Newsletters | Media | Sitemap | Feedback | Advertise with us | Careers | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd.| Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. IndiatimesThe Times of IndiaThe Economic TimesMore More Sign In / Sign Up Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus Linked In RSS YouTube Internet Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Tech Hardware Software Internet ITeS Do Big Stories You are here: ET Home›Tech›Internet 04:05 PM | 23 Novmarket stats SENSEX 26,05291.03 NIFTY 50 8,03331.00 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,824-315.00 USD/INR 68.560.31 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - Hindi GUJ - Gujarati MAR - Marathi BEN - Bengali KAN - Kannada ORI - Oriya TEL - Telugu TAM - Tamil Sensex ends 91 points higher, Nifty50 at 8,033 Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW IBM unveils MobileFirst for iOS Garage in India By PTI | Updated: Aug 06, 2016, 03.17 PM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » MobileFirst | IOS | India | IBM | DevOps | development hub | Bengaluru RELATED VIDEO IBM, Apple unveil iOS Garage in Bengaluru BENGALURU: IBM today unveiled a new enterprise mobility platform IBM MobileFirst for iOS Garage in India and plans to open satellite centres in many other countries including Brazil, China and Romania. IBM MobileFirst is a platform for building mobile apps for the enterprise. The Garage is dedicated to enable clients to complete digital mobility projects as quickly as possible and will tap into the world's largest concentration of Swift developers, IBM design and iOS device expertise and consulting services, Mahmoud Naghshineh, GM, Apple partnership,IBM, told reporters. "It will serve as a global development hub for iOS apps and work with existing design locations in Atlanta, Chicago, Cupertino and Toronto," he said. IBM also plans to open satellite centres in Brazil, Romania and many other countries, Naghshineh said, adding the company has already started the work in this regard in China. "We already have started in China. For sure, we want to be close to our clients in Latin America. In Europe, we already have many clients and want to build garage capability there. You definitely want to see us covering the world map," he said. IBM also announced Mobile at Scale for iOS, a new offering specifically for clients looking to invest in digital transformation projects that include more than three iOS apps over a multi-year period. Naghshineh said the partnership with Apple is focused on enterprises and professionals, and at the same time the company delivers solutions for its clients across the board. "Of course our partnership here is focused on enterprises and on professionals. At the same time, we deliver solutions for our clients across the board. So, when you get into a specific industry, we have a suite of apps that serves the industry," he said. IBM partnered with Apple in July 2014 to transform enterprise mobility through a new class of 'made for business' apps, bringing IBM's big data and analytics capabilities to Apple devices in the enterprise, Naghshineh said. Till date, IBM has developed over 100 apps across 15 industries and delivered nearly 2,000 client engagements, he added. The Garage will extend the design, development and delivery skills gained from IBM's partnership with Apple to serve a broader set of global clients, Naghshineh said. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! DON'T MISSany stories, follow ET Tech on TwitterFollow FROM AROUND THE WEB Crowdfunding in India’s booming property market Smartowner Monica Lewinsky Reveals Who She Voted For, And It's Not Wh.. Tomorrowoman Watch: Fighting Cancer with the Immune System Dana-Farber Cancer Institute MORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Donald Trump is 'just the president', says Edward Snowden Corporate & Industry Copper rises 20% in one month, may pare gains soon From Around the Web More from The Economic Times Officers Found This Dog Cowering Alone In The Everglades. .. Scribol The Time is Now. Are You Ready for DevOps? Microsoft This Article Will Change The Way You Buy Glasses Forever GlassesUSA.com Longevity Scientists Explain What They Believe Is Key To H.. Fast Company | Elysium Health Swiss Banks to share info on Indian A/C holders Arsenal seek win to kick costly runners-up habit First Hindu Congresswoman, a Democrat, meets Donald Trump Demonetisation, a blunder in every imaginable way READ MORE ON » MobileFirst | IOS | India | IBM | DevOps | development hub | Bengaluru Follow this section for latest news on Internet EmailRSS To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Reliance Communications unveils Rs 149 bucket plan offering unlimited voice calls with 300 MB of data 50 per cent of IT companies will lose part of their work: Digital automation may take bulk of deals Demonetisation drive to benefit IT industry most: Nasscom To avoid being harassed online, you need to protect your identity: Report US cos may delay IT budgets, wait for clarity from Trump: Infy More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebBudget 2017|Sensex, Nifty Live Blog Gold Rate|US Presidential Elections Live Updates Festival Guide 2016|​Google expected to unveil Pixel smartphones Live: India's surgical strikes on PoK Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2016 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 'SUPER-CYCLE': The evidence that iPhone 7 is going to be massive Jim Edwards Aug. 6, 2016, 6:36 AM 22,657 facebook linkedin twitter email print She needs an upgrade. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson The media and the analysts think they have got iPhone 7 all figured out. Because the new device — due in September — is not going to offer dramatic improvements to iPhone 6s, its sales will be modest. But BMO Capital Markets analyst Tim Long and his team have another theory. iPhone 7 is going to be huge, they say, because when September arrives Apple will have the largest ever installed base of existing iPhones that are more than two years old. Here are Long's charts, making that case. This charts breaks down the percentage of people who upgrade their phones into the new model, based on how old their current phone is. Only 17% of "next-gen" users immediately get the new phone. The sweet spot is users with "next-gen+1" phones and older, ie phones that are two years older or more. 82% of iPhone upgraders have phones that are two years old or more: BMO Capital Markets Here is the current breakdown of all existing iPhone users. The bulk of them are on phones more than two years old: BMO Capital Markets Here is that data with the older phones represented as a percentage of the whole: BMO Capital Markets Long recently published data using these estimates for upgraders as a percentage of new iPhone sales. The percentage of users due for a new phone is even larger now than it was for iPhone 6, Apple's most successful phone: Percentage of installed iPhone base that is 2+ years old iPhone 6 September 2014: 23% iPhone 6s September 2015: 19% iPhone 7 September 2016: 26% And the same data again, but this time in terms of the total number of phones: BMO Capital Markets "We believe the set-up into the iPhone 7 is positive, with a current subscriber base of about 650 million, and 26% of the first-hand owner base holding phones that are at least two years old," Long wrote in a recent note. Twenty-six percent of 650 million iPhones is 169 million phones which are two-plus years old. In terms of the portion of those who will then upgrade, "this translates to about 120 million phones. As a result, we believe the device will drive an improved replacement rate even if it has lackluster features," Long wrote in May. Since Apple reported its June quarter numbers, his estimate has changed only slightly. Will he be right? Timothy Arcuri and his team of analysts at Cowen & Co. have made a similar case, that we're heading into an iPhone 7 "super-cycle" that will dwarf the one we saw for iPhone 6 in 2014. NOW WATCH: How to choose the best cut of steak — according to Anthony Bourdain Loading video... More: Apple iPhone 7 facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru 'SUPER-CYCLE': The evidence that iPhone 7 is going to be massive 'SUPER-CYCLE': The evidence that iPhone 7 is going to be massive The media and the analysts think they have got... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple more Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan How to charge up your smartphone using a friend's smartphone Here's how to make a cable that allows you to recharge your smartphone's battery from almost any other charged device. Never let your devices go flat again! By Adrian Kingsley-Hughes for Hardware 2.0 | August 6, 2016 -- 10:11 GMT (03:11 PDT) | Topic: Mobility Picture this scenario. The battery in your smartphone (doesn't matter if it's Android or iPhone) is well in the red and close to giving up the ghost, while your friend, who is clearly more prepared than you, is sporting a full-charged smartphone. See also: Here's why Apple doesn't care about updating Macs Here's how you can jump start a flat smartphone from any other smartphone (or, for that matter, any tablet). All you need to do is make a simple modification to an old micro-USB cable, and you can recharge almost any micro-USB device from any other device. Here's how you can make yourself one of these cables. You need to be handy with a soldering iron, but that's a skill well worth taking the time to learn. Now, this cable works with most devices that have a micro-USB port (so you're not limited to smartphones), but if you want to make it work with Apple's Lightning port, you need to make one modification. The details of how to do that are here, but the highlights are that during the soldering process, you will also need to connect pin 2 to pin 2 and pin 3 to pin 3 (this won't prevent your cable working with regular micro-USB devices), and you will also need a micro-USB to Lightning adapter. You need never have a flat battery again! 50 must-have Google Chrome extensions (and... SEE FULL GALLERY 1 - 5 of 51 NEXT PREV See also: Looking to build or upgrade a PC? Here are the best hardware components Windows 10 Anniversary Update gives OEMs the chance to jump-start PC sales Transform Google Chrome into the ultimate browsing tool Here's how to quickly and simply update all your Apple devices Acronis Backup 12 offers 'world's easiest and fastest backup' Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Laptops Lenovo ThinkPad 13 review: A tough and affordable ultraportable workhorse Apple There's no going back now: Two months with iPhone 7 Plus Mobility Windows 10 Surface Pro challenger Eve V sells out in 3 hours, starting at $699 Mobility Google Maps: Now it shows crowds in real time to help you dodge Black Friday hordes × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
null
Devour.com Uncrate.com Rookie.com Gallivant.com Devour Latest Popular Leftovers Channels Playlist Random Search Enlist App Menu Apple Campus 2 Flyover You've probably heard that Apple is building a massive spaceship in Cupertino, California. The $5 billion headquarters will house 13,000 employees and span 2,800,000 square feet, containing an underground auditorium, 100,000 square foot wellness center, and seven cafes. Outside, the 176-acre lot will be surrounded by a man-made forest, while a 30 acre inner courtyard will include a pond and an assortment of fruit trees. Although the facility isn't due to open until early 2017, Matthew Roberts takes you on an early drone tour of the impressive Apple Campus 2 site. Like / 0 Tweet / 0 Devour / 0 REMOVE / 0 Tattoo Robot After turning a 3D printer into a tattoo artist, Pierre Emm and Johan da Silveir took their project... The Search for Earth Proxima There are an astounding number of planets in the universe — but only one known planet capable of... Featured Gear Mott & Bow Jeans Most guys dread the thought of clothes shopping, and dread the thought of having to try clothes on at a store even more. With Mott & Bow, you can say goodbye to that painful process, and still get a well designed, great fitting pair of premium jeans. Mott & Bow not only sources their denim from some of the best mills around the world, but they also will ship you two waist sizes — at no extra charge — to make sure you get the right fit. And they even own their own manufacturing facility, eliminating the middle man and providing some of the most affordable premium denim on the market. Finally, you can afford premium denim that actually fits without an awkward trip to a department store. Plus everything on their site is up to 30% off this whole week for Black Friday. Presented by Mott & Bow. Buy from Mott & Bow / $96+ Share Stash REMOVE Death From Space In our daily lives we might worry about getting into a car crash or having a heart attack,... First Phonographic Record Played In Space Jack White's label Third Man Records is entering its seventh year. To celebrate, their playing the first record... Copyright © MMXV Uncrate, LLC / About Contact Advertise Privacy Terms
Demonetisation News | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer More... ScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Demonetisation News How technology is changing business Plain Facts Home » Companies Last Modified: Mon, Aug 08 2016. 01 54 AM IST Apple said to buy artificial intelligence startup Turi for about $200 million Apple’s move is part of a battle among Google, Facebook and Amazon to gain an edge in AI, particularly in pervasive computing where software tries to automatically infer what people want Subscribe to our newsletter. To continue reading, we request you to support us by disabling your Ad Blocker OR by signing up In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us to ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. To learn how to disable your Ad Blocker, please click here x Steps to disable Ad Blocker on your browser In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. From our end, we will aim to show clean and unobtrusive ads to provide you with a great browsing experience. Please follow the steps below, and once done, please refresh your page. Google Chrome Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear with a check mark followed by Enabled on this site Click the button to until the text reads Disabled on this site Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Using Chrome adblock extension Click on the hand icon for adblock extension, on the top right corner of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Don't run on pages on this domain option on the drop down Once clicked a settings popup will appear. Click Exclude Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Firefox Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disabled on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access Times of India Firefox "Private Window" runs its own version of adblock. You will receive an adblock detection screen on private window, even if you are not running any adblock plugins. In this case, you will need to open LiveMint.com on your standard Firefox window. Safari Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable. Return to your Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Internet Explorer Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the bottom right hand side of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disable on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com iOS 9 and above Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable Return to the Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Please refresh your page, once Ad Blocker is disabled OR To sign up, please click here x Sign Up Email: First Name: Last Name: Mark GurmanSarah McBride Apple acquires artificial intelligence startup Turi to accumulate advanced computing capabilities for its products and services. Photo: AFP San Francisco: Apple Inc. acquired artificial intelligence startup Turi Inc. for about $200 million, according to people familiar with the situation, in the latest deal by the iPhone maker to accumulate advanced computing capabilities for its products and services. Turi helps developers create and manage software and services that use a form of artificial intelligence (AI) called machine learning. It also has systems that let companies to build recommendation engines, detect fraud, analyze customer usage patterns and better target potential users, according to the Seattle-based startup’s website. Apple could use this to more rapidly integrate the technology with future products. Apple’s move Friday is part of a broader battle among Google, Facebook Inc. and Amazon.com Inc. to gain an edge in AI, particularly in the field known as pervasive computing, where software tries to automatically infer what people want, one of the people said. Turi’s technology could feed into Apple’s Siri digital assistant, the person added, and help define new ways computers interact with people. “Apple buys smaller technology companies from time to time, and we generally do not discuss our purpose or plans,” Apple said in a statement. GeekWire earlier reported the acquisition. Apple sees its Turi acquisition as a way to better tap into the growing community of AI researchers, said a person familiar with the deal. Apple has been criticized by researchers for being too secretive about its AI work. In contrast, Turi held a two-day machine-learning conference in July in San Francisco for data scientists and academics. Formerly known as Dato, Turi raised more than $25 million from venture capital investors including New Enterprise Associates and Madrona Venture Group, according to CrunchBase. Turi couldn’t be reached for comment on the deal. The Turi team will remain in Seattle, one of the people familiar with the situation said. Apple has purchased multiple firms over the past couple of years that specialize in artificial intelligence. The company has also begun to integrate these technologies into products such as its iPhone software and Siri. In January, Apple acquired Emotient, a startup that uses AI to recognize and act upon facial expressions. Last year, Apple acquired a pair of voice-centric AI startups, VocalIQ and Perceptio, to bolster Siri. VocalIQ specialized in using machine learning to allow voice assistants to engage in more realistic conversation. Perceptio focused on helping AI systems run on devices while sharing limited amounts of personal user data. Machine learning and AI help computers automatically understand images, videos, and spoken words. The technologies also allow systems to take actions or make recommendations on such data. Apple has already begun to show the fruits of its AI investments via better keyword recognition by Siri across multiple product lines. Apple will release a new version of its photo-management program for iPhones and iPads that uses AI to recognize objects in photos. For example, a user will be able to search for “sushi” and photographs of the food will appear. Apple will also bring machine learning capabilities to its iMessage application by adding a feature this fall that translates words in texts into emoji icons. Bloomberg Mark GurmanSarah McBride Topics: AppleTuri IncArtificial IntelligenceAcquisitionPervasive Computing More from this Section Lok Capital targets 5-6 investments in FY17 Infosys to invest Rs31.6 crore in Stellaris Venture Partners Umang Bedi’s first 100 days at Facebook India Tata Motors calls EGM to remove Mistry, Nusli Wadia as directors Mistry’s comments on proposal to sell TCS to IBM incorrect: F.C. Kohli Editor's Picks New income tax rules to curb unaccounted cash The richest 1% of Indians now own 58.4% of wealth Reliance Jio fails to hit subscriber base of Airtel, Idea, Vodafone: analysts Tracking demonetisation: Our reading list India may gain from Donald Trump’s TPP pullout threat First Published: Sat, Aug 06 2016. 01 09 PM IST Latest News Currency reform: A political gamble Sartaj Aziz to visit India in December for Heart of Asia conference Lok Capital targets 5-6 investments in FY17 Editor's Picks New income tax rules to curb unaccounted cash The richest 1% of Indians now own 58.4% of wealth Reliance Jio fails to hit subscriber base of Airtel, Idea, Vodafone: analysts Latest News Currency reform: A political gamble Sartaj Aziz to visit India in December for Heart of Asia conference Lok Capital targets 5-6 investments in FY17 Narendra Modi could have done with more emotions Jute workers to get paid via bank transfer Mint On Sunday The dilemma of Draupadī’s disrobing The prodigals return to Neroca US elections: How slogans can make or break a candidate Now, the crowd can bankroll your research How to maximize judicial time Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2016 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Share on Skype (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading..." /> Edition: International | About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use News Release Article Submission Saturday 22 October, 2016 Breaking News > Cricket, Latest Stories, Sports India accept DRS for England test series... Trending Topics: Panama papers - -Assembly polls in WB & Assam - -West Indies T20 champion dance India accept DRS for England test series Starbucks plans to double stores in China in 5 years India court orders BCCI to enact clean-up panel's advice Cuba freezes new licenses for private restaurants in Havana Hyundai recalls midsize cars; sunroofs can fly into traffic Business World INDIA Delhi/NCR Sports Football Hockey Cricket Politics Entertainment Environment Technology space Health Op – eds Home Latest Stories Art & Lifestyle Food & Drinks Spirituality Travel Videos Press Release E- PAPER Published On: Sat, Aug 6th, 2016 Latest Stories / Technology | By New Delhi Times Bureau Apple to pay big bounties for hackers who report bugs in their software Share This Tags After resisting paying out hackers for reporting bug, Apple Inc has announced that they will start paying hackers who report vulnerabilities in its products. With its new “security bounty,” the company joins a growing list of technology companies that pay cash for valuable security information. Microsoft Corp Google parent Alphabet Inc. and Facebook Inc. paid out millions of dollars in bug bounties over the past few years. “It’s getting increasingly difficult to find some of those most critical types of security vulnerabilities,” said Ivan Krstic, Apple’s head of security engineering and architecture, speaking at the Black Hat security conference in Las Vegas. “The Apple security-bounty program is going to reward researchers who actually share critical vulnerabilities with Apple.” The company said it would pay up to $200,000 for the most severe bugs. “We believe that these payment amounts are commensurate with the level of difficulty in attacking some of these systems,” Mr. Krstic said. Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Share on Skype (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related About the Author New Delhi Times Bureau - Related News India accept DRS for England test series Starbucks plans to double stores in China in 5 years India court orders BCCI to enact clean-up panel’s advice Cuba freezes new licenses for private restaurants in Havana Leave a comment Click here to cancel reply. You must be Logged in to post comment. Tweet Pin It New Delhi Times A-2/59 Safdarjung Enclave New Delhi 110029, INDIA +91 11 26102520 info@newdelhitimes.com Top Posts & Pages Article Submission Competition for Jio: Airtel offers free data for three months Surgical strikes reveal India’s space prowess; Indian armed forces are really proud of ISRO Subscribe Enter your email address Email Address Copyright © New Delhi Times , All Rights Reserved 2016, info@newdelhitimes.com Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Let’s Talk iOS 162: Staying out of the gravy trouble Best Mac Bundle: save up to 90% on Parallels, 1Password, TextExpander +... Black and white wallpapers for macOS and iOS Jailbreak tweaks of the week: ClearClockView, PullOver, & more…   skip to main content skip to main menu     AppDelete prevents you from accidentally deleting iOS apps By Anthony Bouchard, Aug 6, 2016 Tweet 11 Comments Those of you who are familiar with the new iOS 9.3.3 jailbreak that was just recently patched by Apple in the iOS 9.3.4 release know that the jailbreak installs an app on your Home screen that is easily deleted if you’re not careful. A new free jailbreak tweak called AppDelete helps prevent you from accidentally deleting apps from your Home screen, including but not limited to the Pangu app. Preventing accidental app deletions in iOS AppDelete is actually a pretty convenient little tweak, because it prevents you from accidentally deleting apps that you don’t really want to delete. It happens from time to time, you might have your mind somewhere else while you’re doing a little spring cleaning, and you delete an app you didn’t mean to delete, which means you have to re-download it. For most apps, this isn’t a problem because the App Store is just a launch away, but for the Pangu jailbreak app, this means re-connecting to a computer and re-side-loading the app again because you deleted it, which isn’t always a convenient thing to do. AppDelete can not only be used to prevent App Store-downloaded apps from being deleted, but you can also use it for the Pangu app. As shown above, when the tweak is configured to prevent an app from being deleted, the ‘X’ button won’t even appear when you enter ‘jiggle’ mode on your device. Configuring the tweak After you install AppDelete, you can go into the preferences pane from the Settings app. When you open the Applications cell, you’re presented with a list of all of the user-installed apps on your device. By default, they’re all turned off, and this means they can all be deleted from the Home screen by entering ‘jiggle’ mode. On the other hand, if you turn any of the apps to the on position, the tweak will prevent those apps from ever being deleted while you’re in ‘jiggle’ mode. The changes you make here happen on the fly, so there’s no reason to respring your device every time you change the settings. My thoughts on AppDelete I think that AppDelete is a must-have for those with the iOS 9.3.3 jailbreak, because it helps keep you from making the silly mistake of deleting the Pangu jailbreak app, which is an essential tool to booting semi-untethered after every reboot. If you don’t have the Pangu app because you accidentally deleted it, you will be unable to boot semi-untethered again until after you re-side-load the app from your computer with Cydia Impactor. This tweak is cheap insurance for that, but keep in mind that the tweak can also be used for other third-party apps that you download from the App Store, which means you can also protect those larger apps on your device that would take forever to download again if you accidentally deleted any of them. Even if you’re not that clumsy, if someone else picks up your device, this tweak prevents that person from deleting your important apps as well. Wrapping up If you’re clumsy, AppDelete might be a good tweak to have just so you can prevent yourself from deleting any of your apps by mistake. The tweak is available for free in Cydia’s BigBoss repository and works with all jailbroken iOS 9 devices. What are your thoughts on using a tweak like AppDelete to prevent accidental uninstallations of apps like Pangu? Share below! Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend 3DColorChanger will let you choose the color of your 3D Touch menus AppRestrict lets you stay productive by putting time limits on your apps Iconizer: the ultimate Home screen app icon effects tweak? Set up a custom Home screen layout with Genous Related Topics Apps, Cydia, Home screen, iOS, iOS 9, Jailbreak, Jailbreak Apps & Tweaks, Pangu, Review somaxd do people exist who accidentally delete apps? never in the history of owning an iphone since the iphone 3g, have i accidentally deleted an app… but i guess if you have sausage fingers… this is good? Leslie B Well then, give yourself a big pat on the back and an atta boy, Mr. Perfect. Anthony Bouchard I don’t get your point, other than to call people who make accidents stupid. For the record, there were a lot of reports of people accidentally deleting the Pangu app on /r/jailbreak the day of release for the jailbreak. somaxd Yeah, accidentally they deleted it on purpose thinking they didnt need it after the jailbreak… Its very different from accidentally pressing the x in jiggle mode. Anthony Bouchard No it isn’t different, because jiggle mode is exactly how they deleted it, on accident. somaxd No, the accident was that they purposefully deleted it thinking they didnt need it. They didnt accidentally hit the x… They purposefully hit the x. Jayy What Bill said. Bill Yup. One would need to accidentally activate jiggle mode, then accidentally press the x, then accidentally press delete on the popup that appears asking if you’re sure you want to delete the app. Bill Yup. One would need to accidentally activate jiggle mode, then accidentally press the x to delete, then accidentally confirm deletion via the popup that stock iOS already activates before an app would be deleted. I don’t know why my comment was deleted the first time I said this. I don’t remember saying anything against any rules. Maybe someone just really hated that I said the truth and it caused them some little microaggression. I dunno. Cheers. Timothy How is this better than the native Restrictions setting to disable app deletion? edit: oh, I see, you can select specific apps to protect, not just all of them Ray Junior come on @anthonybouchard:disqus – seriously… the most important phrase in the entire article is this: “…if you turn any of the apps to the on position, the tweak will prevent those apps from ever being deleted while you’re in ‘jiggle’ mode.” and it’s buried/sandwiched among endless paragraphs of useless, 8th grade level writing. You need to open your articles with what it does AND HOW it does it so we can decide more quickly if the article is of use to us.   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines President-elect Trump promises tax incentives for Apple to build “Made in USA” iPhones Apple could slash prices of next year’s 4.7″ and 5.5″ iPhones with legacy LCD technology iPhone 8 to hit mass production late in the third quarter of 2017 KGI: iPhone 8 will have all glass casing to support wireless charging Nomad’s new Lightning cables cross durability with function   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: ClearClockView, PullOver, & more… PullOver lets you pin an app to your screen for easier multitasking Jailbreak tweaks of the week: EmojiSuggest, PasswordRecovery, & more… EmojiSuggest brings iOS 10-like emoji suggestions to the predictive keyboard WiJoin lets you know what Wi-Fi network you’re connected to iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2016. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
Home Mail Search News Cricket Movies Lifestyle Celebrity Flickr Mobile Answers More Yahoo Search Search Mail News Home Follow us National World US Elections Finance Cricket Lifestyle Sports Good News Videos Autos Focus on best service and quality for Indian smartphone users: Oppo Rajnish Singh6 August 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Share Mumbai, Aug 6 (IANS) Smartphone maker OPPO -- sometimes called the Apple of China -- does bother with sales figures in India, but focuses instead on "best service and quality with beautifulness", a top company executive has said. According to Sky Li, Vice President, OPPO Mobiles -- which entered India two years back and has seen tremendous growth since -- the company never follows Key Performance Indicators (KPI) -- a measurable way to check how effectively a company is achieving key business objectives. "Providing best service with beautifulness to the customers is our strategy to grab the Indian smartphone market," Li told IANS on the sidelines of the launch of OPPO F1s, a successor to the popular OPPO F1 device, in Mumbai last week. "Being a priority market for OPPO, we understand the Indian consumers' demand for excellent camera quality. OPPO has rich experience in camera technology and has been the industry leader with several accolades and awards to its credit," said Li, who is also the OPPO's Global VP and Managing Director of International Mobile Business and President, OPPO India. The company is carrying this legacy forward and stepping up the selfie revolution by launching the upgraded selfie expert -- F1s -- to share advanced photography technology with an even wider range of users in India and also offer them an outstanding "selfie" experience. According to a latest report from the International Data Corporation (IDC), Chinese smartphone players like Vivo, Xiaomi, Oppo, LeEco and Gionee had a 22 per cent share of smartphone sales in India in the quarter ended March 31. Quality brands and players like Oppo now expect to grow in tier II and tier III cities with their large marketing spends and increasing retail presence, the report added. Speaking about the specifications of F1s, Li said it is an advanced version of the ealier "selfie expert" F1. "F1s takes selfie experience a step further with 16MP front camera, a sophisticated beautification feature and an industry leading 0.22s fingerprint reader. F1s also sports a 5.5-inch screen, an Octa-core processor backed with 3GB RAM, 32GB ROM and 3075mAh battery at an amazing price of Rs 17,990," Li explained. Asked about the "Make in India" initiative, Li said: "We had planned to open two manufacturing units in India, both in Noida (Uttar Pradesh). The first factory has already become functional last month." India is going through a transformation period from feature phones to smartphones. The smartphone user base in India currently stands at 350 million and is expected to rise sharply. Li feels that the "Make in India" initiative has created a strong platform for the smartphone manufacturers like Oppo. "Currently, there are many Indian consumers who are using low-end or less-value devices. The time when these customers will switch over to mid- to high-end segment smartphones is an opportunity for us. We are committed to provide our best products," Li told IANS. (Rajnish Singh can be contacted at rajnish.s@ians.in) --IANS rak/na/sac Reblog Share Tweet Share What to read next India recall fit-again Bhuvneshwar Kumar Reuters INS Chennai – 10 Things You Must Know about the Largest ‘Made-In-India’ Warship of the Indian Navy The Better India Meet India’s Shaolin Warriors who are keeping India’s Ancient Link with the Shaolin Temple Alive! The Better India Here’s What Saif Ali Khan Upto To Welcome Baby Khan! Business of Cinema Looking for cash? These ATM-finding apps and websites may be of some help Scroll Modi government has lost credibility, says Mamata IANS India Private Limited Guess What Happened When Salman & Vivek Landed Up At Shah Rukh's House Together Spotboye Sanjay Dutt's BIOPIC Team- Ranbir, Raju Hirani & Manyata Dutt IANS India Private Limited Don’t Expect PM Modi To Get On To The Back Foot Now; Ganesha Foresees More Key Changes GaneshaSpeaks.com 17 Male Actors Who Had to Totally Change Their Weight for Movies Eat This, Not That! 5 'T's to Remember While Brushing Teeth Before Bedtime Practo Govt scared to allow adjournment motion: Rahul Gandhi IANS India Private Limited Photos: Salman Khan Meets His Onscreen Son After Nine Years On Bigg Boss 10! Business of Cinema Suyyash Rai And Kishwer Merchant's Pre-Wedding Shoot Is Completely Magical Bollywoodshaadis.com Akshay Kumar's Toilet-Ek Prem Katha: Godman declares Rs 1 crore reward for chopping off director's tongue International Business Times Malaika REACTS on her link-up rumor with Arjun Kapoor IANS India Private Limited Help Privacy Suggestions Terms
null
Pocket-lint News Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All News Reviews Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All Reviews Features Deals YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home EE Pocket-lint Awards Build apps for the upcoming iOS 10 with this complete development bundle Pocket-lint Promotion6 August 2016Apps Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment With the release of iOS 10 set for a September launch, the timing has never been better to get ahead of the curve and build apps for the latest big mobile operating system. With more engaging features than ever before, Apple is set to change the game yet again with iOS 10. You can learn to make the apps that the world is hooked on, and get in the door early with The Complete iOS 9 and 10 Development Bundle, now 94 per cent off from Pocket-lint Deals. This fantastic bundle will help you get ahead of the iOS 10 learning curve with two courses by top-rated instructor Rob Percival. Through nearly 60 total hours of video instruction, you’ll develop key skills to maximize the potential of iOS 10. Learn what it takes to build the apps that have taken the world by storm: Tinder, Uber, Snapchat and beyond! Your training will prep you for a myriad of updated iOS 10 features, with deep-dive resources on SiriKit, Messages, and Maps. You’ll learn coding in Swift, Apple's official programming language, and build 18 apps from scratch with Xcode 7 to put your newfound training to use. You’ll utilize watchOS 2 to create a range of engaging apps for Apple Watch, and learn to create incredible games with SpriteKit’s latest evolution. Your bundle also includes over 1,000 design assets (backgrounds, buttons, icons) to use in the apps you create, as well as unlimited web hosting for 1 year to help get your projects off the ground. You’ll also receive a copy of Rob's book, "How to Earn $10,000 While Learning to Code,“ as well as $50 of AWS credit for an added boost. Get ahead of the game with The Complete iOS 9 and 10 Development Bundle, now 94 per cent off from Pocket-lint Deals. Sections Apps Best UK Black Friday and Cyber Monday 2016 deals Netflix 4K now available in Windows 10 but you probably can't get it One day sale: We’re dropping the price even lower on 1 TB of lifetime data storage... Streamza Torrenting adds a layer of security to your downloads (31 per cent... Popular In Apps On Pocket-lint Best UK Black Friday and Cyber Monday 2016 deals Netflix 4K now available in Windows 10 but you probably can't get it One day sale: We’re dropping the price even lower on 1 TB of lifetime data storage with Zoolz Complete Cloud Storage (99 per cent off) Streamza Torrenting adds a layer of security to your downloads (31 per cent off) Instagram begins rolling out Live video Google Play Newsstand is the latest Google app to get a makeover How to watch Amazon Video on your Android phone or tablet Quick! Amazon Prime membership slashed to £59 as a limited offer Accelerate your YouTube channel’s growth with TubeBuddy (93 per cent off) Get the low-down on game development’s hottest tools with the Pay What You Want: 2017 Master Game Development Bundle Amazing Black Friday deal: Grab an Amazon Fire tablet for just £30, Fire TV Stick just £25 Amazon Echo vs Amazon Tap vs Echo Dot: What's the difference? Samsung KS8000 SUHD TV review: Hitting the 4K HDR sweet spot Best Black Friday UK TV deals: 4K, HDR, OLED TVs and more Best UK Black Friday and Cyber Monday 2016 deals Best Black Friday 2016 UK camera deals: DSLR, compact and system camera bargains Which iPhone is best for you? iPhone SE, iPhone 6S, iPhone 7, iPhone 6S Plus or iPhone 7 Plus? Amazon Echo: What can Alexa do and what services are compatible? YouView unveils new faster, cleaner, TV user interface Black Friday UK smartwatch deals: The best smartwatch deals online Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Deals Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2016 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Hot Topics TSLA AAPL Best Stocks for 2016 Trade of the Day Dependable Dividends Best ETFs More Home > Market Insight, Financial Articles > Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech > Thursday Apple Rumors: Possible Working iPhone 7 Appears in Video Apple releases iOS 9.3.4 Aug 4, 2016, 3:30 pm EST  |  By William White, InvestorPlace Writer     Here are your Apple Rumors for today: Update: Apple (AAPL) has released the iOS 9.3.4 update to fix a security bug, reports AppleInsider. The new security update released by the tech company is considered “an important security update” for the iPhone and iPad. It can be downloaded for devices through the Software Update feature or by connecting them to a computer running iTunes. This could be the last update released for iOS 9 as AAPL prepares to launch iOS 10 this fall. Spears: Apple has been granted exclusive streaming rights to Britney Spears’ Glory album, 9to5Mac notes. The album will become available on Apple Music starting on August 26 and is the first released by the singer in three years. It’s unknown just how long the company will hold the exclusive rights to the album. It will also be available on iTunes and preorders start at midnight tonight. Those that preorder will also be able to instantly download Private Show from the singer’s LP. The album will also include the single Make Me. iPhone: What appears to be a video of the first working iPhone 7 has been posted online, reports MacRumors. The device in the video that is claimed to be an iPhone 7 matches up with many of the previous rumors about the smartphone. The owner of it also uses the device’s viewfinder to look at various different objects in the room, which means the camera is working. It also appears that the possible prototype version of the iPhone 7 is running on SwitchBoard, which is the company’s internal testing software. Check out more recent Apple Rumors or Subscribe to Apple Rumors : RSS Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2016/08/apple-rumors-working-iphone-7-aapl/. ©2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Stocks That Wall Street's Smart Money Likes Right Now 7 Feast or Famine Stocks to Buy for Thanksgiving 3 Canadian Stocks to Buy for the New European Trade Deal The 3 Best REITs to Buy Under Trump 3 High-Dividend Stocks for 2017-Plus Apple Stock Is Shrugging Off the Trump Slump Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 10 Stocks the Smart Money Likes Right Now The 3 Best REITs to Buy Under the Trump Presidency 7 Feast or Famine Stocks to Buy for Thanksgiving 3 Canadian Stocks to Buy for the New European Trade Deal 3 High-Dividend Stocks for 2017 and Beyond Most Popular Most Commented The 10 Best S&P 500 Blue-Chip Dividend Stocks to Buy Now 10 Stocks the Smart Money Likes Right Now 10 Small-Cap Stocks That Could Double in 2017 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for 2017 Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Finally Snags SolarCity — Get Ready for the Heartbreak S&P 500: Enjoy a Rare Thanksgiving Bull Feast! Time for Profit Taking on the Dow Jones Industrial Average Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Finally Snags SolarCity — Get Ready for the Heartbreak Is Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) and SolarCity Corp (SCTY) a Bankruptcy in the Making? iShares Russell 2000 Index (ETF) (IWM): Our Year-End Target Poll of the Day View and vote in our How do you think the U.S. economy will do under Donald Trump's presidency? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
null
