Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Travel Football Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News Business Health And Fitness Podcast Immersive Gossip Latest News Compare India Lifestyle World Business Photos Football GIRS Champions Trophy 2017 Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports All Sections LIVE TV Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Travel Football Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News Business Health And Fitness Podcast Immersive Gossip Latest NewsCompare IndiaLifestyleWorldBusinessPhotosFootballGIRSChampions Trophy 2017 Latest News Compare India Lifestyle World Business Photos Football GIRS Champions Trophy 2017 X DON'T SHARE NUISANCE. SHARE NEWS. Be a responsible citizen. Come, pledge to always check and share verified and vetted news. Submit Apple Opens its First Southeast Asia Store in Singapore Bill Seeking H-1B Limits Exemption for US PhD Holders Re-introduced Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Vs Honor 6X: Which One is Better? BMW 7 Series (730Ld) Has All the Tech That You Can Desire in 2017 News18 » Tech 1-min read Apple Opens its First Southeast Asia Store in Singapore AFP Relaxnews Updated: May 27, 2017, 3:06 PM IST Apple has almost 500 stores globally with more than a million visitors daily. (Image Reuters) Apple opened its first Southeast Asia store in Singapore today, drawing hundreds of excited fans to the swanky two-storey site in the city’s upmarket shopping district. Located on the affluent Orchard Road, the new shop –easily distinguished by its iconic glass facade — is expected to be one of the most popular Apple stores in the world according to the US tech giant. Merchandise such as the iPhone and MacBook were strategically placed on display across the spacious first floor, while the upper level acted as a classroom for customers to participate in hands-on sessions. Hundreds of shoppers camped out in anticipation of the launch, while more than a thousand thronged the store soon after the doors opened, an AFP reporter observed. First in the queue was Xiang Jiaxin, a twenty-five-year-old Chinese national working in Macau who had queued for more than 12 hours overnight and planned a holiday to Singapore specially to coincide with the opening. “I am very happy and excited to be part of this. I have participated in the official store openings in Macau, Guangzhou and Nanjing,” he told AFP. Watch video review of Iphone 7 plus Apple, which has a staggering $256.8 billion cash stockpile, celebrated its 40th anniversary last year. The Silicon Valley legend sprang out of Steve Jobs’ garage to reshape modern life with trend-setting gadgets. Most of its earnings come from the iPhone, which faces increasingly tough competition in a saturated market. The tech behemoth has almost 500 stores globally with more than a million visitors daily. Aside from Singapore, its Asia shops are located in Hong Kong, China and Japan. A regional transport, business and financial hub, Singapore attracted 16.4 million visitors last year. Apple apple store Singapore First Southeast Asia Store First Published: May 27, 2017, 3:06 PM IST Read full article Next Story Recommended For You Sachin: A Billion Dreams: It Coasts Along on the Strength of Nostalgia AB De Villiers Angry at 'Ball-Tampering' Inference GM Accused in Lawsuit of Cheating on Diesel Truck Emissions Exclusive: Read Excerpts From Sita: Warrior of Mithila by Amish Tripathi Challenge is to Not Think About Defending Title, Says Virat Kohli About Us Privacy Policy Disclaimer Contact Us Sitemap Complaint Redressal Advertise With Us sections India Lifestyle States Tech Politics Auto Sports iVideos Football Power Circuit Latest News Virtuosity: Vir Sanghvi In Conversation With General Bikram Singh Champions Trophy: Junaid Takes a Dig at Kohli Ahead of Indo-Pak Clash CBSE Results: Beyond BA, BCom and BSc, a World of Interesting Career Options 13-year-old Gets 'Most Likely to Become a Terrorist' Award in US Dangal Surpasses Baahubali 2 to Become Highest Grossing Indian Film Watch LIVE From Network18 News18 India CricketNext News18 States Pradesh18 Bangla News Gujarati News Urdu News Marathi News Topper Moneycontrol Firstpost CompareIndia History India MTV India In.com Burrp E-Learning Franchise Opportunity CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2016 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP, displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of NEWS18.com does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved.
Sunday, May 28, 2017 Oman Observer Home Top stories Local World Region Asia India Europe America Business Oman Motor Technology Market Sports Oman Sport Football Cricket Golf Tennis Features Books Entertainment Lifestyle People Spotlight Arts Travel Magazines Weekend National Day 45 Mazoon Duqm The Vision Oman Logistics Aqar Oman Opal Magazine More Main Analysis My Voice Blogs Weekend Health Environment Technology Culture Saturday Editor's choice Gourmet Cartoon Ask your doctor WILDLIFE Auto Videos Archive 2016 2015 E PAPER Business  Apple opens first official store in SE Asia 27/05/2017 Oman Observer SINGAPORE: Apple opened its first Southeast Asia store in Singapore on Saturday, drawing hundreds of excited fans to the swanky two-storey site in the city’s upmarket shopping district. Located on the affluent Orchard Road, the new shop — easily distinguished by its iconic glass facade — is expected to be one of the most popular Apple stores in the world according to the US tech giant. Merchandise such as the iPhone and MacBook were strategically placed on display across the spacious first floor, while the upper level acted as a classroom for customers to participate in hands-on sessions. Hundreds of shoppers camped out in anticipation of the launch, while more than a thousand thronged the store soon after the doors opened, a reporter observed. First in the queue was Xiang Jiaxin, a twenty-five-year-old Chinese national working in Macau who had queued for more than 12 hours overnight and planned a holiday to Singapore specially to coincide with the opening. “I am very happy and excited to be part of this. I have participated in the official store openings in Macau, Guangzhou and Nanjing,” he said. Apple, which has a staggering $256.8 billion cash stockpile, celebrated its 40th anniversary last year. The Silicon Valley legend sprang out of Steve Jobs’ garage to reshape modern life with trend-setting gadgets. Most of its earnings come from the iPhone, which faces increasingly tough competition in a saturated market. The tech behemoth has almost 500 stores globally with more than a million visitors daily. — AFP Related ← Previous Crisis hit-JBS may reduce Brazil meat supplies China’s COFCO overhauls Brazil business after accounting crisis Next → You May Also Like Oil prices rise in anticipation of extended Opec-led cut 25/05/2017 Oman Observer Comments Off on Oil prices rise in anticipation of extended Opec-led cut Pact inked for Block 48 31/01/2017 Oman Observer Comments Off on Pact inked for Block 48 SA telecom giant MTN posts first ever loss 02/03/2017 Oman Observer Comments Off on SA telecom giant MTN posts first ever loss Latest News His Majesty greets leaders 27/05/2017 Oman Observer Comments Off on His Majesty greets leaders 27/05/2017 Oman Observer Comments Off on Focus on food security 27/05/2017 Oman Observer Comments Off on Focus on food security SQU implements operational risk management framework 27/05/2017 Oman Observer Comments Off on SQU implements operational risk management framework Agent held for sale of expired dairy products 27/05/2017 Oman Observer Comments Off on Agent held for sale of expired dairy products Crude price likely to touch $60 27/05/2017 Oman Observer Comments Off on Crude price likely to touch $60 Facebook Instagram Load More... Follow on Instagram Editor’s Choice Editor's choice  Scientists link higher dementia risk to living near heavy traffic 05/01/2017 Oman Observer Comments Off on Scientists link higher dementia risk to living near heavy traffic Editor's choice Uncategorized  Rahma Haruna: Life revolved around a plastic basin 04/01/2017 Oman Observer Comments Off on Rahma Haruna: Life revolved around a plastic basin CARTOONView All Cartoon  Cartoon  Cartoon  Cartoon  Cartoon  BooksView All Books Features Weekend  Why Steve Jobs didn’t let his kids use iPads 26/05/2017 Oman Observer Comments Off on Why Steve Jobs didn’t let his kids use iPads Books Entertainment Weekend  Of the chilling cases from Baker Street 28/04/2017 Oman Observer Comments Off on Of the chilling cases from Baker Street Books Local Main  Fair fares better than last year 03/03/2017 Vinod Nair Comments Off on Fair fares better than last year Books Local  Book fair not just about books but for knowledge 23/02/2017 Lakshmi Kothaneth Comments Off on Book fair not just about books but for knowledge Sections: Local World Sports Business Features Head stories 2017 © All right reserved for Oman Establishment for Press, Publication and Advertising (OEPPA) Multimedia Youtube Facebook Twitter Instagram Whatsapp Services Subscribe Advertisements Contact Us PO Box: 947 Code: 100 Muscat +968 24 64 94 80 editor@omanobserver.om
Top Menu About us Advertise Subscribe Family Contact us Navigation Home Primary Menu Home Local News Entertainment Sport Opinion Editorial Standard Style MyClassifieds Return to Content You are here: Home › Business › Uproar over chrome prices Uproar over chrome prices May 28, 2017 in Business Small-scale chrome miners are complaining about the pricing structure adopted by the Mineral Marketing Corporation of Zimbabwe (MMCZ) and Apple Bridge Investments, which they say is chasing away buyers and literally sabotaging exports. BY MTHANDAZO NYONI Walter Chidhakwa The government has, through Apple Bridge Investment – a special purpose vehicle established to facilitate chrome ore exports – set prices at which it buys the mineral from local producers. Locally, chrome prices vary from $40 to $80 per tonne for lumpy chrome, depending on the grade, while chrome concentrates attract $84 a tonne. On the export market, Zimbabwe’s chrome attracts between $80 and $100 per tonne for concentrates. According to a position paper prepared by the Confederation of Zimbabwe Small Scale Chrome Miners (CZSSCM) member, Lindiwe Mpofu, the pricing structure should be aligned with global chrome ore market prices. “The pricing structure is harmful and halting export sales. We are requesting under the mandate that CZSSCM has to harmonise with MMCZ/Apple Bridge that an immediate review be conducted and moving forward, the uniform price must be aligned with global chrome ore market prices,” reads part of the paper. The paper indicates that over the past year and a half, the MMCZ/Apple Bridge arrangement has deterred international buyers due to the pricing being largely out of sync with the market. “Evidence is shown by the shockingly low number of export buyers in Zimbabwe. “This has ultimately led to the under capitalisation of small-scale miners as we are unable to execute consistent sales as the market avoids doing business in Zimbabwe due to extremely high pricing,” it reads in part. “A clear example is the current situation where global chrome prices have greatly fallen since December 2016. Despite the price drop, MMCZ/Apple Bridge continues to hold a uniform price that is far higher than the market price. “Currently, MMCZ has decided to hold prices at levels that far exceed the market prices. This has caused a halt to international trade with Zimbabwe”. For example, Mpofu said 44% chrome was priced at $175 per tonne at the mine while current trade prices of the same grade delivered to China averaged $200 per tonne. This means that a buyer is expected to deliver the chrome to a smelter in China for $25 per tonne. “The expectation by MMCZ/Apple Bridge is that all costs, including margin, are to be placed in the $25 dollar allowance,” she said. “This is not possible. $25 cannot even cover the cost of transport out of Zimbabwe, which averages $60 to $70 per tonne. “One of the causes of the high prices by MMCZ/Apple Bridge is that they have relied on chrome trading spot prices as a guide for Zimbabwe chrome prices.” Mpofu said the spot prices used related to chrome being delivered to China CIF with all costs including distributor margins required to get the chrome to the Chinese port. Mpofu said MMCZ/Apple Bridge pricing does not take into consideration the distribution costs, including margins required to deliver the chrome to Chinese ports. “Based on this pricing structure, it appears that there is an expectation by MMCZ/Apple Bridge to have only end users such as international smelters and manufacturers buy directly from Zimbabwe as they have excluded the distributor’s costs [buying houses and traders] from their price planning,” she said. The chrome client base is buying houses and minerals traders. End users such as smelters and manufacturers buy from buying houses and traders because they are the ones equipped to manage supply, reserves and quality, she said. “The market relies on traders and buying houses to efficiently distribute the supply of chrome globally. “Pricing chrome as though these important distributors of chrome do not exist has halted chrome sales in Zimbabwe. The pricing structure currently does not take into consideration the buyer’s costs or the types of buyers in the global marketplace,” Mpofu wrote. To further stress the importance of buying houses and traders, she said these distributors typically buy from multiple sources ensuring supplies in excess of the 100 000 tonne range. “These are the quantities necessary to ensure international smelters do not shut down and that there is no interruption in the supply of chrome during the manufacturing processes,” she added. “Pricing as though MMCZ/Apple Bridge expects a manufacturer to buy directly from MMCZ/Apple Bridge is not an accurate expectation. Only a distributor can manage the quantities manufacturers and smelters require at the time they require it.” Mpofu said when approached by members of CZSSCM to notify them of the pricing issue, MMCZ/Apple Bridge said they should wait the market out and not to make further pricing corrections. “This means that they are willing to halt chrome sales in Zimbabwe. In other words, they would rather earn zero tax revenue for Zimbabwe and zero sales for the small-scale miner for the next six months to a year, while hoping the prices will rise to 2016 December prices caused by chrome inventory shortages,” she said. “Halting trade by refusing to acknowledge market forces has affected the Zimbabwean small-scale miner,” she said. However, MMCZ deputy manager marketing, Masimba Chandavengerwa said they were not chasing away buyers but the challenge was the volatility of chrome ore prices. “The prices have been falling due to low uptake of chrome in China. It’s not that customers have run away and we are not chasing them away,” Chandavengerwa said, adding that even after they had told customers that they would quote prices on spot basis, they did not take a position. Chandavengerwa said prices have fallen from $160 to between $80 and $100 “and even with those prices, no customer is prepared to take a position”. “We are trying to push but customers are not there. If there is a producer who has got a customer, let him/her come forward with it and we finalise. We are there as their ambassadors. The problem is that we have middlemen who don’t care about production costs and therefore, these are the same people who are making a lot of noise,” he said. Chandavengerwa said for chrome to reach its final export destination, it takes longer and as such, due to volatility of its prices, buyers were afraid to make losses. As a solution, chrome miners recommended that MMCZ and Apple Bridge acknowledge the change in market direction and align prices to the market. During this period, the trade prices delivered to China average $225, therefore, ex-mine prices should be calculated within the range of $65-$85 for market buyers to cover the distribution and margin costs in this downward market and as prices improve, we will revert upward on price along with the market, she said. This action will serve to attract the 300-400 buyers required to re-establish the Zimbabwe chrome market. “To mitigate the current situation, we request that immediate action be taken to save our sector in the current downturn. An emergency meeting must be called to rectify the current pricing structure,” she said. “Buyers and investors are pulling out with immediate effect due to the fact that our pricing excludes the cost of distributing and moving the chrome to the final destination”. She said miners require daily gazetted pricing for chrome products aligned with the world market pricing as this was the standard practice for globally traded commodities. Mpofu said publicly published prices would also enable miners to plan their business according to the market price available. Miners minister Walter Chidakwa recently told the Chamber of Mines annual general meeting and conference that Zimbabwe will rake in $3 billion in minerals exports this year mainly due to the rebound in chrome prices on the international market. Zimbabwe and South Africa hold 70% of the world’s chrome reserves. Subscribe Subscribe to our e-mail newsletter to receive updates. Related Posts: Bill throws spotlight on sluggish reforms Why ACF is pouring millions into Zim Why AirZim received an EU ban Formal sector business on the decline Furore as fake cement invades market Mandiwanzira rallies behind Zimdancehall Bona critics can go to hell, says minister Place your ad here Loading... No comments yet. Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Comment Name (required) Email (will not be published) (required) Website Current ye@r * Leave this field empty Latest Popular Comments Tags Mugabe succession brawl turns bloody May 28, 2017 Jah Prayzah retraces his roots May 28, 2017 Bona critics can go to hell, says minister May 28, 2017 Uproar over chrome prices May 28, 2017 Mandiwanzira rallies behind Zimdancehall May 28, 2017 Makandiwa breathes fire November 1, 2015 Makandiwa blasts false prophets October 11, 2015 Extra-marital affair saga: Magaya fights back May 29, 2016 Mugabe outwits PM Tsvangirai again January 20, 2013 Sadc leaders humiliate Mugabe June 16, 2013 gafa futi whether he stays or travels is the same. The Patriot Mr President Sir, If I may suggest this simple The Patriot Mr President Sir, If I may suggest this simple Tatita thank you observer people are worried about nothin sekuru bonga But if this command economy wil perfom like comman Asiagate Black Rhinos bulawayo caps united Castle Lager Premier Soccer League Chicken Inn china cricket cuthbert dube Didymus Mutasa Dynamos economy elections FC Platinum Grace Mugabe harare Health and fitness Highlanders How Mine Ian Gorowa Joice Mujuru Masvingo mdc MDC-T morgan Tsvangirai mugabe music mutare RBZ Robert Mugabe rugby slider Soccer south africa tendai biti Tennis tourism unwto Warriors water Zanu PF Zifa zimbabwe Zimbabwe Soccer ZPC Kariba Subscribe to The Standard now Subscribe Legal: Copyright Disclaimer Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Our Partners: Zimbabwe Independent NewsDay Southern Eye Mail & Guardian MyClassifieds Categories: Local Opinion Editorial International Letters Cartoons QueenMakers The Standard: About us Contact us Subscribe Advertise © 2017 The Zimind. All Rights reserved.
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News Zika virus outbreak in Ahmedabad: WHO confirms three cases, first in the country Top Burhan Wani aide killed in Valley, youth dies in fresh protests Before Yogi Adityanath's visit, Dalit villagers got shampoo, soap to ‘clean themselves’ Police complaint over ‘ISIS slogans’ in DU Virender Sehwag told to apply for coach; could face Anil Kumble Home Technology Tech News Apple developing ‘Neural Engine’ chipset for future iPhones and iPads: Report Apple developing ‘Neural Engine’ chipset for future iPhones and iPads: Report The chipset, internally known as Apple Neural Engine, will be used to handle AI-related tasks like speech and facial recognition. By: Tech Desk | New Delhi | Updated: May 28, 2017 10:29 am Artificial intelligence and machine learning are increasing becoming important, with players like Google, Amazon and Microsoft pumping millions of dollars. Apple might be developing a new custom chipset for artificial intelligence (AI) processing, reports Bloomberg’s Mark Gurman. The chipset, internally known as Apple Neural Engine, will be used to handle AI-related tasks like speech and facial recognition. The chipset could in incorporated into Apple’s upcoming devices such as iPhone and iPad. Gurman writes Apple’s current devices are equipped to handle artifical intelligence processes with two different chipset: the main processor or microprocessor, and the graphics chipset, or “GPU”. The custom chipset would allow Apple to offload some processing done by the main chipset and by the GPU, allowing the company to improve battery performance on its devices. The report goes on to say that Apple plans to integrate the chip into other devices, and has even tested prototypes of iPhones with the built-in chip. That said, it makes sense for Apple as its competitors in the tech industry are increasing betting on artificial intelligence (AI) for future growth. Google, for instance, has developed its own chipset for machine learning, called “TPUs”, the second-generation version of which was announced at this year’s I/O. Similarly, Qualcomm’s latest flagship processor, Snapdragon 835, has a dedicated module for an artificial intelligence (AI). According to Apple analyst Gene Munster,”Two of the areas that Apple is betting its future on require AI. At the core of augmented reality and self-driving cars is artificial intelligence.” Over the past few years, Apple has acquired a number of companies having expertise in artificial intelligence and machine learning. In 2016, Apple hired Russ Salakhutdinov from Carnegie Mellon University as its director of AI research. Most recently, Apple released its first AI research paper, which focused on machine vision technologies. Artificial intelligence and machine learning are increasing becoming important, with players like Google, Amazon and Microsoft pumping millions of dollars. It is possible that Apple could share more information about the chipset at WWDC , the annual developer conference to take place June5-9 in San Jose, California. Apple will unveil iOS 11, the latest mobile operating system, along with a new version of macOS, its computer operating system For all the latest Tech News, download Indian Express App now © IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd Tags: Apple No Comments. Most Read WBBSE Madhyamik results 2017 announced on Saturday at wbresults.nic.in ICC Champions Trophy warm-up: Fahim Ashraf's knock of 64 guides Pakistan to two-wicket win over Bangladesh CBSE class 12 results 2017 declared: Here is everything to know CBSE Class 12th results 2017 announced on cbse.nic.in and cbseresults.nic.in Sachin A Billion Dreams box office collection day 1: Cricket's Baahubali Sachin Tendulkar's film earns Rs 8.40 crore Best of Express CBSE 12th results 2017 LIVE updates: Noida’s Raksha Gopal is the topper, pass percentage dips Mann ki Baat: PM Modi says constructive criticism strengthens democracy J-K: Army foils Pakistan infiltration bid in Poonch sector, guns down intruder OpinionThree years of Modi govt: No jobs, no peace OpinionFifth Column: Bad times ahead? Buzzing Now EntertainmentSachin A Billion Dreams movie review: The fulsome tribute will force you to hold back those tears and go 'Sachin, Sachin' EntertainmentSara Ali Khan to debut opposite Sushant Singh Rajput in Abhishek Kapoor's Kedarnath? EntertainmentDangal vs Baahubali 2 box office: Aamir-starrer set to trump SS Rajamouli film TrendingCBSE results: Twitterati buzz about marks and annoying relatives TrendingHappy Birthday AbRam Khan: Twitterati can't stop sharing cute pictures of Shah Rukh Khan's 4-year-old son Top News Petition in Pakistan SC seeks immediate execution of Kulbhushan Jadhav SportsVirender Sehwag told to apply for coach; could face Anil Kumble LifestyleTime to let go: How Mumbai holds on to its century-old BDD chawls Jharkhand's missing children: Rampant trafficking, helpless parents and growing anger SportsSehwag told to apply for India's coach SportsIndia all set for the New Zealand test in first warm-up LifestyleLabour For Art’s Sake LifestyleDown in jungleland: A starry affair TechnologyLG V30 mockup images surface online, could feature a slide-out secondary display TechnologyApple developing 'Neural Engine' chipset for future iPhones and iPads: Report May 28: Latest News CBSE JEE main 2017: Paper 2 ranks released at jeemain.nic.in Petition in Pakistan SC seeks immediate execution of Kulbhushan Jadhav Guillermo Varela lashes out at Eintracht Frankfurt after suspension over tattoo Game of Thrones actors will get more screen time in season 7 13-year-old Lizeth Villanueva gets ‘most likely to become a terrorist’ award in US                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Club MacStoriesWeekly Extras MENU ABOUT PODCAST NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE SECTIONS APP REVIEWS IPAD DIARIES STORIES APPLE HISTORY IOS AUTOMATION GAMES Readdle Brings Split View Drag & Drop to Their iPad Apps iOS 11: iPad Wishes and Concept Video Things 3: Beauty and Delight in a Task Manager This week's sponsor SaneBox Clean Up Your Inbox Today (and Keep It That Way Forever) A Year of Google Maps & Apple Maps→ Linked By Federico Viticci Justin O'Beirne is back with another in-depth analysis of Google Maps and Apple Maps, with a focus on how Google has taken a different approach over the past year: Shortly after I published my Cartography Comparison last June, I noticed Google updating some of the areas we had focused on: Coincidence or not, it was interesting. And it made me wonder what else would change, if we kept watching. Would Google keep adding detail? And would Apple, like Google, also start making changes? So I wrote a script that takes monthly screenshots of Google and Apple Maps.1 And thirteen months later, we now have a year’s worth of images. The screenshot comparisons in his post perfectly demonstrate Google's iteration and Apple's relative stagnation. Speaking from personal experience, Google Maps has considerably improved in my area in the past year, while Apple Maps has remained essentially the same. Which isn't to say that Apple Maps is bad – Google simply has an edge over local business information and they're evolving at a faster pace than Apple. To me, Apple Maps looks and feels nicer; Google Maps seems smarter and it has modern features I'd like Apple to add. I wonder what Apple has in store for WWDC and if they should consider separating Maps from their monolithic software release cycle in the summer. (See also: O'Beirne in May and June 2016.) Source: justinobeirne.com Tags: Apple Maps, google maps, maps ABOUT PODCAST NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE Code by Alessandro Vendruscolo | Design by Silvia Gatta | Hosted by MacStadium | Acknowledgements Copyright 2017 MacStories. All rights reserved. v4.3.7
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Research Reports Credit Suisse Raises Its Target Price on Intuit The little tax-prep company is now a giant among small businesses and the self-employed, with QuickBooks alone a big business By Paul Farrell Biography Updated May 27, 2017 12:19 a.m. ET These reports, excerpted and edited by Barron’s, were issued recently by investment and research firms. The reports are a sampling of analysts’ thinking; they should not be considered the views or recommendations of Barron’s. Many of the reports may be obtained through Thomson Reuters at thomson.com/financial. Some of the reports’ issuers have provided, or hope to provide, investment-banking or other services to the companies being analyzed. American International Group • AIG-NYSE Buy • Price $62.17 on May 23 by... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Ford Races Toward an Exciting Future Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Bitcoin and Tech Stocks: A 21st Century Tulipmania? Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Yahoo! Shares Still Look Undervalued Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Bullish on Emerging Markets, Bearish on U.S. Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: New Man at the Wheel at Ford 2 Are Millennials Boosting Live Entertainment? 3 Seven Years Without Google in China Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Podcast Summer friendlies in USA Official soccer jerseys Books Menu Home Schedules Bundesliga TV Schedule Championship TV Schedule Champions League TV Schedule Confederations Cup TV Schedule EPL TV Schedule Europa League TV Schedule FA Cup TV Schedule International Champions Cup TV Schedule La Liga TV Schedule Barcelona TV Schedule Real Madrid TV Schedule Liga MX TV Schedule Ligue Un TV Schedule MLS TV Schedule NASL TV Schedule Primeira Liga TV schedule Scottish Premiership TV Schedule Serie A TV Schedule Women’s soccer TV Schedule World Cup Qualifiers TV Schedule Streaming Comparison Guide beIN SPORTS Connect DirecTV Now FOX Soccer 2GO FOX Sports GO fuboTV NBC Sports App Sling TV How to Watch Bundesliga Campeonato Brasileiro Championship Champions League EPL La Liga Liga MX Ligue 1 MLS Serie A Beginners Guides Bundesliga Championship Champions League Euro 2020 EPL FA Cup La Liga Serie A World Cup TV Broadcast News Soccer TV Ratings Networks beIN SPORTS ESPN FOX Sports NBC Sports Turner Sports Univision DirecTV vs. DISH Comparison Soccer Channels on DirecTV Soccer Channels on DISH News Bundesliga Championship Champions League Chinese Super League Eredivisie Europa League La Liga Liga MX Ligue Un Major League Soccer NASL NWSL Olympics Premier League Primeira Liga Scottish Premiership Serie A USL Home PlayStation Vue Pros and cons of PlayStation Vue for soccer fans Pros and cons of PlayStation Vue for soccer fans Christopher Harris July 17, 2016 PlayStation Vue 24 Comments I took the opportunity to test drive PlayStation Vue recently, to see how it works and whether soccer fans may find it useful to watch the Beautiful Game. Here are the pros and cons: CONS 1. Free trial is only 5 days compared to the industry standard of 7 days. 2. PlayStation Vue is more expensive than Sling TV. The cheapest plan PlayStation Vue has is $29.99/month compared to Sling Orange for $20/month or Sling Blue for $25/month. If you’re looking to save money, PlayStation Vue may not be the solution you want. 3. With PlayStation Vue, some channels are not available to watch on mobile phones or tablets even if you pay to subscribe to those channels. You can watch them on your PS3/PS4 or Roku, for example, but some of the channels aren’t accessible when watching PS Vue on your mobile device. According to PlayStation, they say that “Some channels are not available through PlayStation Vue Mobile due to streaming rights, and will be marked as such with a Mobile Restricted badge.” 4. You can’t use PlayStation Vue at your friend or family’s house, or on the road. For some strange season, PlayStation Vue ties your account to your home location. So if you do want to use it outside of your home, you’re unable to do so (there are some workarounds, however). On top of that, if your IP address changes for any reason, expect an array of error messages. 5. If you want to watch PlayStation Vue on your Windows PC or Apple computer, you can’t. There’s no app available for the PC, unlike Sling TV which runs on PCs and Apple computers. You have to watch PS Vue through an approved device such as a PS4, Roku, etc. 6. PlayStation Vue isn’t available on as many devices as fuboTV or Sling TV. You can watch PlayStation Vue only on a PS3 or PS4, or an Amazon Fire TV and Fire TV Stick, iPad, iPhone, Android and Roku. In comparison, Sling TV is available on: Windows 7 & higher, Apple computers (Lion 10.7 & higher), Apple TV, Amazon Fire TV, Amazon Fire tablet (running Android 4.4.2+), Roku, Android TV, ZTE, Channel Master, Apple iOS 8 (& higher) phones & tablets, Android 4.0.3 (and higher) phones & tablets and Xbox One. fuboTV, meanwhile is available on: Windows PC, Mac, Apple iPhone, Apple iPad, Apple TV, Android smartphones, Android tablets, Roku, Amazon Fire TV and Amazon Kindle. 6. PlayStation Vue doesn’t provide access to beIN SPORTS Connect. And without beIN SPORTS Connect, you won’t be able to watch many La Liga, Championship, Serie A, Capital One Cup games, as well as other programming. In comparison, fuboTV provides access to beIN SPORTS Connect. 7. You have to create a PlayStation Network account in order to sign up for a trial to PlayStation Vue. If you already have a PS3 or PS4, then that’s no big deal. But if you don’t have either of those two consoles, you have to register for the PlayStation Network account, and then sign up for the PlayStation Vue trial. With Sling TV and fuboTV, you just sign up for the free trial and you’re in. 8. If you want to sign up for a free 7-day trial to PS Vue on your Roku, you can’t. You have to go to the PlayStation website, sign up for a free PlayStation Network account and then sign up for the trial. It’s a shame you can’t sign up for a free trial directly from the Roku device. 9. When you sign up for a free trial to PlayStation Vue, there’s even more steps. You have to select your sex (male/female), enter your birth date and create a profile name. Why do they need your birthdate to watch streaming? Beats me. 10. The user interface for PlayStation Vue isn’t as good or as easy to use as Sling TV. In particular, Sling TV’s recently improved app for the Roku is much better than PS Vue. PROS 1. PlayStation Vue’s selection of channels available is very comprehensive. For the Elite Slim package, which is $44.99 per month, you get: FOX on demand, NBC on demand, ABC on demand, AMC, American Heroes, Animal Planet, beIN SPORTS, BET, BET Gospel, BET Jams, Boomerang, Bravo, BTN, BTN Alternate, Cartoon Network, Centric, Chiller, Cloo, CMT, CMT Music, CNBC, CNBC World, CNN, Comedy Central, Cooking Channel, Destination America, Discovery Channel, Discovery Family, Discovery Life Channel, Disney Channel, Disney Junior, Disney XD, DIY, E!, EPIX Hits, ESPN, ESPN Deportes, ESPN2, ESPNEWS, ESPNU, Esquire Network, Food Network, FOX Business, FOX College Sports, FOX Deportes, FOX News, FOX Sports regional, Freeform, FS1, FS2, Fusion, FX, FXM, FXX, Golf, HGTV, HI-YAH, HLN, IFC, IMPACT, Investigation Discovery, Logo, Machinima, MGM, MSNBC, MTV, MTV Hits, MTV Live, MTV2, MTVU, Nat Geo Wild, National Geographic Channel, NBCSN, Nick Jr., Nickelodeon, Nicktoons, One World Sports, Outside Television, OWN, Oxygen, Poker Central, POP, Science, SEC Network, Sony Movie Channel, Spike, Sprout, SundanceTV, SyFy, TBS, Teen Nick, TLC, TNT, Travel Channel, truTV, Turner Classic Movies, TV Land, Universal, USA, Velocity, VH1, VH1 Classic, WE tv 2. Unlike Sling TV, you can pause and rewind ESPN programming. 3. PS Vue allows you to stream content in every room of your house at no additional charge. With Sling TV, you’re limited to the number of streams you can run concurrently. 4. PlayStation Vue provides access to NBC Sports App and ESPN3, which opens the door to a lot of soccer programming that isn’t available on NBCSN and the ESPN channels.   PlayStation Vue, while offering NBCSN and the NBC Sports App as well as other soccer networks, is a worthy contender in the soccer streaming space, but isn’t perfect by any means. The quest to find the ultimate streaming service that offers everything you could possibly need continues. PlayStation Vue comes close, but hopefully a more cost-effective and comprehensive service will be available in the near future. Tweet Pin It Related Posts Comparing soccer coverage on fuboTV, Sling TV, DIRECTV NOW and PlayStation Vue Speed tests between Sling TV, fuboTV, PlayStation Vue and DIRECTV NOW About The Author Christopher Harris Publisher of World Soccer Talk, Christopher Harris founded the site in 2005. He has been interviewed by The New York Times, The Guardian and several other publications. Plus he has made appearances on NPR, BBC World, CBC, BBC Five Live, talkSPORT and beIN SPORT. Harris, who was born and raised in Wales, has lived in Florida since 1984, and supported Swansea City since 1979. Last but not least, he got engaged during half-time of a MLS game. 24 Comments Velija July 17, 2016 I know its been stated that Sling doesnt sponsor this site, but it really seems like it, considering how much information is skewed towards Sling. Youre first comment about cost, it would cost the more money to get the same amount of channels on Vue and Sling, and im talking about Soccer channels specifically. To get ESPN, NBC, Fox, and beIN on Sling. You need to get Sling Blue (Fox, NBC), Sling Orange (ESPN) and the Sports addon (+ $5 for beIN Sports) totaling $45. Its $40 for both packages, then $5 extra for beIN, and that doesnt include beIN en Espanol. With Vue you can get all of those with the Core Slim (medium package) for $35, and add the Spanish pack for beIN en Espanol for $5. Not to mention the fact that you get the addons for those channels (Apart from beIN Connect, but Sling doesnt offer that either). So Sling really doesnt offer an advantage in terms of watching Football at all. The mobile restriction thing is something but, with access to Fox Sports Go, Watch ESPN, and in particular NBC Sports, you dont need to go through PS Vue to watch the sports, it would just act as your log in. . And with PS Vue, you didnt even mention the DVR options, Sling doesnt have this. Again the whole sponsorship talk comes into play, considering it is mentioned on every other article that Fubo and Sling are great way to watch Football. The fact that this article is missing a lot of key points, and has others simply incorrect, is bothersome. Granted it really doesnt matter which you like, competition is needed, but writing something like this is, which clearly favors one side for reasons that we can only guess at, is not good for anyone. Reply Christopher Harris July 17, 2016 Velija, thanks for your feedback. I completely disagree with your assertion that Sling TV “is mentioned on every other article that Fubo and Sling are great way to watch Football.” That’s completely untrue. Some people will like Vue better, others will prefer Sling TV. Like I said in the article, it all depends what you’re looking for and want. You raise a good point about DVR functionality. That’s one feature I forgot to mention. With Sling Blue and Sling Orange combined with the Best of Spanish TV package (for a total of $45/month), you get all the FOX channels, all the NBC channels, all the ESPN channels as well as beIN SPORTS, beIN SPORTS Espanol and all of the Univision channels. Reply Jose January 8, 2017 You forget PS Vue is compatible with Chromecast and also you can use your PS Vue login with the native channel apps to watch other games. You can use login just like a cable login to access Fox Sports, NBC Live Extra and WatchESPN which solves your out of your home problem and for use in computers. I don’t think you did your research on this subject. Reply JeremyC July 18, 2016 As a former sling tv member that switched to ps vue, you hit it on the head with your response about the service. However the article was focused on soccer, but i agree that the info in the article was misleading because the PsVue Mid level package is much more valuable than the Sling tv’s patch work of packages, and is worth it. I can watch multiple espn streams on several tvs and phones, at the same time. Ive cut my cable bill by more than 80 dollars and get more. Reply Rye Brook July 17, 2016 Thanks so much for the review, good to see the pro’s and cons of each provider. I agree with Velija that competition is a good thing. I’m still over the moon that online only fans will be able to watch the premier league and other soccer/futbol using devices other than the bloated and expensive conventional TV packages with their lamentable customer service. For me the Sling pack is the only way to go because (1) I’ll be watching mostly on my MacBook Pro and (2) there’s times when I won’t be at my home ISP location. I’m really hoping that, for matches I can’t watch live, Sling will not reveal the outcome/score either by blatantly stating it on the launch page or giving obvious clues by having the link tab covered by a photo of the winning team wildly celebrating! Reply Christopher Harris July 17, 2016 Thanks for the kind words Rye. With so many streaming choices, the winner is we soccer fans who now have plenty of options to choose from. Reply Michael Hayes July 17, 2016 This Fall a new Real-time, interactive, live sports game app is launching. How it works is if you are watching a Premier League, or MLS, game, you open the app to that game and interact in real-time, by predicting and calling plays. The app will be a FREE download, and players can watch their favorite sports team, interactive by making predictions, and calling plays, and the player can earn rewards like hats and shirts, electronics like an iPad or TV, Vacations, Tickets to a Big Game, or even a car. Will change the way we play sports as fans. Launching in the Fall with live NFL Football and MLS Soccer then expand to Premier League, NBA Basketball, and other sports. Next year will be able to watch the British Open and predict shots, scores, and winners, in real-time. Reply Mike July 18, 2016 might as well have cable. My cable bill was $100, $50 internet & $50 tv (including a dvr). So whatever solution has to be not just $50 but well lower to make it worthwhile. I only want about 6 or 7 channels (NBC sports, NBC Sports extra channels, Fox Sports 1, ESPN, ESPN2, ESPN watch, Bien. So until there’s a solution that’s well cheaper than $50 bucks (i’m thinking $20-$30 at most) cable and a dvr is a better option. $45 bucks ain’t enough. I’d rather pay an extra $5, have a dvr, sleep in on weekends and watch games at reasonable hours. Use my dvr and see champions league games when i get home from work. Plus then i’d simply get an extra 100 channels i rarely watch anyways. Reply Steve N July 18, 2016 It should be mentioned that for all the channels that are mobile restricted so that you can’t access them outside the home — that’s not quite accurate. All the channels offer apps for iOS and Android, and you can log in to those channel apps using your Playstation Vue credentials. I use that all the time to access streaming content outside the home. When at home, I use the PS Vue app itself. Reply joe July 20, 2016 PlayStation Vue is hands down better. Reply joman July 21, 2016 without Question PlayStation Vue is the hands down winner, HD viewing of 75+ channels on the mid tier package, all my Philly Eagles , Flyers, Sixers, Phillies on Comcast channel DVR capability for up to 28 -days, plus they have added Roku Adroid Amazon Fire Tv& stick etc. the new Play station vue app just rolled out an updated firmware making the interface more user friendly. Sony has won this battle so far” Reply rev912 July 21, 2016 Question for Vue users, so I can log in and watch on my PS4 in the living room, Fire TV in bedroom, iPad whereever at home but I can’t login anywhere away from my home network like if I am in a hotel or visiting family? It’s tied to your home network or IP? Reply Kailong July 21, 2016 PlayStation Vue is clearly the better one, hands down….. If Sling really doesn’t sponsor this site, then here’s the key points missing out in this review: 1. Streaming quality: This is all we want. With Sling all I get is constant buffering, freezes and lags. What’s the point of lower price with lower quality? 3. IP/Mobile restriction: It is annoying but actually there is easy workaround. Use the Vue credentials on almost any TV everywhere apps and you are good to go. Mobile restriction is absolutely not a big issue here. I’m pretty sure that no one’s ever opened the horrendous Sling app during the Euro and Wimbledon season because of far superior quality on WatchESPN, which unfortunately is the only TV everywhere app supported. To Sling: if you don’t know how to do streaming, at least let others do the job for you. Reply Frill Artist August 13, 2016 Just change the name of the site to SlingSoccerTalk because we all know you’re shilling for them. You didn’t mention Vue’s DVR and CatchUp features. All you did was use every chance to bash and compare their service to Sling. You also lied. Vue has access to BEIN connect. Reply Christopher Harris August 13, 2016 Frill, PS Vue is one of our sponsors too. Regarding beIN SPORTS Connect, when I tested PS Vue this summer, I didn’t see Vue listed at https://beinsportsconnect.tv/index.html and I don’t think it worked when I tried to log in using Vue credentials. If it does work now, I stand corrected. Reply Monte Reed August 13, 2016 beIN Sports Connect is Included with Playstation VUE. Watching it right now on my phone Reply Ashot August 13, 2016 So what’s the best deal for watching Bein (connect), FS1 & FS2, NBCSN (live extra)? VUE Core $45? With Sling it can be cheaper but without Connects & Live extras…or Sling blue + FuboTV but still without Live Extra $35…still expensive for just watching football. Reply Thony August 28, 2016 Do I have access to BeinConnect with PS Vue Slim + Español Pack? I wonder because just includes Bein Sports in spanish, but I don´t see any mention of beinsports in english… I´m currently looking to change my Sling Orange+Spanish (25$/month) to either: – Sling Blue+Spanish (30$/month) which will include Bein Sports, NCBSN and Fox, but no access to online features of those channels.. – PS Vue Slim + Español (35$/month) which will include Bein Sports, NCBSN, Fox and ESPN. And it grants access to online features of those channels. The one I’m not sure is BeinConnected… and it matters a lot to me because I’m a die hard fan of Juventus (Serie A games are usually live in BeinSport (English))… so this matters a lot to me… I Think I´m going to be on the PS Vue side for this one Reply cmotomn September 23, 2016 Just verified that PlayStation Vue subscribers now have access to beIN Sports Connect! Reply FrillArtist February 1, 2017 PS Vue is now available on PC and Mac. The PS Vue interface on PS4 and PS3 is better than any Sling interface. Reply David February 1, 2017 The PS Vue is on Apple TV now as well. Reply Mike February 1, 2017 I’ve tried SlingTV, Fubo TV, PS Vue and Directv Now, all on Apple TV. PS Vue is the best choice in my opinion. With PS Vue Core package for $34.99, you get BeIn, Fox Sports, FS1, FS2, NBCSN, all ESPN channels, CNBC and USA Network (for when EPL games are broadcasted). Plus, you can use your PS Vue credentials to access the Fox Sports app which gives you Fox Soccer Plus games, all games on ESPN 3 and NBCSN. The DVR feature (keeps 10 or so episodes for daily shows, 28 episodes for weekly shows) and pause/rewind live TV is awesome. Sling TV has a problem with buffering/degradation, etc. El Classico match last Spring on Fubo TV was terrible. PS Vue is the way to go for number of sports/soccer channels at the best price. Reply VJ February 3, 2017 I have tried to activate Vue from outside of the US but can’t seem to do it without a US issued credit card. I do of course have VPN. Can anyone assist me? Reply SCH May 27, 2017 Is fox sports a necessary add on if my husband likes to watch all man city games, but also other soccer games? Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Search TV Schedules • Bundesliga TV schedule • Championship TV schedule • Champions League TV schedule • Confederations Cup TV Schedule • Copa Libertadores TV schedule • Eredivisie TV schedule • Europa League TV schedule • FA Cup TV schedule • Gold Cup TV Schedule • International Champions Cup TV Schedule • La Liga TV schedule • League Cup TV Schedule • Liga MX TV schedule • Ligue Un TV schedule • MLS TV schedule • NASL TV schedule • Premier League TV schedule • Primeira Liga TV schedule • Russian Premier League TV schedule • Scottish Premiership TV schedule • Serie A TV schedule • Women's soccer TV schedule • World Cup TV schedule • World Cup qualifiers TV schedule Recent Comments MEX2017 on Confederations Cup TV schedule and streaming links SCH on Pros and cons of PlayStation Vue for soccer fans Oliver Tse on Univision shares details about UEFA Champions League and Europa League coverage Charlie on Copa Libertadores TV schedule and streaming links Oliver Tse on Changes NBC needs to make to improve its EPL coverage next season: World Soccer Talk Podcast cliff on Changes NBC needs to make to improve its EPL coverage next season: World Soccer Talk Podcast Christopher Harris on EFL iFollow FAQ: All you need to know about the Football League’s new streaming service Christopher Harris on EFL iFollow FAQ: All you need to know about the Football League’s new streaming service Efrain on Wenger deserves to stay at Arsenal, says Chelsea’s Conte Eddie on Changes NBC needs to make to improve its EPL coverage next season: World Soccer Talk Podcast Eddie on Univision shares details about UEFA Champions League and Europa League coverage Eddie on Univision shares details about UEFA Champions League and Europa League coverage Want all new articles and TV schedules delivered straight to your inbox, free? * indicates required Email Address * SOCCER TV SCHEDULES • Bundesliga TV schedule • Championship TV schedule • Champions League TV schedule • Confederations Cup TV Schedule • Copa Libertadores TV schedule • Eredivisie TV schedule • Europa League TV schedule • FA Cup TV schedule • Gold Cup TV Schedule • International Champions Cup TV Schedule • La Liga TV schedule • League Cup TV Schedule • Liga MX TV schedule • Ligue Un TV schedule • MLS TV schedule • NASL TV schedule • Premier League TV schedule • Primeira Liga TV schedule • Russian Premier League TV schedule • Scottish Premiership TV schedule • Serie A TV schedule • Women's soccer TV schedule • World Cup TV Schedule • World Cup qualifiers TV schedule SOCCER STREAMING NEWS • beIN SPORTS Connect • DIRECTV NOW • FOX Soccer 2GO • FOX Sports GO • fuboTV • NBC Sports App • Sling TV • Comparison guide SOCCER TV NETWORKS • beIN SPORTS • ESPN • FOX Sports • NBC Sports • Turner Sports • Univision Deportes • Soccer TV ratings • DirecTV vs. DISH comparison WORLD SOCCER TALK • About us • Our team • Contact us • Press coverage • Advertise World Soccer Talk Copyright © 2017. Made in Florida. 
Sunday 28 May 2017 , Sunday 28 May 2017 , Today's Paper Politics Bangladesh World News Business Sports Entertainment Art & Culture Science & Tech Travel & Tourism Metro Opinion Environment Health & Life Style Health Cuisine Beauty Fashion Latest News Statue removal: 4 arrestees get bail JU closed for indefinite period, 42 arrested 6 killed, 81 hurt in Saudi Arabia multi-bus crash Barapukuria graft case against Khaleda to continue: SC Statue reinstalled in front of SC annex building Business 28 May, 2017 09:55:07 AM Apple opens first official store in SE Asia Independent Online / AFP People look at products on display inside the Apple store in the Orchard shopping district on its opening day in Singapore on saturday. Hundreds of people waited outside Apple's first store in Southeast Asia in Singapore.  Apple opened its first Southeast Asia store in Singapore yesterday, drawing hundreds of excited fans to the swanky two-storey site in the city’s upmarket shopping district. Located on the affluent Orchard Road, the new shop—easily distinguished by its iconic glass facade—is expected to be one of the most popular Apple stores in the world according to the US tech giant. Merchandise such as the iPhone and MacBook were strategically placed on display across the spacious first floor, while the upper level acted as a classroom for customers to participate in hands-on sessions. Hundreds of shoppers camped out in anticipation of the launch, while more than a thousand thronged the store soon after the doors opened, an AFP reporter observed. First in the queue was Xiang Jiaxin, a twenty-five-year-old Chinese national working in Macau who had queued for more than 12 hours overnight and planned a holiday to Singapore specially to coincide with the opening. “I am very happy and excited to be part of this. I have participated in the official store openings in Macau, Guangzhou and Nanjing,” he told AFP. Apple, which has a staggering $256.8 billion cash stockpile, celebrated its 40th anniversary last year. The Silicon Valley legend sprang out of Steve Jobs’ garage to reshape modern life with trend-setting gadgets. Most of its earnings come from the iPhone, which faces increasingly tough competition in a saturated market. The tech behemoth has almost 500 stores globally with more than a million visitors daily. Aside from Singapore, its Asia shops are located in Hong Kong, China and Japan. A regional transport, business and financial hub, Singapore attracted 16.4 million visitors last year. Apple opens first official store in SE Asia Independent Online / AFP Apple opened its first Southeast Asia store in Singapore yesterday, drawing hundreds of excited fans to the swanky two-storey site in the citys upmarket shopping district. Located on the affluent Orchard Road, the new shopeasily distinguished by its iconic glass facadeis expected to be one of the most popular Apple stores in the world according to the US tech giant. Merchandise such as the iPhone and MacBook were strategically placed on display across the spacious first floor, while the upper level acted as a classroom for customers to participate in hands-on sessions. Hundreds of shoppers camped out in anticipation of the launch, while more than a thousand thronged the store soon after the doors opened, an AFP reporter observed. First in the queue was Xiang Jiaxin, a twenty-five-year-old Chinese national working in Macau who had queued for more than 12 hours overnight and planned a holiday to Singapore specially to coincide with the opening. I am very happy and excited to be part of this. I have participated in the official store openings in Macau, Guangzhou and Nanjing, he told AFP. Apple, which has a staggering $256.8 billion cash stockpile, celebrated its 40th anniversary last year. The Silicon Valley legend sprang out of Steve Jobs garage to reshape modern life with trend-setting gadgets. Most of its earnings come from the iPhone, which faces increasingly tough competition in a saturated market. The tech behemoth has almost 500 stores globally with more than a million visitors daily. Aside from Singapore, its Asia shops are located in Hong Kong, China and Japan. A regional transport, business and financial hub, Singapore attracted 16.4 million visitors last year. Comments Most popular   On Business Michael Foley made CEO, Yasir Azman deputy CEO of GP A smart bangle for maternal wellness Tap Dhaka-Ottawa trade potentials, urges foreign minister WTO said to back tobacco logo ban in Australia 4 companies get govt nod Poll Today's Question » Gana Forum President Dr Kamal Hossain says efforts are there to cheaply use religion only for having votes. Do you agree?  Yes  No  No Comment All Result Yes 68.4% No 10.5% No Comment 21.1% Most Viewed Criticism pours in AL eyes closer links with Islamist parties Bombs, bomb making substance recovered from Savar militant den Islamic parties hail India opens longest bridge on China border Video Removal of sculpture (26-05-2017) Prices of vegetables go up (26-05-2017) Earning from outsourcing (27-05-2017) Earthquake: Risky slums built on waterbodies (27-05-2017) Land of railways dept being occupied (27-05-2017) More Business Stories Digital dreams Few big businesses today can afford to do without an e-tail site of their own. But 26 years ago, the pioneers of the World Wide Web (WWW) were not looking for a way to make money. The internet is now a global phenomenon. It has become… VAT rate to remain at 15pc: Muhith BGMEA wants industrial policy support for two years Oil prices rally after heavy sell-off Country to speed up rice imports Panic’ factories as workers collapse in heatwave Merger renders Tk 1.7b loss: Robi Politics Bangladesh World News Business Sports Entertainment Art & Culture Science & Tech Travel & Tourism Metro Opinion Environment Health & Life Style Health Cuisine Beauty Fashion Copyright © All right reserved. Editor : M. Shamsur Rahman Published by the Editor on behalf of Independent Publications Limited at Media Printers, 446/H, Tejgaon I/A, Dhaka-1215. Editorial, News & Commercial Offices : Beximco Media Complex, 149-150 Tejgaon I/A, Dhaka-1208, Bangladesh. GPO Box No. 934, Dhaka-1000. Editor : M. Shamsur Rahman Published by the Editor on behalf of Independent Publications Limited at Media Printers, 446/H, Tejgaon I/A, Dhaka-1215. Editorial, News & Commercial Offices : Beximco Media Complex, 149-150 Tejgaon I/A, Dhaka-1208, Bangladesh. GPO Box No. 934, Dhaka-1000. Disclaimer & Privacy Policy .................................................... About Us .................................................... Contact Us .................................................... Advertisement .................................................... Subscription Powered by : Frog Hosting The Independent, Bangladesh
null
Share 0 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-05-27 Who Is JP Sears? ‘Ultra Spiritual’ YouTube Sensation Actually Believes All That Stuff Entertainment 2017-05-27 ‘Stranger Things’ Director Shawn Levy: Season 2 Will Be Bigger And Scarier [Video] Entertainment 2017-05-26 ‘Love Actually’ 16 Minute Sequel Shows What Everyone Is Up To 14 Years Later Entertainment 2017-05-26 Clint Eastwood, Johnny Depp, Tim Allen And Thomas Gibson: Camille Paglia Making Room For ‘Manly’ Men [Opinion] News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-05-28 Tim Kaine’s Son Among Those Charged For Involvement With Masked, Anti-Trump Rioting At Rally News 2017-05-28 World War 3 Alert: North Korea Fires New Anti-Aircraft Missile, Kim Jong-Un Says U.S. Will Not ‘Command Skies’ News 2017-05-27 Newark Liberty International Airport Evacuated Following Discovery Of Suspicious Pressure Cooker News 2017-05-27 Gregg Allman Dead At 69 — Cher Tweets Her Sadness Of Ex-Husband’s Death Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Baseball 2017-05-28 LA Dodgers Trade Rumors: Sonny Gray, Ryan Braun Could Become Dodgers Acquisitions Before MLB Trade Deadline Basketball 2017-05-27 Is Dwyane Wade Staying With The Chicago Bulls, Or Is He Opting Out? [Opinion] Basketball 2017-05-27 NBA Trade Rumors: Carmelo Anthony To Cavs Trade Revisited, Kevin Love And Kay Felder To Knicks? NASCAR 2017-05-27 Memorial Day Weekend Racing 2017: Watch Coca-Cola 600, Indy 500 Live Stream Online, TV Info, Start Times, Odds Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-05-25 National Wine Day: Quotes, GIFs, Recipes, And More Lifestyle 2017-05-24 Memorial Day 2017: Freebies, Discounts, Deals, & More Lifestyle 2017-05-21 Tired Of Being Single? Embrace ‘Sologamy’ And Marry Yourself Lifestyle 2017-05-19 Dunkin’ Donuts Gives Away Free Frozen Coffee Samples Today, And ‘Freeze The Day With $1K’ Giveaway Ends Today Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-05-27 Lazarus Syndrome Cases Grossly Underreported, Some Scientists Suggest Passive Monitoring After Death Health 2017-05-26 Penis Transplant In South Africa Gives Patient The Right Organ With The Wrong Color Health 2017-05-25 Magic Mushrooms Are ‘Safest’ Recreational Drug Says New Study, But How Safe Are They? Health, Medicine 2017-05-24 Merck & Co. Gain FDA Approval For Pembrolizumab, A Groundbreaking New Cancer Medication Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-05-27 PS Plus June 2017 Lineup Leaked? Free Games Include ‘Life Is Strange’ And ‘Killing Floor 2’ Technology 2017-05-27 Intel Powers Mini Drone That Can Be Controlled By Hand Gestures Gaming 2017-05-27 ‘GTA Online’ Bonuses: Double GTA$, RP & Discounts While Waiting For Gunrunning DLC Gaming 2017-05-26 ‘Tekken’ Is Ready To Take The World By Storm — World Tour And $200K eSports League Announced BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-05-27 Obama Visit To Prince Harry Giving Fuel To Shadow Government Conspiracy? [Opinion] BuzzWorthy 2017-05-27 Ben And Jerry’s Supports LGBT Rights, Bans Australian Customers From Ordering Two Scoops Of The Same Flavors BuzzWorthy 2017-05-27 Sand, And Scully, And Bear, Oh My BuzzWorthy 2017-05-27 Are Fidget Spinners Safe? Incidents Spark Concern Among Parents And Officials About Dangers Of Latest Toy Fad SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss 10.5-Inch iPad Pro 2 Rumors: 120Hz True Tone Display, Slimmer Bezels, But Traditional Form Factor Gadgets 0 0 0 May 27, 2017 10.5-Inch iPad Pro 2 Rumors: 120Hz True Tone Display, Slimmer Bezels, But Traditional Form Factor Simon Alvarez Apple might be planning on releasing as many as four iPads this year, but there is no tablet more compelling than the rumored 10.5-inch iPad Pro 2, a new slate that is speculated to revive the Cupertino-based tech giant’s struggling tablet business. If rumors are any indication, however, it seems that not only would the 10.5-inch iPad Pro 2 live up to the hype, it would also enter the market far earlier than expected. The Cupertino-based tech giant’s tablet sales have been in a slump for years now, with interest in slates decreasing as smartphones get larger displays. Apart from this, numerous users of Apple’s iPads have opted to keep their devices for years, which translated to lost sales and revenue for newer models. Things were shaken up a little bit, however, with the introduction of the iPad Pro series, comprised of a 12.9-inch model and a smaller, slightly more advanced 9.7-inch variant that was released early last year. The two iPad Pros were an entirely different breed of tablets, in the way that they are targeted toward the enterprise market and power users. With hefty specs and a couple of advanced accessories, the iPad Pro series has been dubbed by Apple as the next big thing in personal computing. So far, however, the limitations of iOS has limited the iPad Pros’ potential, and both the 12.9-inch and 9.7-inch variants have pretty much become niche devices. iPad Pro 2 & Apple Pencil 2 concept renderings. #Apple #iPad #iPadPro2 #ApplePencil2 #Concept #Rendering pic.twitter.com/2wTJW4GCTN —  iDesigner (@AppleiDesigner) May 9, 2017 If rumors about Apple’s 2017 tablets are any indication, however, it appears that the Cupertino-based tech giant is preparing to pull out all stops to ensure that 2017’s iPad series would be serious competitors in the computing industry. According to speculations, Apple would be doing this by releasing four tablets this year, a budget device, a refresh for the 12.9-inch and 9.7-inch Pros, and a new 10.5-inch device that would incorporate numerous advances never before seen in an Apple tablet, according to a MacWorld report. The 10.5-inch iPad Pro is rumored to be released with a similar form factor as the 9.7-inch iPad variant. For this to happen, Apple would need to decrease the size of the 10.5-inch iPad’s bezels radically. Over the past few months, renders of the upcoming device have emerged with concepts depicting a full-screen iPad. Considering that the feature might be exclusive to the iPhone 8 this year, however, there is a good chance that the 10.5-inch iPad Pro would still feature a classic Home Button, albeit with far smaller bezels as its predecessors. First attempt at a concept for the iPad Pro 2. With same edge to edge design as iPhone 8. Never done this before. What do you think? pic.twitter.com/K7outWaM3s — Tailosive Tech (@tailosivetech) May 7, 2017 One thing that has struck Apple fans is the rumor that the 10.5-inch iPad Pro would be equipped with the most advanced display that the tech giant has ever released for a tablet. According to a PC Advisor report, developers have found references to 120fps displays in Xcode, which has been interpreted widely as Apple fitting the 10.5-inch slate with a screen that has an impressively quick refresh rate. The current 12.9-inch and 9.7-inch iPad Pros have 60Hz displays, which, while capable enough for conventional applications, still lags at times when using the Apple Pencil to create content. With a 120Hz display, however, even the most taxing graphics applications would be handled by the 10.5-inch iPad Pro 2 with ease. Of course, the critically acclaimed, yet surprisingly rare True Tone display that is found in the 9.7-inch iPad Pro is expected to be fitted on the 10.5-inch iPad Pro 2 as well. The feature, which automatically optimizes the display depending on the ambient light, has received nothing but praise from consumers and critics alike. Despite this, however, Apple has yet to release another slate with the advanced feature. Thus, the 10.5-inch iPad Pro might very well be the device that would debut the feature once more. If rumors prove accurate, the 10.5-inch iPad Pro 2 would see a release this coming June, during Apple’s WWDC 2017. While the tech giant has not confirmed the launch, noted Apple analysts such as KGI’s Ming-Chi Kuo have stated that the chances of the tech giant revealing the 10.5-inch flagship slate on the developers’ conference are very high. Pricing for the 10.5-inch iPad Pro 2 remains unknown, though speculations are high that the device would start at around $699 for the base 32GB model. [Featured Image by Marcio Jose Sanchez/AP Images] Share 0 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Contributor Simon Alvarez Tags: 10.5-inch iPad Pro, Apple, iPad Pro 2 May 28, 2017 Bill Cosby Allegedly ‘Paranoid,’ Feels That Someone May ‘Spike’ His Drink Before Rape Trial May 27, 2017 Is ‘Baywatch’ Star Zac Efron Too Buff? Journalist Shares Concerns Over Actor’s Ripped, Muscular Frame Comments LATEST HEADLINES Kylie Jenner May Still Have Feelings For Tyga As Travis Scott Fling Inspires Pregnancy Rumors Ivanka Trump Leaving Washington, D.C.? She May Return To Private Life In NYC LA Dodgers Trade Rumors: Sonny Gray, Ryan Braun Could Become Dodgers Acquisitions Before MLB Trade Deadline Bill Cosby Allegedly ‘Paranoid,’ Feels That Someone May ‘Spike’ His Drink Before Rape Trial ‘Days Of Our Lives’ Summer Spoilers: Deimos Kiriakis Involved With Epidemic, Chad DiMera Missing Tim Kaine’s Son Among Those Charged For Involvement With Masked, Anti-Trump Rioting At Rally World War 3 Alert: North Korea Fires New Anti-Aircraft Missile, Kim Jong-Un Says U.S. Will Not ‘Command Skies’ Michael Jackson, Paris Jackson’s Father, Gave Personal Homeless Focus To Charity Work Is ‘The Walking Dead’ Season 8 Still A Horror TV Show? [Opinion] Is Dwyane Wade Staying With The Chicago Bulls, Or Is He Opting Out? [Opinion] Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Trending Stories Roger Waters Brings Powerful Anti-Trump Message On New Tour, Offending Some Fans 24k 0 0 Piers Morgan Slams Ariana Grande For Flying Home Following Manchester Terror Attack: ‘She Should Have Stayed’ 16.8k 0 0 Donald Trump Wants Over $1 Trillion Cut From Social Programs, Adds $25 Billion To Ivanka’s Parental Leave Plan 17.6k 0 0 Walmart To Ban Woman Caught On Viral Racist Rant Video 12.6k 0 0 Cher In A Thong And Bodysuit At 71 Years Of Age: ‘I Can Do A 5-Minute Plank, Okay?’ [Video] 27.9k 0 0 Supporting POTUS, ‘Pawn Stars’ Rick Harrison Blames Obama For All Of His Business Woes 22.5k 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr.
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Reviews Reviews Camera Reviews GoPro Karma Drone: Australian Hands On GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark II: Australian Review Impossible Project I-1 Polaroid Camera: The Gizmodo Review Car Reviews 2017 Ford Focus ST: The Jalopnik Review This Motorcycle Sold Me On Electric Dirt Bikes Six Hours In An Aston Martin DB11 BMW i3 REx: Australian Review Phone Reviews Samsung DeX: The Gizmodo Review BlackBerry KeyOne: The Gizmodo Review Samsung Galaxy S8: The Gizmodo Review Samsung Galaxy S8: Australian Review PC Reviews Microsoft Surface Studio: Australian Review Synology RT2600ac: Australian Review Oree's Essential Keyboard Is A Beautiful, Expensive Wooden Treasure AMD Radeon RX 550: The Gizmodo Review Smartwatch Reviews Fitbit Alta HR: Australian Review Fitbit Alta HR: The Gizmodo Review Huawei Fit: The Gizmodo Review Apple Watch Nike+: Australian Review Gadgets Reviews The Australian Home Battery Storage Buying Guide Hulu Live TV Is The Best Streaming TV Service Yet, But It Needs Some Work UrbanEars Should Stick To Headphones, Because Its Wi-Fi Speakers Are Garbage The Coolest Smart Home Innovations In 2017 Gaming Reviews Allcade 64-Bit Retro Console: The Gizmodo Review The Nintendo Switch: Australian Impressions Noblechairs' Gaming Chair Is For Firm Butts And Deep Pockets The Astro A50s Are Good Headphones With A Great Wireless Station Entertainment Reviews The American Gods TV Series Fixes One Of The Book's Biggest Problems John Wick: Chapter 2: The Gizmodo Review A Kid In King Arthur's Court Is The Dumbest Arthurian Legend Ever Told On American Gods, Belief Is Starting To Make The Impossible Happen  Microsoft Surface Studio: Australian Review The Australian Home Battery Storage Buying Guide The American Gods TV Series Fixes One Of The Book's Biggest Problems John Wick: Chapter 2: The Gizmodo Review Smart Home & Gadgets ASUS' GT-AC5300 8-Antenna Router Will Let You Slay Packets With The Best I Threw Away $4.8 Million In Bitcoin Spider-Man: Homecoming's Spider-Drone Is Now A Real Thing, And More Fantastic Toys Of The Week Key Crazy: Inside The Wonderful World Of Keyboard Fanatics Mobile How To Abandon iOS And Switch To Android Twitter Launches Aboriginal And Torres Strait Islander Flag Emojis The Best Value Prepaid Phone Plans In Australia The Best Apps For Hearing The News Before Anyone Else Car Tech Uber And Lyft To Relaunch In Austin After Regulation Spat Tesla's HR Head Is Out Amidst Complaints Over Discrimination And Unsafe Working Conditions Autonomous Cars Must Let Us Wander And Explore Without A Destination In Mind Barcelona Has Some Pretty Cool Cars, And Surprisingly Cool Vans Online Uber CEO Loses His Mother In A Tragic Boating Accident Scenes From Mark Zuckerberg's First Big Stump Speech Comcast Sics Its Legal Team On Net Neutrality Advocates  The Trump Organisation Was Reportedly Hit By Overseas Hackers, Triggering An FBI Probe  Science & Health The Inside Of A Beatboxer's Throat Is A Disgusting Display Of Anatomical Gymnastics Talking Face Paint Tech Shows The Future Of Prisma-Like Apps There Are 'Thousands' Of Bugs Making Pacemakers Vulnerable To Hackers Russian University Lovingly Erects Giant Concrete Monument To Peer Review Cameras Unf, These New Images Of Our Seafloor Are Gorgeous This Photographer Shoots 370km/h Formula One Cars On A Camera From 1913 Pennsylvania's New Body Camera Policy Would Allow Officers Unrestricted Access To Film In Homes Australia Looks Especially Beautiful From The Air In These Award-Winning Drone Photos Computing Your Install Of Windows 7 Or 8.1 Has A File That Will Lock Up Your PC Immediately Deals: Pay What You Want To Learn App Development Here's What Happened When Computers Tried Naming Metal Bands Deals: Learn To Build Your Own Android Apps Gaming Five 'Fun' Board Games About Real Disasters To Remind You We're Completely Doomed Injustice 2 Almost Had A Version Of Static, Milestone Media's Awesome Electric Superhero  Injustice 2 Is A Master Class On How To Do Fan Service Right Xbox Live Gold Members Have Access To 'Game Pass' From Today Entertainment Arrow Star Stephen Amell Flies Through American Ninja Warrior Course A Closer Look At The Backgrounds In Star Wars Final Fantasy Designer Turns The Joker Into A Half-Robot Madman Presenting The Poe Dameron Scale, The Ultimate Star Wars Name-Ranking System Toggle navigation Reviews Camera Reviews Car Reviews Phone Reviews PC Reviews Smartwatch Reviews Gadgets Reviews Gaming Reviews Entertainment Reviews Smart Home & Gadgets Mobile Car Tech Online Science & Health Cameras Computing Gaming Entertainment I Threw Away $4.8 Million In Bitcoin Deals: Pay What You Want To Learn App Development Deals: Learn To Build Your Own Android Apps The ACCC Allows 'NBN Tax' To Be Passed On To Customers How To Abandon iOS And Switch To Android David Nield May 28, 2017, 10:00am ⋅ Filed to:  android apple fieldguide google ios mobile Share Having guided you through the not-all-that-straightforward process of switching from Android to iOS, we're back to tell you how to go in the opposite direction. (Make your mind up will you?) Going from Apple-powered devices to Google's platform is either ridiculously easy or rather taxing, depending on your current setup. Image: Alex Cranz/Gizmodo Do you Google? Good news if you're already heavily invested in the Google ecosystem on your iPhone. You can switch to Android in an hour or two and keep your evening free for seeing friends or browsing Netflix. Otherwise, better cancel those evening plans. Those of you who spend all your time in Gmail, Google Calendar and Google Maps for iOS can simply install those apps on your brand new Android device, sign in using your Google account credentials, and pick up where you left off. The same applies for Google Photos and Google Drive. Google Drive can handle contacts and calendars for you. Image: Google Unlike Apple, Google doesn't have a dedicated app to help you defect to its mobile OS, but it does have a website with a lot of the information you're going to need: essentially you're instructed to use Google Drive to copy over contacts, photos, videos and calendar entries, which we'll cover in more detail below. If you're thinking about switching from iOS to Android in the future, or like to swap mobile OSes on a regular basis, then Google's cloud-centric services make the task much easier — so your best off keeping all your data there. By contrast, the only official Apple app you can get on Android at the moment is Apple Music. Messages and emails Extricating yourself from iMessage is perhaps the biggest challenge facing those jumping ship to Android. iMessage doesn't work on Google's platform, and there's no way to export all your message history into a comparable Android app. You're going to have to say goodbye to iMessage, but you can at least ensure a clean break. As soon as you know you're making the move go into your iOS and navigate to Messages in Settings and turn iMessage off, then go to FaceTime in Settings and turn that off too. Apple's full instructions are here. If you have some precious iMessages or plain old SMSes you can't leave behind, you'll need to rely on third-party software and some rather convoluted processes to back it all up. iSMS2droid promises to import messages from an unencrypted backup you made in iTunes on your computer into Android. If you don't need the backup on your phone, then PhoneView (macOS) and CopyTrans (Windows) are two of many tools that will let you browse your old missives to your heart's content. It's goodbye to iMessage. Image: Screenshot As for emails, Apple's system supports IMAP, so you can carry on checking your iCloud emails through Gmail on Android if you're not having a fresh start and giving up your old email address completely. Tap the drop-down arrow on the Gmail app menu, choose Add account, and follow the configuration instructions provided by Apple. It's the same process if you're using any other kind of email app on your new Android device, like Outlook from Microsoft. The only requirement is that it supports the popular IMAP protocol. You have a couple of other options if putting your iCloud account directly into Gmail doesn't appeal. You can have all your Apple iCloud emails automatically forwarded to your new Gmail address, by going into iCloud Mail on the web and setting up forwarding — you can even delete the originals after they're passed on. Alternatively, you can export all your old emails using Mail on a Mac just in case you ever need them again, then close down your Apple account. Contacts and calendars As long as you just want to make a one-way, one-time switch from iOS to Android, then Google Drive for iOS makes the process of moving contacts and calendars over simple enough. Once you've got the app installed on your iOS device, open the menu then tap Settings and Backup. Choose the data you want to transfer across to the equivalent Google accounts, tap Start Backup and you're on your way — everything from iOS and iCloud gets picked up. Make sure you're on wi-fi, and the iPhone is plugged in during the switchover. Also note, that any previous backups you've done will be overwritten. macOS can help make switching calendars easier. Image: Screenshot If you want a two-way sync, which you might if you're using your Android phone with an Apple laptop, then it's a lot more complicated. The best option, really, is to switch to using Google contacts and calendars as much as you can, and then adding your Google account to the relevant apps in macOS (Add Account from the main app menu in both cases). Even then you need to make sure you're always adding events to the Google calendars (or contacts) and not the iCloud ones for them to show up on your phone. If you absolutely must keep both Google and iCloud services running concurrently, and syncing with each other, then you'll need to put your trust in a third-party app for macOS or Android. Photos and videos Since Google Photos came into the world it's actually pretty easy to get all your personal photos and videos moved over to Android, via Google's servers, as long as they're all still on your iPhone: Install Google Photos for iOS, opt to back everything up, and away you go. You can either pay Google for storage and keep everything at full resolution, or accept some resizing (images max out at 16 MP, videos at 1080p), and store as many photos and videos as you like on the web, free of charge. The process is even more straightforward if you use the Google Drive app as we described in the section above, and Google Photos even supports Live Photos these days, using those extra few frames of animation to create a GIF for you. The only negative is that the albums you've created in iOS don't get copied over (everything appears as one long list of pictures), so you need to create them again. Google Photos can transfer images and videos. (Image: Google) All that is easy enough but if you've got photos in iCloud you've moved off your iPhone then you might have a problem or two on your hands. As we explained in our full guide to the topic of switching between Apple Photos and Google Photos, just about the only option open to you is downloading them all from iCloud to a macOS or Windows machine then uploading them again using a Google Photos client. It's a little convoluted but it's manageable, and it's a lot easier than using the export options in iCloud on the web, which are practically non-existent. If you don't have a computer to act as the middleman between iCloud Photo Library and Google Photos then you're stuck — you'll have to borrow a laptop from someone. Music and movies As we now have Apple Music on Android, getting your iTunes music on your Android device is no longer the exercise in frustration it once was. As far as tunes you've actually purchased directly from iTunes, it's probably the best option out there, though you do need to have signed up for an Apple Music subscription to be able to use the app and get at your purchases. Otherwise, it depends on where your music is and how it's stored. Any plain old MP3s you were syncing to your iPhone from iTunes can be uploaded to Google Play Music instead (50,000 of them can be stored for free), or you can use something like DoubleTwist, which is just about the leading choice if you want to keep on using iTunes alongside Android for your music. If you're signed up for Spotify you just need the Android app. Apple Music, now on Android. Image: Screenshot Likewise, if you've been accessing all your movies and TV shows through Netflix, Plex or Google Play Movies & TV then you just need to find and install the relevant app for Android and you're ready to go. All these services let you stream to multiple devices from a single account, so you can carry on using your iOS device if you need to. However, any videos you've purchased from iTunes won't run on Android at all — there's just no app to do it unless Apple ever gets around to making one. Several tools out there will do the job of removing iTunes DRM for you, but since we're getting into murky legal territory with that, we'll leave you to discover them for yourself. If you've invested hundreds of dollars in an iTunes digital library then you can still watch it on macOS, Windows, and the Apple TV, but not Android. Apps and games Generally speaking, all the apps you use on your iPhone are going to be available on Android as well, though there are a few exceptions — like Overcast and Day One. In terms of paid-for apps, you're going to have to pay for them all again, unfortunately, though something like a Spotify subscription buys you access on both Android and iOS. Whether all your data (from documents to saved games) moves over with you is another matter and worth checking up on before you make the switch. If you're in any doubt, get in touch with the developer directly to see what the situation is (you might be out of luck with anything that relies heavily on the iCloud storage system). Some paid-for iOS games, like Alto's Adventure, are free to play on Android. (Image: Noodlecake Studios Inc) We can't give you a guide to everything out there, but think about your productivity, fitness, and banking apps. Assess how much data is stored locally and what's going to happen to it. If you can, keep your old iPhone and new Android phone running alongside each other for a while until you're certain everything's been moved over successfully without too many bumps in the road. You might not believe it if you've read everything that's above, but moving from iOS to Android is actually much easier than it used to be, thanks mainly to an increased focus on cloud services (even, belatedly, from Apple itself). As long as you take your time, and don't live your life inside iMessage, you don't have to feel daunted by the task. WATCH MORE: Tech News Comments tonyintsv @tonyintsv May 28, 2017, 11:26am You can't. It's too late for the iSheep. Abandon them and concentrate on saving their children! Reply 0 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now I Threw Away $4.8 Million In Bitcoin Campbell Simpson 28 May 2017 7:30 AM Five years ago, I threw away a hard drive. An utterly generic 250GB portable hard drive, already a few years old, with a couple of dings and scratches in its shell and with the beginnings of an audible click that would have eventually killed it. It had a data file containing 1400 Bitcoin on it. No big deal, at the time. Today, those few kilobytes are worth more than four million dollars. Arrow Star Stephen Amell Flies Through American Ninja Warrior Course Beth Elderkin 28 May 2017 11:00 AM Stephen Amell, better known as Green Arrow from CW's Arrow, proved he's not just cosplaying as a powerful vigilante... he's a true American Ninja Warrior. Want Gizmodo's email newsletter? Subscribe Alert me about competitions & deals Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Pay What You Want To Learn App Development Deals: Learn To Build Your Own Android Apps Deals: Fang Around Safely With This Hands-Free Phone Mount Deals: Stop People From Seeing All The Dodgy Stuff You Search Online Trending Articles 1 I Threw Away $4.8 Million In Bitcoin 2 Arrow Star Stephen Amell Flies Through American Ninja Warrior Course 3 How To Abandon iOS And Switch To Android Uber CEO Loses His Mother In A Tragic Boating Accident The Inside Of A Beatboxer's Throat Is A Disgusting Display Of Anatomical Gymnastics Talking Face Paint Tech Shows The Future Of Prisma-Like Apps ASUS' GT-AC5300 8-Antenna Router Will Let You Slay Packets With The Best Over The Years, Violet From Peanuts Was Defined Only By Her Cruelty World Heroes Was A Damn Good Fighting Game We Did A Resident Evil Escape Room And It Was Awesome ASUS' GT-AC5300 8-Antenna Router Will Let You Slay Packets With The Best Everything You Ever Wanted To Know About The Science Of Drinking Dealhacker: Save $15 Or 10% With eBay's Targeted Winter Deals Grab 36 Free O'Reilly Programming eBooks Covering Python, Java And C++ How To Figure Out What's Slowing Your Computer Down Here's everything you should say and do when conducting your first performance review Lobster, cereal, and 6 more everyday words people around the world use to describe money Alarming photos of the uninhabited island that's home to 37 million pieces of trash How to have perfect hygiene -- according to science © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Gizmodo International × Log in to Gizmodo Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Gizmodo User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Gizmodo International Gizmodo US Gizmodo UK Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Brazil Gizmodo Japan Close
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 28 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman “Today at Apple” bringing new experiences to every Apple Store Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s more than 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious CAIR-Oregon to Join Vigil for Victims of Hate Attack on Men Who Defended Muslim Women Next PostNext Apple Dubai Mall opens April 27 Search Recent Posts EQUITY ALERT: Rosen Law Firm Files Securities Class Action Lawsuit Against General Motors Company – GM EQUITY ALERT: Rosen Law Firm Files Securities Class Action Lawsuit Against General Motors Company – GM Getting Vietnam visa at the Embassy is no longer the only option for France passport holders House Fire in Raintree Subdivision 3 Reasons NVIDIA Stock Could Continue Soaring Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 28 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Dubai Mall opens April 27 Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s more than 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious “Today at Apple” bringing new experiences to every Apple Store Next PostNext 3 Reasons NVIDIA Stock Could Continue Soaring Search Recent Posts EQUITY ALERT: Rosen Law Firm Files Securities Class Action Lawsuit Against General Motors Company – GM EQUITY ALERT: Rosen Law Firm Files Securities Class Action Lawsuit Against General Motors Company – GM Getting Vietnam visa at the Embassy is no longer the only option for France passport holders House Fire in Raintree Subdivision 3 Reasons NVIDIA Stock Could Continue Soaring Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
null
null
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 5:54pm Sun 28 May Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Sailing Rugby Golf Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Netball Live Scores Basketball Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews Sideswipe Video Puzzles TV Horoscope Movies Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Queensland Escapes Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Smartwatch finally beating the fitbit 9:13 AM Sunday May 28, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Apple Inc Gadgets Samsung Group Technology Apple Watch overtakes fitness bands as consumers embrace smartwatches smartwatches have finally stolen the lead in wrist-based gadgetry as Apple and Samsung are leaving fitness trackers behind. Smartwatches have finally stolen the lead in wrist-based gadgetry. Photo / 123RF Wearable technology is not just about counting your steps any more. Smartwatches have finally stolen the lead in wrist-based gadgetry, overtaking fitness bands from the likes of Fitbit and Xiaomi. And, just as in smartphones, it's Apple, Samsung, and Google vying for the most sales ... and space on your wrist, according to news.com.au. Former market leader Fitbit is not going down without a fight, however, plotting to deliver its own fully featured smartwatch later this year. The fitness-focused company suffered a serious drop in popularity this year, according to Canalys, plummeting 30 per cent and selling just 2.9 million devices. By comparison, Apple claimed top spot with 3.8 million Apple Watch sales, up 25 per cent on the same time last year. Canalys analyst Jason Low said additional fitness technology, phone features, and even fashionable accessories were making a smartwatch upgrade more attractive to buyers. "Water resistance, Bluetooth music streaming, and built-in GPS are becoming more relevant as runners and other fitness enthusiasts forgo the bulk of a smartphone," he says. "Just as we continue to see feature phone users upgrading to smartphones, basic band users find smartwatches to be a justifiable upgrade because of their additional (features)." Continued below. Related Content Google cozies up to China with AI secrets and an ancient board game Matt Suddain: What will your life be like in 10 years' time? Apple needs the 'iPhone 8' to succeed more than ever Telsyte managing director Foad Fadaghi says Australians bought more than two million wearable gadgets last year, and 37 per cent of those were smartwatches. He predicts that percentage will grow to half of all wearable devices this year at the expense of fitness trackers. One of the biggest drawcards of using a smartwatch in Australia, Fadaghi says, is its ability to be used like a credit card at the checkout. More than half of Apple Watch users have used Apple Pay, according to Telsyte's survey of 1060 Australians, and more than 70 per cent use it often. "Once users get over the initial barrier of raising a smartwatch to a payment terminal, they start to use it regularly, indicating it might be a critical application for smartwatch retention," he says. But Apple is not the only company to see a rise in smartwatch fortunes. Strategy Analytics found Samsung claimed 19 per cent of the smartwatch market between January and March, narrowly beating Google's Android Wear watches for the first time. But even the most pessimistic analysts aren't counting Fitbit out yet. The company is reportedly preparing to launch its own smartwatch in spring, codenamed Higgs, with leaks suggesting it will have a square screen, GPS chip, heart-rate monitor, payment technology, and four days of battery life. Rumours suggest it has struggled to introduce waterproofing and initially had problems with its GPS antenna, however. CCS Insight wearable technology analyst George Jijiashvili says pitting itself against the vast resources of Apple and Google will be a big ask, and Canalys research analyst Mo Jia says Fitbit's smartwatch will need to be something special from day one. "Its new smartwatch will need a good reception if Fitbit is to turn its fortunes around and return to growth in 2017," he says. - news.com.au Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Whangarei's Blair to captain Kiwis Whangarei's Adam Blair will captain the Kiwis rugby league side. Hawke's Bay Today From the MTG: Encompassing inclusion Which stories are told, from whose perspective and to which audiences? Bay of Plenty Times Crash at busy Tauranga intersection Emergency services are at the scene of a crash at one of Tauranga's busiest intersections… Our Features' Top Stories Driven Classic Cars: World’s fastest Austin How many Austins does it take to make a movie-ready replica? Viva Avocado and basil smoothie recipe Start the day with a delicious smoothie to set you in the right frame of mind True Commercial Airport industrials are high flyers Industrial development near Auckland airport has shown the biggest increase in the region… More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production bpcf02 at 28 May 2017 18:48:07 Processing Time: 22ms
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 246% 70% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 113% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 5/27/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 246% 70% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 113% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 5/27/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Here's Why the Best is Yet to Come for Skyworks Solutions, Inc. This Apple supplier could still have room to run after its recent rally. Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) May 27, 2017 at 3:00PM It's been a great year for Skyworks Solutions (NASDAQ:SWKS), which supplies power amplifiers, front-end modules, and RF chips to a wide variety of markets. The company has soundly beat top and bottom line expectations for four straight quarters, and its stock has rallied more than 60% over the past 12 months. But looking ahead, Skyworks could still have room to run for five simple reasons. 1. Apple's upcoming iPhone Skyworks supplies its chips to the mobile, automotive, broadband, wireless infrastructure, home automation, industrial, and military markets. But its biggest customer by far is Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), which contributed 40% of its revenues in fiscal 2016. Image source: Apple. This makes Skyworks a great supply chain play on the upcoming iPhone 8. Stifel Nicolaus analyst Aaron Rakers estimates that Apple will sell 224.7 million iPhones this year and 250.6 million units in 2018 -- which would represent an impressive rebound from its first annual decline in 2016. 2. Content share gains in newer smartphones As the technology in smartphones improves, the number of power amplifiers, front-end modules, and RF chips per device increases. For example, an iFixit teardown of the iPhone 6s revealed two Skyworks components inside, while the iPhone 7 teardown found four components. Just over a year ago, Skyworks reported that it had a content share of $1 to $2 per 3G device, more than $3 per 4G device, and over $5 per "advanced" 4G device. But during last quarter's conference call, CEO Liam Griffin declared that certain high-end 4G devices were "approaching $8 to $10 in value," spurred by the growing use of its SkyOne, DRx technology, and DC/DC technologies. Huawei, in particular, notably packed ten Skyworks modules into its latest Honor smartphones: Image source: Skyworks' Investor Presentation. 3. Better connections equal bigger content share gains The main theme here is that fancier smartphones on faster networks will constantly boost Skyworks' average content share per device. The smartphone market may seem saturated today, but Ericsson (NASDAQ:ERIC) Mobility estimates that the total number of mobile smartphone subscriptions worldwide will still rise from 3.9 billion in 2016 to 6.8 billion in 2022. Within that total, Ericsson expects 4G/LTE subscriptions to rise from 1.9 billion to 4.6 billion, and for 5G subscriptions to grow from nothing today to 540 million. This represents a huge long-term growth opportunity for Skyworks, as smartphone volumes grow and its content share per device increases. 4. The Internet of Things is expanding But over the next few years, Skyworks expects its dependence on Apple and other smartphone makers to wane as the total number of connected devices across the Internet of Things (IoT) surges. Skyworks believes that there will be over 25 billion connected devices worldwide by 2020 -- a figure which would easily dwarf the smartphone market. That growing market includes wearable devices, connected cars, drones, smart speakers, home automation devices, and headsets for augmented and virtual reality applications. Its modules are already used in stand-alone 4G smartwatches like Samsung's Galaxy Gear 3, connected cars like the new Jaguar F-Type, and Alphabet's Google OnHub router and smart home hub. Image source: Skyworks Investor Presentation. 5. Growing margins, profits, and revenues The RF module market generally isn't considered a high-margin one, but Skyworks' gross margins have gradually expanded over the past few years as it scaled up its operations. Source: YCharts That margin expansion, along with robust gains in shipment volumes and content share, are expected to boost the company's top and bottom lines for the foreseeable future. Analysts expect Skyworks' revenue to rise 11% this year and another 10% next year. On the bottom line, its earnings are expected to rise 13% this year and another 14% in fiscal 2018. Should you buy Skyworks today? I previously highlighted Skyworks as one of the best Apple supplier plays on the market, and I still stand by that assessment. It's also a solid long-term play on the Internet of Things market. To top it off, Skyworks' current P/E of 22 is lower than the industry average of 26 for semiconductor makers, and it pays a forward dividend yield of 1.1%. I believe those facts make Skyworks a compelling buy at current prices, but investors should still fully evaluate the risks -- like an unexpected drop in iPhone sales or emerging competitors in the RF space -- before buying any shares.   Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Leo Sun has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A shares), Alphabet (C shares), Apple, and Skyworks Solutions. The Motley Fool has the following options: short November 2017 $95 calls on Skyworks Solutions and short November 2017 $92 puts on Skyworks Solutions. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Leo is a Tech and Consumer Goods Specialist who has covered the crossroads of Wall Street and Silicon Valley since 2012. His wheelhouse includes cloud, IoT, analytics, telecom, and gaming related businesses. Follow him on Twitter for more updates! Follow @TMFSunLion Article Info May 27, 2017 at 3:00PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $153.61 down $0.26 (-0.17%) Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson NASDAQ:ERIC $6.99 down $0.06 (-0.85%) Skyworks Solutions NASDAQ:SWKS $105.89 down $0.15 (-0.14%) Read More Skyworks Solutions Inc. Returns to Growth 3 Top 5G Stocks to Buy and Hold Better Buy: Infinera Corporation vs. Skyworks Solutions 3 Internet of Things Stocks That Could Double Your Money 3 Scorching-Hot Internet of Things Stocks -- Are They Buys? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Here's Why the Best is Yet to Come for Skyworks Solutions, Inc. @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $ERIC, $SWKS
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 246% 70% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 113% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 5/27/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 246% 70% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 113% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 5/27/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Some Great News for Apple Inc.'s iPhone 8 A report from a seemingly credible source indicates that Apple's iPhone 8 will have this ultra-cool feature. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) May 27, 2017 at 1:10PM The early leaks around Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) upcoming iPhone 8 suggested that the company planned to integrate its Touch ID fingerprint scanning technology directly into the phone's display. This integration would allow Apple to retain its much-loved Touch ID technology, while nearly eliminating the bezels on the front of the phone. In recent weeks, however, rumors have circulated that Apple might -- due to manufacturing difficulties related to the in-display Touch ID sensor -- drop this feature, instead opting to either eliminate Touch ID or use a rear-mounted fingerprint scanner on the iPhone 8. Image source: Apple. Per a new report from Economic Daily News, summarized by DigiTimes, Apple will, indeed, go with a fingerprint scanner embedded in the display. What's the source? DigiTimes' summary of the Economic Daily News article says that this information comes from "sources from Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSMC)." Investors may know TSMC as the manufacturer of some of Apple's A9 processors and all its A10 chips found inside of current iPhone models, but TSMC is also believed to be the contract manufacturer for Apple's current Touch ID sensors. Given Apple and TSMC's successful collaboration on Touch ID technology for previous generations of iPhones, it makes sense that the former would continue to work with the latter on future Touch ID technology. Furthermore, since it is likely that TSMC will be manufacturing Apple's next-generation Touch ID sensor technology, it makes sense that individuals working at the contract chip manufacturing giant would know all about the Touch ID technology that'll be used in the iPhone 8. Great news for Apple, if true! If this information is true, then it seems like a clear win for the company. Apple's iPhone 6s-series didn't sell as well as the iPhone 6-series did, and it doesn't look like the current iPhone 7-series will live up to the iPhone 6-series' greatness, either. With the upcoming iPhone 8, Apple has an opportunity to drive iPhone unit shipments and revenue to record highs, as the design is expected to be all-new. While it wouldn't have been impossible for Apple to have a great iPhone 8 cycle with a compromised Touch ID, I do think the lack of Touch ID, or a rear-mounted Touch ID, would have turned quite a few potential buyers off from buying the device. Not only is a Touch ID sensor embedded directly into the display likely to be much more pleasant to use than a rear-mounted Touch ID sensor, but such integration would be a really "cool" feature that increases the sense of technological wonder of the new device. Remember that while smartphones have become so integrated into many of our lives that they've virtually become necessary products to own, Apple must both convince current iPhone users to upgrade to newer iPhones, as well as try to get owners of Android smartphones to want to switch to the iPhone. With Touch ID integrated into the display, coupled with all the other rumored features and design changes that'll be coming to the iPhone 8, there seems to stand a good chance of driving Apple's iPhone revenue to new heights after a few disappointing product cycles.   Ashraf Eassa has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached on Twitter -- follow him there: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info May 27, 2017 at 1:10PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $153.61 down $0.26 (-0.17%) Read More How to Buy Apple Stock, and Why You Should Want To This Apple Inc. Watch Competitor Totally Failed This Apple Inc. iPhone Rumor Sounds Sketchy Rumor: Apple Inc. to Kill the iPad Mini Report: Apple Inc. Could Launch New 10.5-Inch iPad at WWDC Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Some Great News for Apple Inc.'s iPhone 8 @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL
Digital Trends Home > Mobile > Weekly Rewind: 'Game of Thrones' is… Weekly Rewind: 'Game of Thrones' is coming, 'Twin Peaks' returns, Bond's best rides By Lulu Chang — Updated May 27, 2017 9:32 am Subscribe Share Helen Sloan/HBO Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends Get today's popular Digital Trends articles in your inbox: A lot can happen in a week when it comes to tech. The constant onslaught of news makes it nigh impossible for mere mortals with real lives to keep track of everything. That’s why we’ve compiled a quick and dirty list of this week’s top 10 tech stories, from the best of James Bonds’ cars to the future of the Apple MacBook — it’s all here. Apple joins the race to 5G, applies to test experimental technology Just about every major mobile carrier in the United States is hard at work on 5G wireless technology in advance of its launch (hopefully) in a few years’ time. Meanwhile, device makers have to be sure their products will be ready for the network when that day comes. Apple is seeking permission to begin testing 5G technologies for that very purpose, according to a report from Business Insider. Although 5G specifications have not been entirely hammered out yet, we know the FCC approved the 28GHz and 39GHz bands for commercial 5G use last year. These are the same ones mentioned by Apple in its testing application. The 28GHz band, specifically, is meant for ground-to-space transmission, and Apple has reportedly hired engineers with experience developing satellites ahead of testing. Read the full story here. Sir Roger Moore, the longest-serving James Bond actor, has died Roger Moore, the actor with the longest run as British superspy James Bond, has died at age 89. The news of Moore’s death was confirmed by his children — Deborah, Geoffrey, and Christian — in a statement posted on Twitter. The actor’s death was attributed to cancer, and his family indicated that he died Tuesday, May 23, in Switzerland.  Born in South London in 1927, Moore was the oldest actor to take on the role of Ian Fleming’s famous secret agent. Already well-known to American television audiences due to his featured roles in the medieval adventure series Ivanhoe, the Western series Maverick (in which he replaced James Garner during the show’s fourth season), and the popular British series The Saint (which became a hit in syndication in the United States), Moore began his run as James Bond in 1973’s Live and Let Die at the age of 46. Read the full story here. The world’s largest floating solar power plant just went online in China China has announced that the largest floating photovoltaic (PV) facility on earth has finally been completed and connected to the local power grid. Long reviled for its carbon emission record, this is the Chinese government’s latest achievement in its ongoing effort to lead the world in renewable energy adoption. Located in the city of Huainan in the Anhui province, the 40-megawatt facility was created by PV inverter manufacturer Sungrow Power Supply Co. Ironically, the floating grid itself was constructed over a flooded former coal-mining region. Read the full story here. Would Apple dare kill the MacBook? Yeah, it might What if Apple announced the Mac’s retirement? A huge swath of the company’s devotees would be furious … but is it truly an impossible scenario? To many, the MacBook has long been the gold standard for luxury laptop computers. But as Apple’s business interests continue to change over time, the importance of the device’s established user base has become less and less relevant to the company. Apple has enjoyed incredible success thanks to the iPhone and several other wildly popular products — and as a result, the company is poised to do whatever is deemed best for its long-term future. Few of its rivals would kill off such a cash cow, but Apple has no fear of making bold moves forward, even when it means leaving some of its fans behind. Read the full story here. 10 of the most incredible vehicles James Bond has ever driven Vodka martinis. Perfectly tailored suits. The Walther PPK pistol. There are countless examples of iconic imagery sprinkled throughout the James Bond saga, but perhaps none is more memorable than 007’s choice of transportation. During his lengthy tenure at MI6, Mr. Bond and his adversaries have had the pleasure of driving a wide array of vehicles, ranging from stunning Aston Martins to weaponized submarines to combat aircraft. Then there were some have embraced the oft campy nature of the British spy films, and it is those automotive oddities that we’d like to focus on here. Read the full story here. B&O Play gets crafty with its newest product, a music-infused beer Danish audio experts B&O Play, quirky fun-loving sister company to the more serious Bang & Olufsen, has revealed a new music product. It’s not a Bluetooth speaker, nor a pair of gorgeous headphones. It’s a beer. Not just any beer, but one infused with music played through the Beoplay A1 speaker. Don’t check your calendar, it really is the end of May, and not April 1. Now that we’ve established this isn’t a joke (at least, we don’t think it is), here’s what you should know about what’s being called the Beobrew. B&O Play worked with craft brewery Mikkeller to investigate the effect music has on how beer tastes. We imagine a fair amount of beer was consumed before this question was asked in the first place. To find out, a Beoplay A1 speaker was connected to a classic third-generation iPod Nano, and submerged into a fermenting tank over the course of a two-week period. Read the full story here. ‘Game of Thrones’ season 7 is coming! Here is everything we know so far Being a Game of Thrones fan has required extra patience this year. After eschewing the usual production schedule to get the right weather to finally allow winter to come to Westeros, the show’s season 7 premiere was pushed back until summer. In the meantime, we’ve had to obsess over any and all pieces of information we can find. The season is going to be a crazy one — even for Game of Thrones — as the stakes have never been higher now that the series finale just 13 episodes away. There are already interesting storylines in progress, from Cersei Lannister (Lena Headey) seating herself on the Iron Throne to Daenerys Targaryen (Emilia Clarke) coming to make her claim on the crown on the backs of her dragons. The great game could play out in so many ways, and it is going to be fascinating to watch it develop. Prepare yourself with everything we know so far — but be warned that there are spoilers ahead. Read the full story here. World’s Smallest Garden lets you grow fresh herbs in the most cramped apartment Want to eat more fresh ingredients? Wish you could spend the Memorial Day weekend tending your very own garden? A new Kickstarter project may be able to help with both of these desires. Billing itself as the World’s Smallest Garden, it promises to bring the joy of gardening to your home — even if you live in a tiny, top-floor apartment where the closest thing to wild vegetation is the leftover stir-fry in your fridge. The World’s Smallest Garden is a small cylindrical device you place in the top of a regular bottle, transforming it into a self-watering herb garden in seconds. Read the full story here. New ‘Twin Peaks’ episodes answer some ancient questions, pose many new ones There is a certain humor in Twin Peaks devoting one of the first scenes of its revival to a man staring at a glass box, waiting for something, anything to appear in it. Like the audience, that man — Sam Colby (Ben Rosenfield) — stares at the box, unsure how long he must wait for something to happen. David Lynch, back in the director’s chair, takes his time with the scene, with long cuts back and forth between Sam and the box, the only sound a faint hum. The buzz of an intercom, piercing the silence, gives a greater jolt than most horror movies could hope to. In the age of on-demand shows and binge watching, Lynch establishes that these new episodes of Twin Peaks will not provide quick satisfaction. These first two installments wander from place to place, story to story, briefly visiting old characters and introducing new ones. In New York, Sam maintains his vigil over the box. In South Dakota, police find the severed head of librarian Ruth Davenport in her bed, a scene that hearkens back to Lynch’s Mulholland Drive. And back in the town of Twin Peaks, Deputy Chief Hawk (Michael Horse) looks into a cold case: the disappearance of Special Agent Dale Cooper. Read the full story here.
Digital Trends Home > Apple > Apple is reportedly working on a dedicated AI… Apple is reportedly working on a dedicated AI processor for its devices By Christian de Looper — Updated May 26, 2017 7:32 pm Share Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends Get today's popular Digital Trends articles in your inbox: Why it matters to you Apple is working on a chip designed specifically for artificial intelligence, which means your iPhone could soon learn a whole lot quicker than it already does. Apple is looking to expand its horizons, and it seems as though those horizons could soon include more artificial intelligence. According to a report from Bloomberg, the company is working on a chip designed specifically for artificial intelligence. The chip is reportedly known internally as Apple Neural Engine, and will essentially improve how devices like the iPhone handle tasks that might otherwise need human intelligence to work properly. In other words, your iPhone could soon learn a whole lot quicker than it already does. Artificial intelligence is becoming increasingly important, but the likes of Amazon and Google seem to have gotten a head start on Apple. This new chip, however, could push Apple’s products onto the cutting edge of artificial intelligence technology — and could also power other new technologies, such as augmented reality and self-driving cars. There’s no word yet on when the chip could be officially unveiled — but when it doe,s it will go up against other, similar products that companies have already unveiled. Qualcomm’s latest Snapdragon chips, for example, do have a dedicated module specifically for artificial intelligence, while Google has the Tensor Processing Unit, which works in Google’s own data centers to power some of its new services with built-in artificial intelligence. It’s possible aspects of Apple’s new AI chip could be discussed at its Worldwide Developers Conference, which is coming in early June. If not, the company may still talk about AI in general, especially considering how important the concept has become for large tech companies over the past few years. Apple will unveil iOS 11, its latest and greatest mobile operating system, at the show, along with a new version of macOS, its computer operating system. We’ll have to wait and see if Apple does eventually unveil an AI-specific chip — but one thing is for sure: AI will continue to be a major focus for Apple and other tech companies for the foreseeable future.
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars TECH Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable MORE Entertainment Science Health Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars Tech   Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable More   Entertainment Science Health Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Apple opens flagship Singapore store, its first retail outlet in Southeast Asia Adam Westlake - May 27, 2017 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Saturday saw the official opening of Apple‘s new retail store in Singapore, also marking the first Apple Store to open in Southeast Asia. Officially known as Apple Orchard Road, the store is the latest of Apple’s next-generation retail stores, feature design elements like a large, all-glass front, open spaces to be used for community-focused events such as Today at Apple, tree planters inside, and custom wood furniture. The store’s design and interior were first revealed earlier this week when Apple finally had the barricades removed after months of work. At 10:00 AM on Saturday the store was opened to the public, with a significant crowd waiting outside. Apple’s senior vice president of retail, Angela Ahrendts, was present at the opening to welcome visitors and take part in the celebration with staff. An unbelievable morning on Orchard Road. So touched by the warmth and passion of everyone who joined us today. #AppleOrchardRoad pic.twitter.com/wYi9jVG9k9 — Angela Ahrendts (@AngelaAhrendts) May 27, 2017 After spending almost two years in the planning stages, Apple Orchard Road has come to life as two-story outlet featuring a curved staircase that features design elements borrowed from the new Apple Park headquarters in Cupertino. Upstairs guests will find the Genius Grove and gathering area for Today at Apple sessions, while the bottom floor has plenty of tables showcasing the company’s many products and accessories. The @Apple store at Orchard Road opened its doors to the public on Saturday (May 27) at 10am. https://t.co/R7c3HyUhHn pic.twitter.com/crj3seNcmU — TODAY (@TODAYonline) May 27, 2017 Part of Apple’s goal with redesigning their stores is to change the public’s perception of the locations as simply places to buy Apple products. Ahrendts has said that they want Apple stores to be viewed more as meeting spots, much like Starbucks, or as places where interesting events take place, with friends wanting to check it out together. Secretive and apparently delayed, Southeast Asia's first Apple Store – Apple Orchard Road – opens today pic.twitter.com/1MgF21eg6B — レイチェル (@tegamiRN) May 27, 2017 Loving the new Orchard Road Apple Store 🍎 pic.twitter.com/GpcpxwhtUD — Michael Flux (@michaelflux) May 27, 2017 VIA MacRumors Story Timeline Apple will open its first South Korean retail store What is "Today at Apple"? Apple launches 'How to Shoot on iPhone 7' photography how-to series Apple buys machine learning specialists Lattice Data for $200M Tim Cook himself is testing the new Apple Watch's huge medical feature Apple's streaming WWDC 2017 keynote is June 5th: How to watch Tags AppleApple StoreBusinessretail Must Read Bits & Bytes Pokemon GO Unown event : legendary keys and clues! Three months with the Nintendo Switch Surface Pro 4 vs Surface Pro: Is it worth the upgrade? BMW Concept 8 Series previews a stunning luxury coupe comeback Ninety7 Vaux Review: Echo Dot speaker-battery cuts Alexa’s cord Latest Headlines Tidal loses third CEO, now looking for fourth within two years May 27, 2017 Google Photo Books can now be designed and ordered on iOS & Android May 27, 2017 Snapchat buys California drone maker Ctrl Me Robotics May 27, 2017 British Airways suffers major system failure, cancels numerous flights May 27, 2017 Google’s AlphaGo AI to retire after beating world’s best player May 27, 2017 Latest Reviews Kangaroo Mobile Desktop Pro Review: a tiny battery-powered Windows 10 PC May 24, 2017 Ninety7 Vaux Review: Echo Dot speaker-battery cuts Alexa’s cord May 24, 2017 Garmin VIRB 360 camera review: rugged, simple, powerful May 24, 2017 2017 Porsche 718 Cayman S Review: Brave new turbocharged world May 23, 2017 Samsung Galaxy Book 12 Review: A premium 2-in-1 with a price to match May 23, 2017 Search © 2005-2017 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Our Report covers Major Patent Troller Uniloc Filing 3 Lawsuits against Apple and a Video taking a Peek at the 'Patent Scam' Industry | Main May 27, 2017 Major Tech & Industrial Companies Race to Acquire AI Startups as the AI Revolution Draws Nigh   It was just yesterday that we posted a report titled "Apple's advances in AI Continue to Surface at a Record Pace as news of a 'Neural Engine' Chip now Emerges." Two weeks ago we posted a report titled "AI Wars are almost reaching Fever Pitch with new Home Devices and Apple Fans look to WWDC 2017 for Apple's Response." One of Reuters latest reports makes the same point about the activity surrounding AI in the tech sector.   A new Reuters report quotes a statement by research firm CB Insights about the AI frenzy: "A total of 34 artificial intelligence startups were acquired in the first quarter of this year, more than twice the amount of activity in the year-ago quarter. Tech giants seeking to reinforce their leads in artificial intelligence or make up for lost ground have been the most aggressive buyers. Alphabet Inc's Google has acquired 11 AI startups since 2012, the most of any firm, followed by Apple, Facebook and Intel respectively."   The companies noted in the report declined to comment on their acquisition strategies. A spokesman for Apple did confirm the company's recent purchase of Lattice Data, a startup that specializes in working with unstructured data.   Apple is focused mainly on the retail/consumer sector while AI is ripping through all sectors of technology. Nvidia's Tesla P100 AI GPU was just adopted by IBM who see's this GPU as a game changer for the AI revolution.   Intel is going full tilt into into AI and made one of their largest acquisitions ever to gain Israel's Mobileye for autonomous vehicles. And the Reuters report today points to Ford Motor spending a billion dollars on Argo AI, founded by former executives on self-driving teams ag Google and Uber Technologies.   Large acquisitions aside, Apple never talks about their plans or projects. We know for a fact that they have a Project Titan team resides in Ottawa Canada in an industrial park that houses a research team from BlackBerry developing an autonomous vehicle OS and Apple is hiring as many of BlackBerry engineers that they can for their carOS efforts. You can't be developing an carOS for autonomous vehicles without a connection to AI. So while we don't know at what stage Apple is at, it's assured that one of their AI projects is related to Project Titan. One of their major AI acquisitions was Vocal IQ, a company that had a major focus on a digital assistant designed for the autonomous car.   I remember the unveiling of Apple's iPhone in 2007 which set off the mobile revolution which was an amazing time to see unfold. The AI revolution is not yet here. All we see is the preparation for the AI revolution, but for now it's just tiny baby steps coming to market in the form of Home devices and elementary digital assistants.   So many industries are banking on the coming 5G networks to help ignite the revolution and that's only three years away. So time will tell if that's when the starting gun for the AI Revolution truly fires.Yet whenever it does, we'll get to behold one of the most interesting times in history unfold. The AI revolution will of course dwarf the mobile revolution in shear scope covering every major market sector from the consumer, to the enterprise, to vehicles, to home automation, robotics and far beyond. It's a wonderful time to be alive.  For more on this, read the new Reuters report titled "Acquisitions accelerate as tech giants seek to build AI smarts."   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.       Posted by Jack Purcher on May 27, 2017 at 12:07 PM in 5. Apple News | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts Our Report covers Major Patent Troller Uniloc Filing 3 Lawsuits against Apple and a Video taking a Peek at the 'Patent Scam' Industry Two Older Apple Office Buildings in Cupertino were Temporarily Evacuated due to a Gas Leak Apple Opened their First Singapore Store Today with 237 Staff and Angela Ahrendts Greeting Happy Customers Apple's advances in AI Continue to Surface at a Record Pace as news of a 'Neural Engine' Chip now Emerges The Case about the Downing of an Air Egypt Flight related to Apple Devices is still ongoing with Apple not Involved The May Cover of the 'The New Yorker' Magazine was designed on an iPad Pro by Artist Jorge Colombo The Full Universal Secure Registry Lawsuit against Apple and Visa over the Apple Pay System is now Revealed TSMC Executive Says they're testing 7nm Chips for 12 Top Customers & will Ramp up Production in H2 2018 IDC's Five Year Forecast See's Notebooks and Detachables as Growth Areas, Desktops and Tablets in Steady Decline Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. Apple News 6A - Rumors, Supply Chain + 6B. Non-Apple Reports, Editorials, Opinons 7. Apple / Market Statistics 8. Apple Events & Financial News 9. 3D, Siri, Facial/Audio Biometrics Apple Accessories Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple Macs Apple Pay Apple Pencil + Apple Store Apple Watch AppleTV Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Haptics, Sensors & Tactile Maps/Indoor Mapping + Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Software + OS Wireless Charging See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
International Search Search TeslaTesla Wants You to Know Its Model 3 Isn’t as Good as the Model S SprigSprig Is the Latest Meal Delivery Service to Shut Down GoogleGoogle Claims Reporting Wage Data in Gender Suit Is Just Too Hard jared kushnerH.R. McMaster ‘Not Concerned’ Over Jared Kushner Back-Channel Reports Drones Why the World’s Best Consumer Drones Aren’t Just “Made in China,” They’re Designed and Developed There Too Clay Chandler May 27, 2017 I try not to get drawn into debates about whether Chinese companies can innovate. It's a ridiculous question and invites nasty stereotypes. Plus, if I hear one more genius invoke the iPad to justify his claim of American tech superiority I think my head will explode. You probably know the argument I mean. It goes: Sure, the iPad is manufactured in China but that doesn't matter because Americans design such awesome devices and brilliant operating systems that they add most of the value and capture most of the profit. (You'll find data to support the Apple "value-added" argument here and here.) I don't deny Apple's success. But it doesn't prove Chinese companies can't innovate, or that there aren't a lot of advantages to being heavily involved in both the design and manufacture of your products. Consider the case of another increasingly popular electronic gadget: consumer drones. In that category, the global leader isn't from Silicon Valley or any other Western economy. It's a Shenzhen-based company called Da-Jiang Innovations Science and Technology Co. (DJI). DJI claims 70% of the world’s market for drones. Sales surged 60% to $1.4 billion in 2016. DJI's financial backers include Accel Partners, and its latest funding-round gives the little known firm a valuation of $10 billion. This week DJI bolstered its already formidable lead in consumer drones by introducing Spark, a new model mini-drone that is as small as a soda can, can be controlled by hand gestures, and costs less than $500. As recently as two years ago, there were half a dozen companies competing to produce drones in a price and performance format that would appeal to mainstream consumers. Among them: Parrot, a 22 year-old French electronics manufacturer; Lily Robotics, a San Francisco-based drone startup; and GoPro, the popular maker of portable action cameras. Parrot surrendered in January, announcing it would eliminate two-thirds of the positions in its drone division. Lily, founded in 2013, released a dazzling video in mid-2015 touting a camera drone that would follow you around and could be launched simply by tossing it into the air. The video attracted millions of viewers, raised $15 million in funding, and sold more than $34 million in pre-orders. But the company ran into production difficulties and burned through all its cash. In January 2017, Lily shut down without shipping a single unit. british airwaysBritish Airways Cancels Flights After Global Computer Outage DroneNew Senate Drone Bill Would Give Power to States and Local Governments White HouseTrump Administration Proposal Would Let Police Track and Destroy Drones DroneDJI’s New Drone Is as Small as a Soda Can and Costs $500 PointCloudBill Gates and Paul Allen Invest More Money in Autonomous Tech Startup DroneYou No Longer Have to Register Your Drone DroneHere’s What Happens When a Drone Falls On Your Head PointCloudGoPro Tops Wall Street Expectations But Losses Widen GoPro had a well-known brand and a solid following among outdoor adventurers. In 2015, GoPro executives announced plans to release an small, affordable drone called the Karma by spring of 2016. But the release had to be pushed back until November and then, only days before launch, delayed again because malfunctions caused the Karma drones to lose power and fall from the sky. Karma was eventually released in February. DJI was founded in 2006 by Frank Wang, a Hangzhou native studying engineering at Hong Kong University of Science and Technology. Its first product, the Phantom quadcopter released in 2013, was for enthusiasts and professional photographers. Late last year, the company launched a smaller, more portable consumer drone called the Mavic Pro that was priced under $1000 and delivered on features rivals had only promised. The Mavic Pro can fly for about 30 minutes on a single battery charge and has a range of 7 kilometers. It offers a 4K video and yet is is small enough to fold up and put in a book bag. The best thing about the Mavic is its unique software that enables it to detect obstacles mid-air and avoid crashes, and automatically return to "base" if runs low on power. The product drew rave reviews from customers. This essay was originally published in our CEO Daily Newsletter. Subscribe. DJI executives cite their location with the manufacturing ecosystem of southern China's Pearl River delta as critical to their success. The company has its own manufacturing facilities. Engineers can test prototypes in neighboring facilities, speeding product development. DJI can recruit from a large pool of engineering talent. They can't imagine trying to manage all that from a research park half a world away. Spark, the new mini-drone, is a classic example of Chinese innovation. It has a range of only 2-kilometers and can stay aloft for just 16 minutes. But it offers many of the same software features as the Mavic, and can be controlled by hand gestures, a big plus for beginners. (Read TIME's Spark review here.) Spark's rollout prompted analysts at the Motley Fool to declare: "GroPro's Karma is Now Dead in the Water." Smug assumptions about China's "inability" to innovate deserve a similar fate. Clay Chandler @claychandler clay.chandler@timeinc.com Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Poll: Will you buy the iPhone 8 with or without embedded Touch ID, or will you wait? Trending in Apple Opinion: Is Microsoft leading Apple in PC innovation, or is it all gimmickry? Trending in Apple Comment: Google and ASUS provide a glimpse of the AR features we might see in the iPhone 8 Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? May 26 AAPL: 153.61 -0.26 Tips for working out with Apple Watch Zac Hall - May. 26th 2017 8:51 am PT @apollozac Apple Watch View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple Watch is an excellent fitness tracker and has proved to be an effective workout coach for me personally. If you want to get outside more over the three-day weekend or just use your Apple Watch in new ways for the first time, read along for a few of my favorite tips for working out with Apple Watch. Sony A6500 Hey Siri, start an outdoor walk Starting a workout session from Apple Watch with your voice using Siri is the easiest way to get up and go without much effort. You can activate Siri on Apple Watch by holding down the Digital Crown on the side, or just raise your wrist and say “Hey Siri” when the display is on to activate it. Siri can start specific workouts like a timed outdoor run or a specific distance outdoor walk by saying “Hey Siri, start a 30 minute outdoor run” or “Hey Siri, start a 2 mile outdoor walk.” If you just tell Siri to start a specific workout without specifying a time, distance, or calorie goal, Apple Watch will just start that workout session with an open goal too. Log your workouts to get full credit Using Siri is one of the easiest ways to start a workout, but why should you even take that step? Apple Watch is an all-day activity tracker after all, right? Starting a specific workout actually keeps the heart rate sensor fired up so you get precise measurements for the duration of your activity, and specifying which activity you’re doing helps Apple Watch know how to measure your movements. Apple Watch can more accurately measure your activity if it knows that you’re using the elliptical or running on a treadmill versus outdoors. For outdoor activities including swimming and cycling, Apple Watch will even use GPS data when available to map distance and movement more accurately. Should you bring your iPhone? Apple Watch Series 2 features a built-in GPS for accurately tracking outdoor running, walking, cycling, and swimming, but you can use GPS to accurately track outdoor runs, walks, and bike rides on the first-gen Apple Watch and Apple Watch Series 1 as well. Just bring your iPhone and Apple Watch will rely on its GPS for location tracking. Even Apple Watch Series 2 falls back to the iPhone GPS when tracking an outdoor workout when present. Personally, I enjoy outdoor runs with just my Apple Watch Series 2 and not my iPhone for the most focused experience, but for now that means no access to phone calls and text messages with no cellular connection. Save battery on long workouts Apple Watch battery life will usually get you through about a day and a half before you need to recharge, but firing up the heart rate monitor for an extended period of time can be a big hit to battery percentage. Apple offers two options for extending battery life on long workouts. The first option is to use Workout Power Saving Mode, but Apple notes that this will make tracking how many calories you’re burning less accurate. This mode disables the heart rate sensor for walking and running workouts to preserve battery. You can find this option in the Watch app on iPhone from the My Watch tab under General → Workout Power Saving Mode. The other option is to pair a dedicated Bluetooth heart rate sensor to Apple Watch. This offloads heart rate data collection to the external sensor so Apple Watch doesn’t have to fire its sensor up during the workout. The downside is cost and convenience. I occasionally use the Polar H7 Bluetooth Heart Rate Sensor which goes for around $55, but I generally just start a workout with Apple Watch alone for the convenience. You can pair a Bluetooth heart rate sensor by going to Settings → Bluetooth → Health Devices on Apple Watch. Bring your music along You don’t have to think much about how to bring your music along if you workout with your iPhone nearby, but the same isn’t true for Apple Watch. You can sync music from iTunes or Apple Music to Apple Watch for offline playback, but you’ll probably want to plan ahead the night before for the best experience. Syncing music to Apple Watch takes several steps which I’ve detailed here, but playback is easy once you sync a playlist full of songs to your Apple Watch. Once you have your music synced to Apple Watch, the most important thing to remember is that you’ll need wireless headphones. Any Bluetooth earphones will pair to Apple Watch and enable music playback without iPhone. Personally, I use Apple AirPods for music playback on my outdoor runs but stock is still backordered 6 weeks for new customers. BeatsX wireless in-ear headphones have the same benefits of instant pairing and go for $149.95 which is $10 less than AirPods. Powerbeats3 wireless in-ear headphones also feature instant pairing to Apple Watch and usually retail for $199.95 or less. Prior to AirPods, I used a pair of Bluetooth earphones called JAM Transit that retail for $39.99 and currently go for $21.73 for Amazon Prime members. Two more tips for music playback during workouts: you can adjust the volume by spinning the Digital Crown on the Apple Watch when the Music app is open, and you can double-click to jump between the current and previous app on Apple Watch to quickly go from Workout to Music during an exercise. Customize your metrics You can also personalize which metrics Apple Watch shows you for specific workouts. Open the Watch app on iPhone, then go to Workout → Workout View to find plenty of options for customizing which metrics are displayed during a session. You can customize metrics for each available activity and even pick between displaying each metric or only a single metric which can be changed from the Digital Crown during a workout. A lot of my workouts involve trying to hit a calorie goal so I typically make sure calories are displayed for each workout. You can use third-party apps, too You don’t have to use Apple’s Workout app to track your activity on Apple Watch. I log all my running activity with Nike+ Run Club which works similar to Apple’s run tracking capabilities in the Workout app but includes the NRC community as well. Strava, Runkeeper, and MapMyRun are other examples of popular fitness tracking apps that work with the Apple Watch. You can find more workout apps from the Watch app on iPhone under the App Store tab within the Health & Fitness category. Several apps will even let you start sessions with Siri just like Apple’s Workout app. Check out 9to5Mac on YouTube for more Apple Watch tips! Zac Hall @apollozac Zac covers Apple news and product reviews for 9to5Mac, contributes to 9to5Google, and hosts the weekly 9to5Mac Happy Hour podcast. Favorite Gear Nanoleaf Aurora DJI Phantom 4 Sonos Play:5 Guides Apple Watch View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Poll: Will you buy the iPhone 8 with or without embedded Touch ID, or will you wait? Trending in Apple Opinion: Is Microsoft leading Apple in PC innovation, or is it all gimmickry? Trending in Apple Comment: Google and ASUS provide a glimpse of the AR features we might see in the iPhone 8 Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? May 26 AAPL: 153.61 -0.26 9to5Toys Last Call: Apple Watch Series 2 $70 off, iPad mini 4 $300, Mophie Juice Pack for iPhone 7/Plus $50, more Trevor Daugherty - May. 26th 2017 9:29 am PT @trevorjd14 Deals View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Keep up with the best gear and deals on the web by signing up for the 9to5Toys Newsletter. Also, be sure to check us out on: Twitter, RSS Feed, Facebook, Google+ and Safari push notifications. TODAY’S CAN’T MISS DEALS: Last Call Updates: Best Memorial Day Sales 2017: Apple Watch, apparel, home goods, more Review: Logitech’s Z537 Speaker System gives your Mac the audio it deserves [Video] AmazonBasics Clear Case for iPhone 7 under $2 (Reg. $9) How-to build your very own LEGO fidget spinner Super Phantom Cat platformer now free on the App Store (Reg. $1) Lenovo Chromebook w/ touchscreen, USB-C & 4GB RAM for $350 (Orig $600) Stanley 16-Ounce FatMax Nailing Hammer $16 + more tool deals Yale Touchscreen Z-Wave Deadbolt w/ Alexa control for $128 (Orig. $245) Green Deals: Ryobi 40V 16-inch Cordless Lawn Mower $179, more 9to5Rewards: Sphero’s Star Wars BB-8 smartphone-controlled droid [Giveaway] Netgear Nighthawk AC1750 Smart 802.11ac Wi-Fi Router for $89 shipped (Reg. $109) Homsecure alerts your iOS/Android device when your existing smoke alarms go off Aukey 150W Power Inverter w/ Outlet and USB Port only $10 Smacircle S1 eBike fits in your backpack to make storage a breeze Best Buy Memorial Day Sale: $70 off Apple Watch Series 2, iPad mini 4 $300, more! Mophie Juice Pack Battery for iPhone 7/Plus for $50 shipped (Reg. $99) Apple’s Great Games for $1 Sale: BADLAND, Assassin’s Creed, many more Apple’s 9.7-inch iPad Pro gets $124 discount, priced from $475 Best Buy is clearing out official Apple Watch Sport Bands, starting at $34 (or less) Apple 13-inch MacBook Air 256GB gets a $279 discount to $920 shipped Status Audio HD One over-ear headphones drop to just $28 shipped today Assassin’s Creed Identity for iOS drops to just $1 (Reg. $5) Multiponk’s local iOS multiplayer free for first time in years (Reg. $3) Minimalist iOS puzzler Klocki goes free for first time in nearly a year Lumino City’s handcrafted worlds drop to lowest price ever at $1 (Reg. $5) Mini Metro’s fantastic puzzle action hits lowest price this year at $1 (Reg. $5) Infinity Blade trilogy now down to just $1 each on iOS (Reg. up to $7) The Amazing Spider-Man 2 is now just $1 on the App Store (Reg. $7) Crazy Taxi’s wild iOS arcade racing now free for first time in years (Reg. $5) Cartoon Network’s iOS RPG Attack the Light hits lowest price in years: $1 (Reg. $3) 9to5Rewards: Twelve South Action Sleeve for Apple Watch [Giveaway] MORE NEW GEAR FROM TODAY: Smartphone Accessories: 2-Pack Anker Screen Protectors for iPhone 7/Plus $4, more Bang & Olufsen’s Beoplay A1 Portable Bluetooth Speaker now $208 Status Audio HD One over-ear headphones drop to just $28 shipped today Memorial Day Magazine Sale from under $5/yr: Wired, ESPN, Dwell, GQ, more Twelve South’s sleek Compass 2 stand for iPad Pro/Air/mini $30 (25% off) Today’s Best iOS & Mac Game/App Deals: Samurai II, 3D Pool, more Today’s Best Game Deals: XCOM 2 $25, AC Collection from $20, more Dyson AM08 Bladeless Pedestal Fan for $144 (cert. refurb, Orig. $350) SanDisk Cruzer Glide 256GB USB 2.0 Flash Drive for $35 (Reg. $55+) Daily Deals: Brother All-In-One Inkjet Printer w/ AirPrint $40, more Amazon has this 22-inch Husqvarna Lawn Mower on sale for $288, today only Twelve South TimePorter for Apple Watch now $40 (Reg. $50) Verizon offers a $50 Visa Gift Card w/ purchase of the new Samsung Gear 360 VR Star Trek Enterprise: The Complete Series on Blu-ray for $50 (Reg. $75) at Amazon Google Home $99 (Reg. $129) for first time Express shoppers HD Movies to own for $5 at Amazon: Pan, Good Will Hunting, Termintator 2, more Ninja Nutri Bowl Blender hits Amazon all-time low at $80 shipped (Reg. $100+) Grab a Moto Z Play for $6/mo, or Droid at $10/mo at Best Buy NEW PRODUCTS & MORE: DEWALT overhauls Bluetooth Connect system w/ new tools, trackers, more Gogoro’s second gen electric scooter has a lower price, same power Pokemon’s Magikarp Jump splashes onto iOS and Android for worldwide release Makerball is a DIY Pinball Machine that is completely customizable IK Multimedia debuts new beast Mac synth w/ Moog, Prophet, Oberheim sampler-instruments 8Bitdo rolls out free Nintendo Switch support for all its retro-style controllers Two:35 is a computer building kit for kids that can actually get them certification DJI’s new $499 Spark drone offers gesture controls, compact design [Gallery] Sphero unveils iOS-controlled Lightning McQueen racer for $300 BIKI is an underwater 4K camera drone that can go wherever you swim Belkin intros new line of compact Pocket Power banks starting at $20 Ambi Climate returns with its second generation Alexa-enabled air conditioner controller Haikara smartwatch focuses on fashion with customizable watch faces and bands This Vintage Vinyl Bluetooth Speaker is actually made out of reclaimed records Beyond Zero’s liquor freezer puts your cocktail “in the rocks” NikeLab releases urban commuter, all-condition ACG.07.KMTR Monoprice is now making a professional quality 3D Printer at just $159 Love Hultén’s new vintage-inspired mahogany Astovox Hi-Fi System Atomos Ninja Inferno: A great way to speed up your Panasonic GH5 workflow [Video] LEGO’s latest is a massive 2,800-piece Minecraft Mountain Cave set WATTS is the customizable battery backup system meant to fit any home Kanex debuts new GoPower Magnetic Charging Apple Watch Stand, more BOSON Building Blocks bring LEGOs and other projects to Life! Amazon upgrades Fire tablet lineup w/ thinner design and new features [Deal] Nanoleaf ditches the smartphone with its 12-sided Aurora Remote Moog unveils the new limited edition Subsequent 37 CV synth The Witcher takes on Game of Thrones with new Netflix series MORE DEALS STILL LIVE: iHome SmartPlug with HomeKit/Alexa hits Amazon all-time low: $42 shipped Apple’s official Silicone iPhone 7 cases are on sale at Amazon from $24 Pad & Quill offering 20% off leather/linen iPad & Apple Watch accessories Mophie Juice Pack Battery for iPhone 7/Plus for $50 Logitech K750 Wireless Keyboard (cert. refurb) now $30 JBL Charge 2+ Splashproof Bluetooth Speaker $60 (Reg. $80) DODOcase Memorial Day Sale 25% off Twelve South BackPack for Mac Storage Shelf at $25 Monoprice 15W Tube Amplifier $50 (Reg. $80) Ringke iPhone 7/Plus and Galaxy S8/Plus casess for $4 Belkin Memorial Day Sale 30% off PS4 Slim 500GB Call of Duty Bundle now just $220 Puma takes an extra 20% off Green Deals: WORX 14-inch 24V Cordless Lawn Mower $160 Philips Hue HomeKit-enabled Starter Kit $122 (Orig. $180) Dell 27-inch 1080p Monitor w/ HDMI + USB $170 Smartphone Accessories: 2-Pack Lightning Cables $10, more CyberPower 1325 VA UPS w/ 10 AC outlets & 2 USB ports for $125 (Reg. $180) Crest 3D White Luxe Whitestrips for under $17 at Amazon (all-time low) Amazon will send you 50 4×6 prints for FREE w/ this code Rosetta Stone: Levels 1-2 Box Sets now $120 (Orig. $200) Trevor Daugherty @trevorjd14 Trevor Daugherty is the Senior Editor of 9to5Toys. Since joining in 2014, he’s specialized in product reviews, exclusive discounts and 9to5’s New Toy of the Day. Contact him direct at trevor@9to5mac.com. Guides Deals View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Poll: Will you buy the iPhone 8 with or without embedded Touch ID, or will you wait? Trending in Apple Opinion: Is Microsoft leading Apple in PC innovation, or is it all gimmickry? Trending in Apple Comment: Google and ASUS provide a glimpse of the AR features we might see in the iPhone 8 Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? May 26 AAPL: 153.61 -0.26 Report: Apple working on dedicated ‘Apple Neural Engine’ AI processor Jordan Kahn - May. 26th 2017 1:03 pm PT @JordanKahn Apple View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Ahead of next-generation iPhones expected to include augmented reality features and updates for Siri, Bloomberg is out with a new report today detailing Apple’s work on a dedicated processor that it says will be devoted entirely to artificial intelligence tech. Dubbed “Apple Neural Engine” internally, the report says the chip will allow for much improved facial and speech recognition applications as well as improved battery life: The best 4K & 5K displays for Mac The new chip would let Apple offload those tasks onto a dedicated module designed specifically for demanding artificial intelligence processing, allowing Apple to improve battery performance…. The Apple AI chip is designed to make significant improvements to Apple’s hardware over time, and the company plans to eventually integrate the chip into many of its devices, including the iPhone and iPad, according to the person with knowledge of the matter. Several reports in recent months have detailed Apple’s plans to include augmented reality tech in next generation iPhones that are said to tap into a 3D-sensing front camera for depth detection. The technology can reportedly allow merging of depth information together with 2D images from the front camera for applications including face recognition, iris recognition, and 3D selfies. Today’s report adds that Apple has already tested prototypes of iPhones using the dedicated AI chip, but it’s unclear if it will be ready to debut in an iPhone 8 with AR features expected this fall. In addition, Bloomberg says Apple has plans to allow developer access to the chip and has tested various applications for its own software such as “offloading facial recognition in the photos application, some parts of speech recognition, and the iPhone’s predictive keyboard to the chip.” The news comes ahead of an unveiling of Apple’s much rumored Siri Speaker product expected as soon as next month at its Worldwide Developer Conference kicking off June 5. Jordan Kahn @JordanKahn Jordan writes about all things Apple as Senior Editor of 9to5Mac, & contributes to 9to5Google, 9to5Toys, & Electrek.co. He also co-authors 9to5Mac’s weekly Logic Pros series and makes music as one half of Toronto-based Makamachine. Favorite Gear LG 34-inch Widscreen Monitor This gorgeous desk clock is made with vintage Soviet Union Nixie tubes PhotoFast MFi drive w/ Lightning, USB-C, USB-A, micro-USB blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Poll: Will you buy the iPhone 8 with or without embedded Touch ID, or will you wait? Trending in Apple Opinion: Is Microsoft leading Apple in PC innovation, or is it all gimmickry? Trending in Apple Comment: Google and ASUS provide a glimpse of the AR features we might see in the iPhone 8 Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Yesterday AAPL: 153.61 -0.26 Apple officially opens new Singapore retail store to the public [Gallery] Chance Miller - May. 27th 2017 6:54 am PT @ChanceHMiller Apple Retail View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit As expected, Apple today officially opened its first retail location in Singapore. After nearly two years of anticipation, the store finally opened to the public today, showcasing a gorgeous design as part of Apple’s next-generation retail store rollout. Spigen TEKA RA200 Airpods Earhooks Cover The new store, as we detailed earlier this week, features Apple’s latest retail store design philosophy, focusing on community and group communication with large open spaces and meeting areas. The two-story building features products and accessories on the bottom floor, while the upper floor is home to the Genius Grove and Apple’s new Today at Apple sessions. There are also paintings of Apple Park, the ‘bowling ball’ headphone holders, a giant screen, and cube seating. Video shared by The Strait Times and seen below shows that Apple Orchard Road opened to a massive fanfare, with employees and fans alike excited for the experience. A variety of people also shared images of the grand opening on Twitter, showing the significant crowds that had gathered prior to doors opening, the new spiral staircase, and much more. Apple was also handing out t-shirts to those who arrived early. On-hand for today’s grand opening of Apple Orchard Road was the company’s retail chief Angela Ahrendts, who praised the new location in a tweet. “An unbelievable morning on Orchard Road. So touched by the warmth and passion of everyone who joined us today,” she wrote while attaching an image of meeting an excited fan. Apple’s first Singapore retail location has been in the making for almost two years now, with the company originally announcing its plans back in 2015. It wasn’t until just recently, however, that the location of the store was officially confirmed. If you have a chance to visit Apple’s new Singapore retail location, be sure to let us know your experience and share some pictures down in the comments! An unbelievable morning on Orchard Road. So touched by the warmth and passion of everyone who joined us today. #AppleOrchardRoad pic.twitter.com/wYi9jVG9k9 — Angela Ahrendts (@AngelaAhrendts) May 27, 2017 Congratulations team, and thanks to the thousands of customers who joined us at the new #AppleOrchardRoad in Singapore. Huat ah! 🇸🇬 pic.twitter.com/rXUrq3dBhE — Tim Cook (@tim_cook) May 27, 2017 Apple Orchard Road pic.twitter.com/cffNGCj7g2 — Lester Chan (@gamerz) May 27, 2017 Apple body🍎 @ Apple Orchard Road https://t.co/TWdIXYLGDl — Jen Taps (@dyentaz) May 27, 2017 ชอบบรรยากาศข้างใน (@ Apple Orchard Road in Singapore) https://t.co/19RzGNnLjs pic.twitter.com/q9e76iNHkO — PiPi – เป็ดปี๋ปิ้ (@PeDPiPU) May 27, 2017 Secretive and apparently delayed, Southeast Asia's first Apple Store – Apple Orchard Road – opens today pic.twitter.com/1MgF21eg6B — レイチェル (@tegamiRN) May 27, 2017 The @Apple store at Orchard Road opened its doors to the public on Saturday (May 27) at 10am. https://t.co/R7c3HyUhHn pic.twitter.com/crj3seNcmU — TODAY (@TODAYonline) May 27, 2017 Loving the new Orchard Road Apple Store 🍎 pic.twitter.com/GpcpxwhtUD — Michael Flux (@michaelflux) May 27, 2017 Ok I couldn't resist going to the Apple Orchard Road new store opening in Singapore 🇸🇬. pic.twitter.com/3VuEEjXOe9 — [David Wirt] (@DEWirt) May 27, 2017 บรรยากาศที่ Apple Orchard Road เปิดให้บริการวันแรกอย่างเป็นทางการที่ประเทศสิงคโปร์ #flashfly #AppleOrchardRoad pic.twitter.com/1jMQitkZKy — MayFlashfly (@mayflashfly) May 27, 2017 ตื่นเต้นกว่าทุกๆรอบที่วาดมา คนเยอะมากๆ วันเปิด Apple Orchard Road อย่างเป็นทางการวันแรกที่สิงคโปร์ เย่!!ลุยละนะ!! pic.twitter.com/7dusJVXmpO — binko's. (@bbinko) May 27, 2017 Chance Miller @ChanceHMiller Chance covers Apple for 9to5Mac and contributes to 9to5Google, Electrek, and 9to5Toys. He runs the weekly EduTech series. Tips, questions, typos to chance@9to5mac.com Favorite Gear Pioneer AppRadio 4 with CarPlay Dyson AM07 Tower Fan Levin 10-Port USB Charging Station Dock Guides Apple Retail View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Poll: Will you buy the iPhone 8 with or without embedded Touch ID, or will you wait? Trending in Apple Opinion: Is Microsoft leading Apple in PC innovation, or is it all gimmickry? Trending in Apple Comment: Google and ASUS provide a glimpse of the AR features we might see in the iPhone 8 Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Yesterday AAPL: 153.61 -0.26 This week’s top stories: iPhone 8 Touch ID & pricing reports, 10.5-inch iPad Pro leaks, HomeKit & CarPlay news, Apple Watch & more Jordan Kahn - May. 27th 2017 7:15 am PT @JordanKahn AAPL Company iPhone Top Stories View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit In this week’s top stories: iPhone 8 Touch ID & pricing reports, 10.5-inch iPad Pro leaks, HomeKit & CarPlay news, Apple Watch gets new Nike bands, and much more. The best 4K & 5K displays for Mac This week more iPhone 8 reports arrive offering up new details and possibilities for a repositioned Touch ID sensor. A new analyst report claims the the lineup will start at $870 and max out at $1,070 for a 256GB model. Cases for Apple’s upcoming 10.5-inch iPad Pro (and a refreshed 12.9-inch iPad Pro) leak ahead of WWDC and we go hands-on to get some dimension details. And we also take a look at how it compares to the current 9.7-inch iPad Pro. Ikea announces plans for HomeKit light bulbs to start from $12. Belkin Wemo smart home accessories will add HomeKit support with a new Bridge this fall. Honda’s 2018 Odyssey Minivan goes on sale as latest vehicle with Apple’s CarPlay. Nike is launching new Apple Watch Bands alongside matching Air VaporMax Flyknit shoes. And Apple launches new Swift app development curriculum for free on iBooks as  ‘Today at Apple’ special events kick off at retail stores. These and the rest of this week’s top stories below: iPhone | iPad Report: iPhone 8 to feature Touch ID directly on the OLED screen with optical fingerprint sensor New iPhone 8 renders show rear Touch ID and color variations Analyst: iPhone 8 to start at $870, max out at $1,070 for 256GB model Hands on with a 10.5-inch iPad Pro case and dimension details Leaked 10.5-inch iPad Pro case compared to current 9.7-inch iPad Pro [Gallery] Photos show cases for new 10.5-inch and 12.9-inch iPad Pro, with rear mic holes like $329 iPad Despite more powerful competition, iPhone SE tops new customer satisfaction survey HomeKit | CarPlay HomeKit light bulbs to start from $12 as Ikea announces smart lighting compatibility Honda’s 2018 Odyssey Minivan goes on sale as latest vehicle with Apple’s CarPlay Belkin Wemo smart home accessories to add HomeKit support with new Bridge coming this fall Australian company Notaa launches as first installer specializing in Apple’s HomeKit Apple Watch | Nike launching new Apple Watch Bands alongside Air VaporMax Flyknit shoes Study finds Apple Watch most accurate at measuring heart rate, calorie tracking subpar Tips for working out with Apple Watch Apps | Apple launches new Swift app development curriculum for free on iBooks Friday 5: Screens 4 brings new features to the Mac [Video] Dash for iOS returns to the App Store following fraudulent review controversy AAPL | Retail | Apple’s HR head Denise Young Smith moving to newly created Inclusion and Diversity VP role Apple officially launches ‘Today at Apple’ with special events at all 495 stores worldwide [Gallery] Apple will live stream WWDC 2017 keynote on June 5 at 10AM PT Comment: Today at Apple could easily backfire unless carefully managed at busier Apple Stores Look inside Apple’s latest retail store shows stunning staircase, Apple Park paintings, boardroom Subscribe to 9to5Mac’s YouTube channel for more videos. This week’s top videos | Scrolling in Safari will be updated to make it faster; more consistent with the rest of iOS [Video] iPhone 8 dummy unit shown off in hands-on video Latest drone flyover video shows gorgeous sunset footage of Apple Park Apple targeting Android users with latest iPhone ad campaign iPhone 8 case leak claims to show device compared to iPhone 7 & iPhone 7 Plus [Video] Happy Hour Podcast  #121| This week Benjamin and Zac discuss the upcoming 10.5-inch iPad Pro, Apple’s settled patent dispute with Nokia, a wild iPhone 9 rumor, and our macOS 10.13 wishlist ahead of WWDC 2017. Subscribe to get all 9to5Mac’s stories delivered to your inbox daily. And to 9to5Toys for the best deals from around the web. Clock pictured in top image from 9to5Toys: This gorgeous desk clock is made with vintage Soviet Union Nixie tubes Jordan Kahn @JordanKahn Jordan writes about all things Apple as Senior Editor of 9to5Mac, & contributes to 9to5Google, 9to5Toys, & Electrek.co. He also co-authors 9to5Mac’s weekly Logic Pros series and makes music as one half of Toronto-based Makamachine. Favorite Gear LG 34-inch Widscreen Monitor This gorgeous desk clock is made with vintage Soviet Union Nixie tubes PhotoFast MFi drive w/ Lightning, USB-C, USB-A, micro-USB Guides AAPL Company Breaking news from Cupertino. We’ll give you the latest from Apple headquarters and decipher fact from fiction from the rumor mill. View THe Guide iPhone View THe Guide This week's top stories Get this week's top AAPL stories. View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Poll: Will you buy the iPhone 8 with or without embedded Touch ID, or will you wait? Trending in Apple Opinion: Is Microsoft leading Apple in PC innovation, or is it all gimmickry? Trending in Apple Comment: Google and ASUS provide a glimpse of the AR features we might see in the iPhone 8 Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Yesterday AAPL: 153.61 -0.26 Patent troll hits Apple w/ three lawsuits over AirPlay, autodial, and battery technologies Chance Miller - May. 27th 2017 7:57 am PT @ChanceHMiller AAPL Company View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple is no stranger to lawsuits from patent trolls, having been a target numerous times in the past. Now, the company has been hit with a trio of patent infringement lawsuits from Uniloc, a non-practicing entity who has filed the suits in the patent troll-friendly Eastern Texas District Court. Uniloc alleges that Apple infringes upon its patents with AirPlay, autodial, and battery charging… Spigen TEKA RA200 Airpods Earhooks Cover As detailed by AppleInsider, the first lawsuit cites U.S. Patent No. 6,661,203, which is for a “battery charging and discharging system optimized for high temperature environments.” This technology, first created by HP and filed for in 2001, covers using a sensor to monitor battery heat while the battery is charging and/or discharging, thus preventing overheating. In other words, it’s pretty much how batteries work in a lot of things. The next lawsuit goes after Apple’s AirPlay streaming technology, which falls under U.S. Patent No. 6,580,422. This patent covers “remote computer display using graphics primitives sent over a wireless link” and again, was first filed for in 1995 by HP. AirPlay of course is the standard Apple uses for wirelessly transmitting content, audio and video, between its devices. Rounding out the trio of frivolous lawsuits is one that centers around autodial as it relates to patent No.7,092,671: “Method and system for wirelessly autodialing a telephone number from a record stored on a personal information device.” Essentially, this patent covers the idea of autodialing a phone number by tapping on the number or a contact name, hence why Uniloc targets Apple’s Contacts app in this suit. Apple is no stranger to Uniloc lawsuits, though. Last month, Uniloc hit Apple will three lawsuits over patents relating to Apple Maps, Apple ID, and software updates. Prior to that, Uniloc alleged that Messages infringed on its patents relating to VoIP protocols. It very much seems like Uniloc is following the ‘throw everything and see what sticks’ strategy when it comes to lawsuits. Apple has voiced its displeasure with patent trolls in the past, saying that it is the subject of more patent-related lawsuits than any other company. As for what Uniloc hopes to gain, the company is seeking damages, legal fee reimbursement, and anything else the court decides to be warranted. Chance Miller @ChanceHMiller Chance covers Apple for 9to5Mac and contributes to 9to5Google, Electrek, and 9to5Toys. He runs the weekly EduTech series. Tips, questions, typos to chance@9to5mac.com Favorite Gear Pioneer AppRadio 4 with CarPlay Dyson AM07 Tower Fan Levin 10-Port USB Charging Station Dock Guides AAPL Company Breaking news from Cupertino. We’ll give you the latest from Apple headquarters and decipher fact from fiction from the rumor mill. View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Poll: Will you buy the iPhone 8 with or without embedded Touch ID, or will you wait? Trending in Apple Opinion: Is Microsoft leading Apple in PC innovation, or is it all gimmickry? Trending in Apple Comment: Google and ASUS provide a glimpse of the AR features we might see in the iPhone 8 Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Yesterday AAPL: 153.61 -0.26 These MacBook Air/Pro, AirPort Express and iPhone models lose Apple repair support June 30 Chance Miller - May. 27th 2017 8:12 am PT @ChanceHMiller AAPL Company View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple will soon be making a handful of older products obsolete, meaning they will lose repair support at Apple Retail Stores and Authorized Service Providers. As detailed in an internal document, select MacBook Air, MacBook Pro, AirPort Express, and iPhone models will become obsolete starting on June 30th… Spigen TEKA RA200 Airpods Earhooks Cover For the MacBook Air, the specific models affected by this change are the MacBook Air (11-inch, Mid 2011) and the MacBook Air (13-inch, mid 2011). Meanwhile, the late 2011 13-inch, 15-inch, and 17-inch MacBook Pro models are also a part of the transition. Furthermore, the 17-inch mid 2009 MacBook Pro will also move to obsolete. In addition to those MacBook Pro and MacBook Air models, Apple will also make the 1st generation 802.11n AirPort Express obsolete on June 30th. This model was originally introduced in 2008 and features the wall-socket design, as opposed to the more recent standalone box. Finally, Apple is also transitioning the 16GB and 32GB iPhone 3GS to obsolete status. The iPhone 3GS was originally released in 2009 as the third-generation iPhone. Apple typically doesn’t notify customers that a product is moving to vintage or obsolete status aside from a list on its website and internal documents. The company normally begins the transition to obsolete status some 5-7 years after manufacturing has been discontinued. It’s around this time that parts are increasingly hard to find and repairs are unpractical. Once a device has been flagged as obsolete, users cannot go through official Apple channels to have repairs done. Notably, in Turkey and California, some of the aforementioned products will move to vintage status rather than obsolete, as pictured below. In Turkey and California, Apple will provide limited support for two years after products become obsolete elsewhere. Apple regularly makes products obsolete, most recently moving select MacBook Pro, MacBook, and Mac Mini models to obsolete status back in November. Prior to that, the company transitioned the iPhone 4, late 2010 13-inch MacBook Air, 3rd-generation AirPort Extreme and 2nd-generation Time Capsule to obsolete status. On Friday, June 30, 2017, the products listed below will be classified as either vintage or obsolete in Asia-Pacific, Canada, Europe, Japan, Latin America, the United States, and Apple Retail Stores. Macintosh Vintage in the U.S. and Turkey / Obsolete in AP/CN/EU (except Turkey)/JP/LA and Apple Retail Stores: MacBook Air (11-inch, Mid 2011) MacBook Air (13-inch, Mid 2011) MacBook Pro (13-inch, Late 2011) MacBook Pro (15-inch, Late 2011) MacBook Pro (17-inch, Late 2011) Macintosh Vintage in AP/CN/EU/JP/LA/U.S. and Apple Retail Stores: MacBook Pro (17-inch, mid 2009) iPhone Obsolete in AP/CN/EU/JP/LA/U.S. and Apple Retail Stores:  iPhone 3GS (16GB / 32GB iPhone 3GS (16GB / 32GB – China) Chance Miller @ChanceHMiller Chance covers Apple for 9to5Mac and contributes to 9to5Google, Electrek, and 9to5Toys. He runs the weekly EduTech series. Tips, questions, typos to chance@9to5mac.com Favorite Gear Pioneer AppRadio 4 with CarPlay Dyson AM07 Tower Fan Levin 10-Port USB Charging Station Dock Guides AAPL Company Breaking news from Cupertino. We’ll give you the latest from Apple headquarters and decipher fact from fiction from the rumor mill. View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Poll: Will you buy the iPhone 8 with or without embedded Touch ID, or will you wait? Trending in Apple Opinion: Is Microsoft leading Apple in PC innovation, or is it all gimmickry? Trending in Apple Comment: Google and ASUS provide a glimpse of the AR features we might see in the iPhone 8 Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? May 26 AAPL: 153.61 -0.26 Poll: Will you buy the iPhone 8 with or without embedded Touch ID, or will you wait? Ben Lovejoy - May. 26th 2017 6:04 am PT @benlovejoy Feature iPhone 8 Touch ID View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit The latest in a long line of will-they/won’t-they reports on Touch ID embedded into the display of the iPhone 8 says yes – but there have been so many conflicting reports, it remains an unknown for now. Conflicting reports have suggested that Touch ID could be moved to the back of the iPhone or even dropped altogether in favor of face-recognition. Some have suggested that Apple could move Touch ID to the power button, but it seems unlikely this would offer sufficient surface area for the type of sophisticated sensor used in existing iPhones … NordVPN When I expressed my own view on the subject, some 85% of you said that Apple’s best move would be to wait until it can embed a fingerprint reader into the display, even if that meant delaying the launch of the iPhone 8 until late this year or early next. That’s my view too – that it would be better for Apple to ride out the inevitable market storm of delaying an iPhone launch in order to get the right tech. But what if it doesn’t? Let’s consider the pessimistic scenario here: that Apple can’t get the technology to work with sufficient reliability, or can’t achieve the yield rates needed for volume production. That it makes the call to go ahead with iPhone 8 production without the embedded reader, and instead simply move it to the rear for now. The sheer volume of Apple patents makes it likely that the company would still plan to introduce an in-screen Touch ID sensor in a later model, so would you wait? Or would you be unable to resist the near-bezel-free design even if it does have a rear Touch ID sensor? Please take our poll and share your thoughts in the comments. Take Our Poll Check out 9to5Mac on YouTube for more iPhone news!   Ben Lovejoy @benlovejoy Ben Lovejoy is a British technology writer and EU Editor for 9to5Mac. He’s known for his op-eds and diary pieces, exploring his experience of Apple products over time, for a more rounded review. He also writes fiction, with two technothriller novels published to date, and an SF novella series coming in March 2017. Favorite Gear MacBook/Pro/Air Sony a6300 DJI Mavic Pro Guides iPhone 8 View THe Guide Touch ID View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 246% 70% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 113% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 5/27/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 246% 70% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 113% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 5/27/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Will Himax Technologies Stock Rebound on This Potential Design Win? The company missed estimates but gave investors an encouraging signal that business could soon take off. Harsh Chauhan (TechJunk13) May 27, 2017 at 12:00PM Himax Technologies' (NASDAQ:HIMX) fiscal 2017 first quarter failed to meet Wall Street's revenue and earnings targets, thanks to lower orders from its augmented reality (AR) and smartphone customers. Nevertheless, shares initially jumped more than 12% after the report as the semiconductor and sensor specialist has potentially landed an important design win with a major smartphone customer. Why Himax can land a spot at Apple As it turns out, Himax has received a large order commitment from an unnamed customer for its wafer-level optics (WLO) sensors. Rumors suggest that this could be Apple as the next iPhone is expected to feature 3D sensing technology, so Cupertino could be tapping Himax to supply the 3D scanners. Image source: Himax Technologies.  Back in March, noted Apple analyst Ming-Chi Kuo predicted that the next iPhone's front camera will come equipped with AR capabilities and advanced facial recognition. What's more, the front camera is also expected to take 3D selfies and scan 3D objects. Morgan Stanley analyst Charlie Chan believes that Himax could become the supplier of choice for Apple given its progress in WLO technology (via Barron's): Today, Intel's RealSense 3D camera has enabled 3D sensing in PC/tablet platforms. Himax's wafer-level optics (WLO) technology can further reduce the size and fit the 3D sensing in smartphones. Now, Himax has been dropping subtle hints regarding the uptake of its WLO products. Earlier this year, the company pointed out that it will spend between $50 million and $55 million to enhance its WLO and liquid-crystals-on-silicon (LCOS) capacity. More specifically, Himax had pointed out that the "WLO technology is adopted by our customers to enable new things such as 3D depth scanning," so it was already preparing for a production ramp to meet an anticipated jump in demand. Now, a design win at Apple has probably encouraged Himax to boost investment in this area. The semiconductor specialist will spend $80 million to build new WLO capacity this year with a major ramp slated to begin in the third quarter. In fact, Himax believes that it will witness "explosive revenue growth" once this technology goes mainstream, and the company is already collaborating with leading OEMs to achieve this goal. Why a place in the iPhone will be big for Himax Himax Technologies has struggled to increase revenue in recent quarters, while its margin has also been on the decline as some of its AR customers have decided to scrap current-generation products. Data by YCharts. A design win for the next iPhone will bring about a much-needed boost to its financials. Chan believes that 20% of Himax revenue will come from 3D sensing products in 2018. Consensus estimates place revenue growth at 14% in fiscal 2018 versus a 6% decline this year. The turnaround makes sense if Apple ends up manufacturing approximately 100 million units of its next-generation smartphone. That will deliver significant top line gains to Himax, and the adoption of its 3D sensing products will also have a positive effect on the bottom line since they carry higher margins. Harsh Chauhan has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Harsh Chauhan (TechJunk13) Harsh has been covering technology, and sometimes retail, since 2011. He is focused on finding great businesses for the long run. You can follow him on twitter @techjunk13 Article Info May 27, 2017 at 12:00PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Himax Technologies NASDAQ:HIMX $6.68 down $0.09 (-1.33%) Read More What to Look For in Himax Technologies' Q1 Results Why Himax Technologies, Inc. Stock Plunged Today Himax Technologies History: Everything Investors Need to Know Why Himax Technologies, Inc. Stock Fell 19.1% in September 2 Things Himax Technologies Needs to Prove in 2017 Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Will Himax Technologies Stock Rebound on This Potential Design Win? @themotleyfool #stocks $HIMX
自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧Business Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / Business Sun, May 28, 2017 - Page 16　 Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp Apple said to plan dedicated AI chip FUTURE BUSINESS:The company has not been implementing AI aggressively despite its importance in self-driving cars and augmented reality, on which Apple is focusing Bloomberg Apple Inc got an early start in artificial intelligence (AI) software with the 2011 introduction of Siri, a tool that lets users operate their smartphones with voice commands. Now the electronics giant is bringing AI to chips. Apple is working on a processor devoted specifically to AI-related tasks, a person familiar with the matter said. The chip, known internally as the Apple Neural Engine, would improve the way Apple devices handle tasks that would otherwise require human intelligence, such as facial and speech recognition, said the person, who requested anonymity discussing a product that has not been made public. Apple declined to comment. Engineers at Apple are racing to catch their peers at Amazon.com Inc and Alphabet Inc in the booming field of AI. While Siri gave Apple an early advantage in voice-recognition, competitors have been more aggressive in deploying AI across their product lines, including Amazon’s Echo and Google’s Home digital assistants. “Two of the areas that Apple is betting its future on require AI,” said Gene Munster, former Apple analyst and cofounder of venture capital firm Loup Ventures. “At the core of augmented reality and self-driving cars is artificial intelligence.” Apple devices handle complex AI processes with two different chips: the main processor and the graphics chip. The new chip would let Apple offload those tasks onto a dedicated module designed specifically for demanding AI processing, allowing Apple to improve battery performance. Should Apple bring the chip out of testing and development, it would follow other semiconductor makers that have already introduced dedicated AI chips. Qualcomm Inc’s Snapdragon chip for smartphones has a module for handling AI tasks, while Google announced its first chip, called the Tensor Processing Unit, last year. That chip worked in Google’s data centers to power search results and image recognition. At its I/O conference this year, Google announced a new version that is to be available to clients of its cloud business. Nvidia Corp also sells a similar chip to cloud customers. Apple has tested prototypes of new iPhones with the chip, the person with knowledge of the matter said, adding that it is unclear if the component will be ready this year. The company’s operating systems and software features would integrate with devices that include the chip. For example, Apple has considered offloading facial recognition in the photographs application, some parts of speech recognition, and the iPhone’s predictive keyboard to the chip, the person said. Apple also plans to offer developer access to the chip so third-party apps can also offload AI-related tasks, the person said. An AI chip would join a growing list of processors that Apple has created in-house. The company began designing its own main processors for the iPhone and iPad in 2010 with the A4 chip. It has since released dedicated processors to power the Apple Watch, the motion sensors across its products, the wireless components inside of its AirPods and the fingerprint scanner in the MacBook Pro. The company has also tested a chip to run the low-power mode on Mac laptops. This story has been viewed 1174 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2017-05-21 to 2017-05-28 Most read Most e-mailed 1 ‘Taiwan is not a province’ government tells Beijing 2 Same-sex Marriage: Marriage restrictions ‘unconstitutional’ 3 US-Taiwan ties should be reoriented: Stephen Yates 4 Taipei hopes allies defy China ‘threats’ 5 Cash-strapped WHO spends big on travel MORE  1 Wu Den-yih wins KMT chair election 2 Same-sex Marriage: Marriage restrictions ‘unconstitutional’ 3 Prosecutors drop Mega Bank money-laundering probe 4 New Southbound Policy: ‘Southbound policy’ takes off in schools 5 Revisiting Hong Kong riots of 1967 MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2017 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.
Search Contact Us Home Rock Metal News Songs Videos Lists Cage Match Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Subscribe on YouTube Follow on Instagram subscribe via RSS Trending: Chris Cornell Death Best Thrash Album of Each Year 2017 Best Metal Albums Metallica Albums Ranked Loudwire Podcast Next to None, Featuring Mike Portnoy’s Son, Release ‘The Apple’ Music Video By Joe DiVita May 27, 2017 12:21 PM SHARE TWEET EMAIL REDDIT EMAIL REDDIT Subscribe to Loudwire on Mike Portnoy is known as one of the world’s leading drummers, leaving high expectations for his son, Max, who sits behind the kit in Next to None. So, is he a chip off the old block? The music video for “The Apple” seems to indicate he is! An apple dangles from a tree branch, opening up the video as Max demonstrates his more than capable chops with a frenetic spotlight drum fill to kick the song off. “The Apple” takes on a djenty sound with undulating, downtuned rhythms accented by turntable scratching. Brutality is unleashed in the form of multi-tracked vocals, exploring bowel-churning growls before transitioning into a gleaming, clean-sung chorus. “Our new album incorporates many different styles from metal to prog. ‘The Apple’ shows the heavier side of the band while still having a melodic chorus,” Next to None stated as a collective. With a diverse sound, they can fit on a variety of different bills and recently wrapped up their first-ever European tour with labelmates Haken, who have been gathering considerable buzz around their sometimes quirky, but brilliant brand of progressive metal. With dates booked in June and early July, Next to None will share the road with Mike Portnoy as the legend has a series of dates booked with Shattered Fortress, the name he’s given to the lineup that was assembled to perform Dream Theater‘s “12 Step-Suite.” Portnoy has insisted that Shattered Fortress is an “event,” not a new band or project. Next to None’s sophomore record, Phases, will be released on July 7 through EMP Label Group (North America), which is headed up by Megadeth bassist David Ellefson, and InsideOut Music (Europe). Pre-orders for the album can be placed here where fans can explore both physical and digital options. Best Metal Albums of 2017 (So Far) Image of 10 Best Rock and Metal Drummers of All Time Subscribe to Loudwire on 2017 Hard Rock + Metal Album Release Calendar Filed Under: Mike Portnoy | Next to None Category: Metal | News | Songs | Videos SHARE TWEET EMAIL REDDIT More Leave a comment EMAIL Print this page Pin it! REDDIT Share on Tumblr! Recommended For You ZergNet Around the Web ZergNet Best of Loudwire Munky: Chris Cornell and Soundgarden Inspired Korn To Carve Our Own Path 10 Greatest Cover Songs of All Time 10 Reasons Why Metallica’s ‘Load’ Is Better Than You Remember Top 30 Grunge Albums of All Time Leave a Comment WATCH NOW Rockers We've Lost in 2017 Latest News Allman Brothers Band Great Gregg Allman Dead at 69 May 27, 2017 4:39 PM Next to None, Featuring Mike Portnoy’s Son, Release ‘The Apple’ Music Video May 27, 2017 12:21 PM Chris Cornell’s Manager Recalls Singer Being ‘Happy and Optimistic’ as Ever in Months Before Death May 27, 2017 11:44 AM Broken Hope Become ‘The Carrion Eaters’ in Gore-Drenched Blind Taste Test May 27, 2017 10:50 AM Danzig, ‘Black Laden Crown’ – Album Review May 27, 2017 10:14 AM Scott Ian: Anthrax ‘Would Certainly Love’ to Collaborate With Lady Gaga May 27, 2017 10:01 AM Musicians and Actors Pay Respect to Chris Cornell at Memorial Service May 26, 2017 10:34 PM God Bless Frenzal Rhomb, the Australian Punk Legends Who Just Keep Getting Better May 26, 2017 1:32 PM 40 Worst Rock Tattoos Before They Were Famous [Photos] Features At The Gates Albums Ranked May 23, 2017 3:33 PM Rock on the Range 2017: Metallica’s Triumphant Set Closes Out Day 3 [Photos] May 22, 2017 12:45 PM Rock on the Range 2017: Chris Cornell Tribute, Live, Bush, Gojira, Chevelle + More Cap Weather-Delayed Day 1 [Photos] May 20, 2017 10:55 AM 20 Greatest Chris Cornell Lyrics May 19, 2017 4:14 PM Soundgarden Albums Ranked May 18, 2017 9:35 AM Frank Carter on Being a Festival ‘Conversion’ Band, Lineup Changes + World Politics [Carolina Rebellion Interview] May 17, 2017 3:24 PM 27 Rockers Who Died at the Age of 27 May 17, 2017 2:12 PM In Flames’ Bjorn Gelotte on ‘Battles': ‘If We’re Happy With It, Then It’s an In Flames Record’ [Carolina Rebellion Interview] May 17, 2017 10:08 AM Top 100 Classic Rock Songs Diffuser Network Contact Us Advertise Privacy Welcome back to Loudwire It appears that you already have an account created within our VIP network of sites on . To keep your personal information safe, we need to verify that it's really you. To activate your account, please confirm your password. When you have confirmed your password, you will be able to log in through Facebook on both sites. Enter your password Forgot your password? YES, Activate My Account Now! Welcome back to Loudwire It appears that you already have an account on this site associated with . To connect your existing account just click on the account activation button below. You will maintain your existing VIP profile. After you do this, you will be able to always log in to http://loudwire.com using your original account information. YES, Activate My Account Now! We're Almost There! Please fill out the information below to help us provide you a better experience. Zip Continue and Activate Log in to Loudwire (Forgot your password?) Log In Not a member? Sign up here Loudwire brought to you by: Sign up for Loudwire Birth Month January February March April May June July August September October November December Birth Day 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 Birth Year 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 Sign up for Loudwire quickly by connecting your Facebook account. It's just as secure and no password to remember! Loudwire brought to you by: Loudwire Song*Please enter a song name. Artist(Optional) Your Name*Please enter your name. Your Email*Please enter your email. Submit Thank you for your request.
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish TSMC Reportedly Confirms iPhone Embedded Fingerprint Sensor By Tyler Lee on 05/27/2017 08:35 PDT There have been rumors to suggest that Apple will go with an embedded fingerprint sensor with the iPhone 8, where the home button will be removed and users can scan their fingerprint via the display. However there have been some photos that surface that suggests that maybe Apple might simply move the fingerprint sensor to the back. However that might not be the case because in a report from DigiTimes, it seems that TSMC themselves might have confirmed the embedded fingerprint sensor. For those unfamiliar with TSMC, they are one of the chipmakers for Apple’s A-series of chipsets. The report claims that TSMC had told their sources that there are a number of design changes to the iPhone 8, and that one of those changes is an embedded fingerprint sensor. That being said, DigiTimes doesn’t exactly have the best track record when it comes to Apple related rumors, so take it with a grain of salt for now. So far based on the feedback we’ve seen, many are disliking the possibility that the fingerprint sensor could be placed on the back, just like how many reacted negatively to Samsung’s choice of a rear-facing fingerprint sensor. In any case we’re probably still several months away from hearing about the iPhone 8, but here’s hoping this information is accurate! Filed in Apple >Cellphones >Rumors. Read more about iPhone and TSMC. Related Articles 2017-05-25 Qualcomm Wants Court To Order Apple Suppliers To Pay Them Royalties 2017-05-25 Alleged iPhone 8 Compared Against iPhone 7, 7 Plus 2017-05-25 The Only App On President Trump's iPhone Won't Surprise You 2017-05-23 Samsung Rumored To Supply OLEDs For The iPhone 9 2017-03-21 TSMC To Decide On US Chip Plant In 2018 2016-07-18 TSMC Could Have The Exclusive To Apple’s A10 & A11 Chipsets 2016-05-06 TSMC Rumored To Have Begin Designing Apple’s A11 Chipset 2016-02-15 TSMC Affected By Taiwan Earthquake, Production Impacted Hold On Tight, Your Flights In The Future Could Get A Lot Bumpier Samsung Galaxy S8 VS LG G6 In Speed Test Company In Sweden Embeds Microchips Into Its Employees Some Facebook Users Are Seeing A New Rocket Icon In The App Google Pulls The Plug On Its Map Maker Service Some Nintendo Switch Owners Are Reporting Warped Consoles Pornhub Gives Its Visitors A Heart Attack With Its April Fool’s Prank Apple Patent Hints At The Return Of The MagSafe Connector User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE iPhone May Have Saved Woman's Life in Manchester Attack 2015 iPhone 6s Beats 2017 Samsung Galaxy S8 in Speed Test [Video] Apple is Working on Dedicated AI Chip Known as the 'Apple Neural Engine' [Report] Apple Opens Orchard Road Retail Store in Singapore [Photos] President Trump's iPhone Has Just One App [Report] T-Mobile DIGITS Goes Live May 31, Ends One Number per Phone and One Phone per Number Limitation [Video] Samsung Galaxy S8 Iris Scanner Bypassed With a Just a Photo and a Contact Lens [Video] Hands-On With Alleged iPhone 8 Case [Video] TSMC Sources Say New iPhone Has No Home Button, 18.5:9 Display Microsoft Releases Mixer Interactive Live Streaming App for iOS [Video] Watch This Week's 'The New Yorker' Cover Being Drawn on an iPad [Video] Apple Confirms It Will Live Stream WWDC 2017 Keynote on June 5th Apple Updates Final Cut Pro With Minor Bug Fixes and Stability Improvements Apple Launches Swift App Development Curriculum, Will Be Available as Free Download in the iBooks Store DJI Launches 'Spark' Mini Drone With Gesture Controls [Video] Apple Updates iMovie for Mac With Fix for Volume Issue After Transitions Elgato's New Thunderbolt 3 Dock Will Be Released on June 6 Readdle Adds Drag & Drop Between Its Apps on iPad, Releases Major Update to Documents for iOS [Video] Apple Posts New Earth Day Video: 'Does My iPhone Believe in Reincarnation?' Apple's Jonathan Ive Appointed Chancellor of the Royal College of Art Apple Opens Orchard Road Retail Store in Singapore [Photos] LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted 15 hours ago by iClarified · 2343 views · Translate Apple has opened its first retail store location in Southeast Asia. The Orchard Road store in Singapore opened its doors this morning with Angela Ahrendts, Apple's SVP of Retail, on hand to greet customers. Apple Orchard Road opened Saturday to thousands of customers who queued to explore Apple’s first store in Southeast Asia. Braving the equatorial heat as early as Friday night, customers were greeted by Apple’s Angela Ahrendts and the store’s 237 employees when doors opened at 10 a.m. The location features a 120-foot glass facade that blurs the barrier between inside and out, while 16 interior trees continue the city’s lush greenery throughout the space. A unique 25-foot canopy protects Apple Orchard Road from tropical sunlight and provides shelter from the rain. As an architectural highlight, the location features twin curved Castagna stone staircases. Check out a few photos below! Follow iClarified Comments (2) Add Comment Chip - 6 hours ago Now more prostitues can hang in the store to kill some time. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Me - 13 hours ago That woman's got a new Apple Watch on. Looks thinner and the band goes in lower Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Apple opens first official store in Southeast Asia AFP May 27, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share 1 / 2 People queue outside the Apple store in Singapore's Orchard shopping district on its opening day, on May 27, 2017 People queue outside the Apple store in Singapore's Orchard shopping district on its opening day, on May 27, 2017 (AFP Photo/Roslan RAHMAN) Singapore (AFP) - Apple opened its first Southeast Asia store in Singapore on Saturday, drawing hundreds of excited fans to the swanky two-storey site in the city's upmarket shopping district. Located on the affluent Orchard Road, the new shop -- easily distinguished by its iconic glass facade -- is expected to be one of the most popular Apple stores in the world according to the US tech giant. Merchandise such as the iPhone and MacBook were strategically placed on display across the spacious first floor, while the upper level acted as a classroom for customers to participate in hands-on sessions. Hundreds of shoppers camped out in anticipation of the launch, while more than a thousand thronged the store soon after the doors opened, an AFP reporter observed. First in the queue was Xiang Jiaxin, a twenty-five-year-old Chinese national working in Macau who had queued for more than 12 hours overnight and planned a holiday to Singapore specially to coincide with the opening. "I am very happy and excited to be part of this. I have participated in the official store openings in Macau, Guangzhou and Nanjing," he told AFP. Apple, which has a staggering $256.8 billion cash stockpile, celebrated its 40th anniversary last year. The Silicon Valley legend sprang out of Steve Jobs' garage to reshape modern life with trend-setting gadgets. Most of its earnings come from the iPhone, which faces increasingly tough competition in a saturated market. The tech behemoth has almost 500 stores globally with more than a million visitors daily. Aside from Singapore, its Asia shops are located in Hong Kong, China and Japan. A regional transport, business and financial hub, Singapore attracted 16.4 million visitors last year. Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Mark Zuckerberg: The most important thing I built at Harvard Yahoo Tech NASA’s newest photo of Jupiter will blow your mind BGR News How the Microsoft Surface Pro compares to Apple's best Yahoo Tech Zuckerberg to Harvard grads: 'You have to create a sense of purpose for others' Yahoo Tech The new Samsung Galaxy does 27 things the iPhone doesn't Yahoo Tech Elvis Presley’s private jet just sold for well below its estimated auction price Digital Trends Why Amazon let 4,000 dogs into its Seattle headquarters Yahoo Tech The most important announcements from Google's big developers' conference Yahoo Tech A widely praised Supreme Court decision still doesn't fix the broken patent system Yahoo Tech I just watched Star Wars for the first time, and you’re all crazy Digital Trends No, your Apple computer isn't immune from ransomware Yahoo Tech This RoboCop car comes with an intruder-chasing drone as a sidekick Yahoo Tech Uber inadvertently underpaid New York City drivers for over two years Yahoo Tech Don’t even pretend you already knew all 10 of these hidden iPhone tricks BGR News How to avoid the massive WannaCry ransomware attack Yahoo Tech Pinterest now uses AI to figure out what you're eating in photos Yahoo Tech Now I get it: Ransomware Yahoo Tech Microsoft's Xbox Game Pass will end your free time forever Yahoo Finance How to delete your data from your old devices Yahoo Tech 'Prey' review: You'll never be more afraid of a coffee cup Yahoo Tech
Just In 11mins Work hard to realise the dream of NTR: Naidu 14mins No fun as girl gets ‘most likely to become a terrorist’ award in US 25mins Two stabbed to death on US train while trying to stop racial attack 30mins Philippines says militants shot dead at least 16 civilians 55mins India's diversity is its strength, says Modi; pays tribute to Savarkar 1hr Venkaiah Naidu flags off Delhi Metro Heritage line 1hr Australia’s notorious woman drug smuggler returns from Bali 2hrs Curfew, restrictions in Kashmir to prevent violence 2hrs Tillerson declines to host Ramadan reception 3hrs Kim Jong-un inspects test-fire of anti-aircraft weapon: KCNA 3hrs Mo Farah runs year’s fastest 5000m in Oregon 4hrs Gregg Allman who sang, lived the blues passes away 4hrs CBSE declares class XII results; Raksha Gopal tops Arsenal win FA Cup beating Chelsea 2-1 Fairfax reduces stake in ICICI Lombard Home News National International States Cities Opinion Cartoon Columns Editorial Interview Lead Readers' Editor Comment Open Page Letters Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget Stock Quotes Sport Cricket Football Hockey Tennis Athletics Motorsport Races Other Sports Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Sci-Tech Science Technology Health Agriculture Environment Gadgets Internet thREAD AI acquisitions accelerate as technology giants seek to build smart start-ups Share On JUST IN 11mins Work hard to realise the dream of NTR: Naidu 14mins No fun as girl gets ‘most likely to become a terrorist’ award in US 25mins Two stabbed to death on US train while trying to stop racial attack 30mins Philippines says militants shot dead at least 16 civilians 55mins India's diversity is its strength, says Modi; pays tribute to Savarkar 1hr Venkaiah Naidu flags off Delhi Metro Heritage line 1hr Australia’s notorious woman drug smuggler returns from Bali 2hrs Curfew, restrictions in Kashmir to prevent violence 2hrs Tillerson declines to host Ramadan reception 3hrs Kim Jong-un inspects test-fire of anti-aircraft weapon: KCNA 3hrs Mo Farah runs year’s fastest 5000m in Oregon 4hrs Gregg Allman who sang, lived the blues passes away 4hrs CBSE declares class XII results; Raksha Gopal tops Arsenal win FA Cup beating Chelsea 2-1 Fairfax reduces stake in ICICI Lombard CLOSE Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget Stock Quotes Modi: Three years, one truth Business Business AI acquisitions accelerate as technology giants seek to build smart start-ups Reuters SAN FRANCISCO, May 27, 2017 21:03 IST Updated: May 27, 2017 21:03 IST Share Article PRINT A A A Tech hunt: Firms are locked in a bidding war for academics specialising in artificial intelligence.   Reuters SAN FRANCISCO, May 27, 2017 21:03 IST Updated: May 27, 2017 21:03 IST more-in Alphabet’s Google has led the pack, followed by Apple, Facebook and Intel A total of 34 artificial intelligence start-ups were acquired in the first quarter of this year, more than twice the amount of activity in the year-ago quarter, research firm CB Insights said. Tech giants seeking to reinforce their leads in artificial intelligence or make up for lost ground have been the most aggressive buyers. Alphabet Inc.’s Google has acquired 11 AI start-ups since 2012, the most of any firm, followed by Apple Inc., Facebook Inc., and Intel Corp., respectively. The companies declined to comment on their acquisition strategies. A spokesman for Apple did confirm the company’s recent purchase of Lattice Data, a start-up that specializes in working with unstructured data. Ford Motor The first quarter also saw one of the largest deals to date as Ford Motor Co. invested $1 billion in Argo AI, founded by former executives on self-driving teams at Google and Uber Technologies Inc. Start-ups are looking to go deep on applications of artificial intelligence to specific fields, such as health and retail, industry observers say, rather than compete directly with established companies. What you will see is very big players will build platform services, and start-up communities will migrate more to applied intelligent apps, said Matt McIlwain, managing director of Madrona Venture Group. Healthcare start-up Forward, for example, is using artificial intelligence to crunch data that can inform doctors recommendations. For people who really want to focus on core AI problems, it makes a lot of sense to be in bigger companies, said Forward CEO Adrian Aoun, who previously worked at Google. But for folks who really want to prove a new field, a new area, it makes more sense to be separate. AI companies that do remain independent field a steady stream of suitors: Matthew Zeiler, CEO of Clarifai, which specializes in image and video recognition, said he has been approached about a dozen times by prospective acquirers since starting the firm in 2013. Clarifai’s pitch to customers such as consumer goods company Unilever Plc. and hotel search firm Trivago is bolstered by its narrow focus on artificial intelligence. “(Google) literally competes with almost every company on the planet,” he said. “Are you going to trust them with being your partner for AI?” Tech giants have been locked in a bidding war for academics specializing in artificial intelligence. A company with a specialised mission can win over recruits, said Vic Gundotra, chief executive of AliveCor, which makes an AI-driven portable heart monitor. “They say, I want to come here and work on a project that might save my mother’s life,” Mr. Gundotra said. Post a Comment More In Industry Business computing and information technology merger, acquisition and takeover Related Articles << Previous Story BMW, Audi cut car prices ahead of GST roll out Next Story >> Odisha’s biggest integrated steel plant commissioned Please Wait while comments are loading... Comments will be moderated by The Hindu editorial team. Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters, or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text. (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). We may remove hyperlinks within comments. Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. Printable version | May 28, 2017 12:34:30 PM | http://www.thehindu.com/business/ai-acquisitions-accelerate-as-technology-giants-seek-to-build-smart-start-ups/article18591034.ece © The Hindu Switch it up this year: Buy in May, till November stay Some are bullish on the healthy global economic outlook Reuters Top Picks in The Hindu today Art makes up for all the horror, says Meena Kandasamy All for the love of NTR Tribals trek 30 km daily for livelihood Gregg Allman who sang, lived the blues passes away Crowdfunding healthcare costs: Where there’s a bill, there’s a benefactor Roman Polanski on the big screen experience Syria girls escape nightmare of war with Snow White fable A book and a museum on the Reang of Tripura A fish that can father a near clone of itself From the archives: Nehru’s economic philosophy Close X Next Story >> Odisha’s biggest integrated steel plant commissioned CLOSE THIS MENU TRENDING TODAY Chennai Hyderabad Bengaluru Videos Entertainment Today's Paper ePaper News National International Elections Goa 2017 Uttar Pradesh 2017 Uttarakhand 2017 Punjab 2017 Manipur 2017 Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget States Andhra Pradesh Karnataka Kerala Tamil Nadu Telangana Other States Cities Bengaluru Chennai Coimbatore Delhi Hyderabad Kochi Kolkata Mumbai Kozhikode Madurai Mangaluru Puducherry Thiruvananthapuram Tiruchirapalli Vijayawada Visakhapatnam Opinion Editorial Lead Comment Columns Interview Cartoon Open Page Readers' Editor Letters Sport Athletics Cricket Football Hockey Motorsport Other Sports Races Tennis Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Children Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Technology Gadgets Internet Sci-Tech Agriculture Environment Health Education Careers Colleges Schools Multimedia Photos Videos Podcast Data Specials Crossword Resources Tags thREAD Archive Classifieds eBooks Subscribe Social About Us CONNECT WITH US CLOSE THIS MENU Home News Opinion Business Sport Entertainment Life & Style Society Books Sci-Tech thREAD THE SITE About Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contacts Archive Subscribe GROUP SITES The Hindu தி இந்து Business Line BL on Campus Sportstarlive Frontline The Hindu Centre RoofandFloor STEP Publications eBooks Images Classifieds Send your feedback to: web.thehindu@thehindu.co.inCopyright© 2017, The Hindu
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Two Older Apple Office Buildings in Cupertino were Temporarily Evacuated due to a Gas Leak | Main | Major Tech & Industrial Companies Race to Acquire AI Startups as the AI Revolution Draws Nigh » May 27, 2017 Our Report covers Major Patent Troller Uniloc Filing 3 Lawsuits against Apple and a Video taking a Peek at the 'Patent Scam' Industry   The patent troll known as Uniloc USA filed four counts of patent infringement against Apple in June 2016 and another three counts in April 2017 covering iOS 7's Frequent Locations Feature and more. On Friday, Uniloc USA and Uniloc Luxembourg filed three more patent infringement lawsuits against Apple covering battery charging, AirPlay and Auto Dialing.   This is what professional patent trolls do for a living. They don't make a product that they're defending; they're just suing rich companies like Apple, over and over and over again for profit.   The Patent Scam   The video below is titled "The Patent Scam." A documentary is reportedly in the works, but for now, Austin Meyer tells us of his run in with Uniloc and touches on Apple being sued by this patent troll. It's a very interesting video if you're not a fan of patent trolls.   In December Patent Apple posted a report titled "The Patent Case of the Decade Could End Most Patent Troll Litigation in Eastern Texas Courts against Apple & others." Last Monday the Supreme Court decision was handed down with an 8 to 0 ruling that argued that patent infringement suits can only be filed in the jurisdiction where the target company is incorporated which is bound to hurt the infringement industry in Eastern Texas.   The battle against patent trolls continues with a new tactic in trying to get state laws to change to limit 'attorney-owned' patents. Ars Technica reported that "Cloudfare the CDN and Internet security company, has gone full berserker-mode in its fight against patent-holding company Blackbird Technologies" and they're fighting back. The company is giving away T-Shirts like the one below for anyone who provides them with a legitimate entry of prior art.   Uniloc v. Apple   In their first patent infringement case against Apple we learn that they're using an HP patent. The lawsuit states that "Uniloc USA is the exclusive licensee of patent 6,661,203 with ownership of all substantial rights therein, including the right to grant sub-licenses, to exclude others, and to enforce, sue and recover past damages for the infringement thereof.   HP wouldn't sue Apple directly because it would be bad for PR for something as ancient as charging batteries on devices. But surely they must have known that selling the rights to their patents to a patent troll would result in hurting competitors and falling back on them as being just as guilty.   Uniloc notes that Apple's iPhones, iPads, Apple Watches and MacBooks incorporate rechargeable batteries having a temperature sensor that their patent licensed patent covers and therefore infringe on "their patent."   They note that Apple has directly infringes at least claim #1, as noted below:   "An apparatus for charging a battery comprising a charging circuit for providing a charging current to the battery; a temperature sensor positioned to sense a temperature of said battery; and a controller coupled to said temperature sensor and said charging circuit and operable to control said charging circuit in accordance with said temperature, said controller operable to set said charging current to zero when said temperature is higher than a first predetermined threshold value."   Apple's customers who use such devices in accordance with Apple's instructions directly infringe claims 1, 8 and 16 of the '203 Patent.   In one aspect of the "The Prayer for Relief" they want the court to award them "damages suffered as a result of Apple's infringement of the '203 patent."   They licensed the patent for the purpose of suing. What "damages suffered" are they talking about? They don't make a phone, tablet, watch or notebook using a rechargeable battery. The damages are purely one of financial gain. How can the courts not see that? It's crazy and a failure of the patent office, the courts and government for not stamping out patent trolls licensing patents only for the sake of hurting companies who actually hire people, make products and contribute a value to society. The nonsense of protecting IP is for most cases a con's argument. I'm sure others will disagree.   Patently Apple Presents the Uniloc USA, Uniloc Luxembourg S.a. v. Apple Inc Court Filing - May 26, 2017 by Jack Purcher on Scribd The patent infringement case presented in today's report was filed in the Texas Eastern District Court. The Presiding Judge in this case is noted as being Judge Rodney Gilstrap. At present, no Judge has been assigned to the case.   The second patent infringement case against Apple covers Airplay using patent 6,580,422 (an HP patent), while the third case covers Auto Dialing using patent 7,092,671 (a 3Com patent).    Notice: Patently Apple presents only a brief summary of certain legal cases/ lawsuits which are part of the public record for journalistic news purposes. A lawyer should be consulted for any further details or analysis. About Making Comments on this Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.       Posted by Jack Purcher on May 27, 2017 at 09:25 AM in 3. Patently Legal , 5. Apple News | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts Our Report covers Major Patent Troller Uniloc Filing 3 Lawsuits against Apple and a Video taking a Peek at the 'Patent Scam' Industry Two Older Apple Office Buildings in Cupertino were Temporarily Evacuated due to a Gas Leak Apple Opened their First Singapore Store Today with 237 Staff and Angela Ahrendts Greeting Happy Customers Apple's advances in AI Continue to Surface at a Record Pace as news of a 'Neural Engine' Chip now Emerges The Case about the Downing of an Air Egypt Flight related to Apple Devices is still ongoing with Apple not Involved The May Cover of the 'The New Yorker' Magazine was designed on an iPad Pro by Artist Jorge Colombo The Full Universal Secure Registry Lawsuit against Apple and Visa over the Apple Pay System is now Revealed TSMC Executive Says they're testing 7nm Chips for 12 Top Customers & will Ramp up Production in H2 2018 IDC's Five Year Forecast See's Notebooks and Detachables as Growth Areas, Desktops and Tablets in Steady Decline Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. Apple News 6A - Rumors, Supply Chain + 6B. Non-Apple Reports, Editorials, Opinons 7. Apple / Market Statistics 8. Apple Events & Financial News 9. 3D, Siri, Facial/Audio Biometrics Apple Accessories Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple Macs Apple Pay Apple Pencil + Apple Store Apple Watch AppleTV Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Haptics, Sensors & Tactile Maps/Indoor Mapping + Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Software + OS Wireless Charging See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video Search Search Home Technology Smartphones Nokia 9 to give iPhone 8 a run for its money: What we know so far Nokia 9 is expected to boast of the best technology currently available in the market, giving iPhone 8 a run for its money. Raymond Ronamai   May 27, 2017 21:05 IST Nokia 9 codenamed 'Unknown Heart' reappears on Geekbench with Snapdragon 835 and 8GB RAM There is no doubt that Apple iPhone 8 is one of the most-awaited devices of this year. Apple fans look forward to it and gadget lovers can't ignore it, as it doesn't fail to fine takers in the market. However, it may face a stiff challenge from an unlikely competitor – the Nokia 9. All eyes are on HMD Global's flagship Nokia 9 as the brand has come to life again when it announced the Nokia 6 earlier this year and then the Nokia 3, Nokia 5, and Nokia 3310 after a lull. It is expected to be released either in July or August, perhaps along with the Nokia 7 and Nokia 8. Also read: Most-awaited devices in second half of 2017: Nokia 9, iPhone 8, Galaxy Note 8, OnePlus 5 Going by the reports and leaks that we have seen so far, the Nokia 9 will be feature rich with the best currently available in the market. It is expected to sport a 5.5-inch QHD OLED display with a 1,440x2,560p screen resolution, powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 processor, and run an Android 7.1.2 Nougat operating system. The device is also expected to feature a 6GB RAM, a 64GB/128GB internal memory (with microSD card slot), a 22MP PDAF with Zeiss optics, a 12MP front-snapper, and a 3,800mAh battery with Quick Charge 4.0 support. It could be priced at $700 / €750. On the other hand, Apple is expected to release three variants of iPhone 8 – a regular iPhone 8 with 4.7-inch display, iPhone 8 Plus with 5.5-inch screen, and a premium version with 5.8-inch display – by the end of the third quarter of this year. All the variants are expected to have an OLED (organic light-emitting diode) screen, and powered by an A11 chipset. It is also expected to feature a wireless charger, virtual home button, 3D depth-sensing front camera, new fingerprint ID solution, and wireless charging feature. Reports have claimed that it could come with a price tag of $1000 though not confirmed. Looking at the expected pricing, the Nokia 9 and iPhone 8 belong to different categories but their specifications say a different story. Some of the features in the Nokia 9 are likely to be superior than Apple's upcoming flagship, so it is almost certain that it will give its rival a run for its money. Related Nokia 9 beats iPhone 7 Plus, Xiaomi Mi 6, Xperia XZ Premium, Huawei Mate 9 This Xiaomi smartphone will give Samsung Galaxy Note 8, OnePlus 5, Nokia 9 a run for their money Nokia 9 prototype specs, images and camera samples leaked Post Comment IBT TV Close Vodafone Foundation helps save mothers’ and children’s lives in one of the world’s worst HIV hotspots Why advertise with us? Latest News Google's AlphaGo AI is retiring soon and here's why 1 minute ago By Vinod Yalburgi Why advertise with us? most popular Samsung Galaxy Feel with small screen launched launched in Japan Samsung Galaxy Feel with 4.7-inch display could have been launched to take on Apple's iPhone SE that was released last year. New OnePlus 5 images leaked: Vertical dual camera setup and protective cover revealed Freshly leaked images of OnePlus 5 confirm vertical dual camera setup, contrary to the previous leak. Apple iPhone 8 may include a feature that Samsung Galaxy S8 failed to incorporate Apple has finally found a solution to integrate the fingerprint sensor right into the iPhone 8's OLED screen. IPhone 8 hands-on video leaked: No home button, dual rear camera, bezel-less screen & more In this video, a dummy model of iPhone 8 is shown to reveal the exterior design with little left to our imagination. Success of Redmi Note 4, Redmi 4A, Redmi 4 paves way for Mi 6 in India Xiaomi Mi 6 might launch in India next month with first flash sale scheduled for July 23. Why delay in release of Nokia 3, 5, 6, 3310 will affect sales in India Nokia 3, Nokia 5, Nokia 6 and Nokia 3310 are expected to be released in India next month, but its delay could upset fans. Samsung Galaxy J3, Galaxy J5, and Galaxy J7 (2017) launch imminent Samsung is expected to release three handsets — Galaxy J3 (2017), Galaxy J5 (2017), and Galaxy J7 (2017) — soon. Nokia 9 8GB model achieves unbelievably low scores on Geekbench Nokia 9 8GB model scores unbelievably low in single-core and multi-core Geekbench tests in comparison to the 4GB variant. Photo Gallery Fans are going gaga over Sachin: A Billion Dreams Sachin: A Billion Dreams has released yesterday and has not only been receiving critical acclaim but also audience appreciation and love from all quarters. Arshad Warsi, Gulshan Grover, Neha Bhasin at The Caribbean: Salazar's Revenge special screening Hollywood film Pirates of The Caribbean: Salazar's Revenge, in Mumbai on May 25, 2017. Celebs like Arshad Warsi, Maria Goretti, Gulshan Grover, singer Neha Bhasin, Television actor Mohammed Iqbal Khan and others graced the event. India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Site Navigation Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
Post Profile for Your Business      Submit Press Release Join Now     Sign In   Businesses Articles Press Releases   Business Directory Products & Services Jobs Recent Press Releases Press Release Pricing Submit Press Release Businesses Products & Services Products Services Press Releases Jobs Press Release Pricing | News by Category | News by Country | News by US Region | Recent News | PR.com News on Your Site   Press Releases   Netwell LLC Press Release Share      Blog Receive press releases from Netwell LLC: By Email PDF Version RSS Feeds: Netwell LLC Announces New Flight Tracker App for iPhone and Android to Check Flight Status in Real Time Netwell LLC announces launch of its New Real time Flight Tracker App for Apple iPhone and Google Android based phones to check Real Time Airport status, Delays, Airline Info, Flight Status, Maps, Schedule, Flight Tracker Live, Real time Flight Map. Parippany, NJ, May 27, 2017 --(PR.com)-- Parsippany, New Jersey based Internet company Netwell LLC announces launch of its New Flight Tracker App for Apple iPhone and Google Android based phones. Using this real-time flight tracker app users can instantly check real time Flight status. This app is free and available to download from Google Play store and Apple app store. Users can also check Real Time Airport status, Delays, Airline Info, Flight Status, Maps, Schedule, Flight Tracker Live, Real time Flight Map using this app. Using this app Flights can be tracked in real time on map at mobile/smartphone device using site http://flighttracker.us App is available at Apple iTunes store free for download here: https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/flighttrek/id1215569635 App can be installed from Google Play store at site https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=us.flighttracker.realtimeflightstatus Users can also track flights live online at http://www.flighttracker.us to track flights without installing this app. For more information, you can check our Facebook page https://www.facebook.com/flightTrackerInternational/ Contact Information Netwell LLC Jawahar Khurana 862-596-8735 Contact https://www.flighttracker.us Click here to view the list of recent Press Releases from Netwell LLC Promote Your Business Affiliate Program Link To Us Email this page to a friend PR.com Contact Us About Us Terms of Use Help
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 246% 70% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 113% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 5/27/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 246% 70% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 113% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 5/27/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: What to Expect From Analog Devices’ Q2 Results Analog Devices' upcoming report will shed more light on its Apple relationship. Harsh Chauhan (TechJunk13) May 27, 2017 at 9:54AM Shares of Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) supplier Analog Devices (NASDAQ:ADI) have done well this year despite rumors that Apple might drop its chips from the next iPhone. Last month, Rosenblatt Securities analyst Jun Zhang said in a research note (via Barron's) that the chipmaker could lose its Force Touch socket in Apple's upcoming iPhone due to cost cuts. Though others doubt this and Analog Devices investors are apparently not worried as the stock is currently trading close to its 52-week highs after logging 13% gains so far in 2017. What should investors expect when Analog Devices releases its second-quarter fiscal 2017 results on May 31? Image Source: Analog Devices  Revenue and earnings are set to rise Wall Street expects Analog Devices' revenue to rise 41% year-over-year to $1.1 billion, which is significantly higher than the $910 million midpoint of the company's own guidance given in mid-February. But Analog should meet analyst expectations thanks to the Linear Technology acquisition that was completed in March. The Linear Technology acquisition is expected to contribute between $160 million and $170 million in revenue during the second quarter. But the interesting thing to note is that Analog is on track to achieve strong double-digit organic revenue growth as its factory automation, automotive, and consumer businesses are gaining robust traction. What's more, the terrific year-over-year jump in Analog Devices' revenue is estimated by analysts to push its earnings to $0.84 per share as compared to $0.64 per share in the prior-year period. But investors will be more concerned with the company's outlook as it will provide concrete signs regarding its Apple relationship. Gauging the outlook Analog Devices reportedly gets 12% of its overall revenue from Apple by supplying the Force Touch solution for iPhones. So, a potential loss of content at its biggest customer would definitely hurt its top line. But not everyone is convinced Analog Devices will lose out. Fool contributor Ashraf Eassa, for instance, says Analog Devices should retain its spot in the next iPhone given that Apple is going all out to pack the next iPhone with cutting-edge features. And analysts expect Cupertino to charge a heavy premium for the next iPhone. For instance, UBS believes that pricing will start at $870 and could go all the way up to $1,070, thanks to features such as wireless charging and an edge-to-edge screen. This indicates Analog Devices shouldn't lose its spot due to cost concerns as Apple allegedly plans a high price and won't want to exclude a popular feature. A design win in a higher-priced iPhone that some expect to ship 130 million units in 2017 would be a big deal for Analog Devices. But Apple isn't the only catalyst that Analog Devices investors should be looking out for as the company's automotive and industrial businesses are growing at a fast clip. Industrial is Analog Devices' biggest end market, with 41% of total revenue, and it is getting better thanks to the growing demand for factory automation solutions. In fact, Analog's factory automation sales jumped 15% during the first quarter, and it is likely that the trend will continue as this market could grow at 6.6% a year until 2024, according to Transparency Market Research. Meanwhile, Analog Devices is attacking the self-driving car opportunity with its Drive360 autonomous driving product. The company is primarily focusing on radar solutions that are crucial to the operation of driverless cars, so it is not surprising to see its automotive revenue increased 10% year-over-year during the first quarter and now accounts for 14% of the total. Investors, shouldn't be surprised if Analog Devices' outlook turns out to be stronger-than-expected thanks to a possible Apple boost and secular growth in the automotive and industrial markets. Harsh Chauhan has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Harsh Chauhan (TechJunk13) Harsh has been covering technology, and sometimes retail, since 2011. He is focused on finding great businesses for the long run. You can follow him on twitter @techjunk13 Article Info May 27, 2017 at 9:54AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $153.61 down $0.26 (-0.17%) Analog Devices NASDAQ:ADI $82.81 up $0.47 (0.57%) Read More This Apple Inc. Supplier Might Have Caught a Break Bullish on Apple Inc? You'll Love These 3 Stocks Apple Inc. Chip Suppliers Ready for iPhone 7 Orders Apple Inc. iPhone 7 Likely to Feature Improved Second Generation 3D Touch Instant Analysis: Analog Devices Beats on Q3 EPS The 5 Best Dividend Stocks in Apple Suppliers Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current What to Expect From Analog Devices’ Q2 Results @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $ADI
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Netwell LLC Announces New Flight Tracker App for iPhone and Android to Check Flight Status in Real Time Netwell LLC Announces New Flight Tracker App for iPhone and Android to Check Flight Status in Real Time Netwell LLC announces launch of its New Real time Flight Tracker App for Apple iPhone and Google Android based phones to check Real Time Airport status, Delays, Airline Info, Flight Status, Maps, Schedule, Flight Tracker Live, Real time Flight Map. Parippany, NJ, May 27, 2017 –(PR.com)– Parsippany, New Jersey based Internet company Netwell LLC announces launch of its New Flight Tracker App for Apple iPhone and Google Android based phones. Using this real-time flight tracker app users can instantly check real time Flight status. This app is free and available to download from Google Play store and Apple app store. Users can also check Real Time Airport status, Delays, Airline Info, Flight Status, Maps, Schedule, Flight Tracker Live, Real time Flight Map using this app. Using this app Flights can be tracked in real time on map at mobile/smartphone device using site http://flighttracker.us App is available at Apple iTunes store free for download here: https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/flighttrek/id1215569635 App can be installed from Google Play store at site https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=us.flighttracker.realtimeflightstatus Users can also track flights live online at http://www.flighttracker.us to track flights without installing this app. For more information, you can check our Facebook page https://www.facebook.com/flightTrackerInternational/ CategoriesUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) Radio Station Equipment Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Next PostNext EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) Press Brakes Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Search Recent Posts Future USS Washington (SSN 787) delivered to the Navy New Children’s Labrador Dog Story Book by Susan Mason Launches Next Monday Red flag hoisted at Clear Water Bay Second Beach Special traffic arrangements for race meeting in Sha Tin Lifesaving services at Clear Water Bay Second Beach resumes Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Entertainment Search Search TeslaTesla Wants You to Know Its Model 3 Isn’t as Good as the Model S SprigSprig Is the Latest Meal Delivery Service to Shut Down GoogleGoogle Claims Reporting Wage Data in Gender Suit Is Just Too Hard jared kushnerH.R. McMaster ‘Not Concerned’ Over Jared Kushner Back-Channel Reports Roku Founder Anthony Wood Roku Roku Roku’s CEO on Netflix, Amazon, Google, and the Future of TV Tom Huddleston, Jr. May 27, 2017 Roku has fared pretty well in a streaming device market where its rivals include tech giants like Amazon, Apple, and Google, to name a few. Despite facing off against those bigger competitors, Roku has been steadily winning the battle for your living room. The streaming hardware company cites Nielsen numbers showing that, as of December 2016, Roku accounted for 48% of the active streaming players in the U.S. (with Amazon, Apple, and Google all trailing behind). Roku currently boasts roughly 14 million active accounts—up 40% year-over-year—and the company says its users streamed 9 billion hours of content last year, a 70% increase from the previous year. The company also posted its highest annual revenue in 2016, reaching $400 million, and sales already topped $100 million in the first quarter of the current fiscal year. One thing that helps Roku stand out is the fact that, unlike many of its biggest rivals, the Los Gatos, Calif.-based tech company relies solely on deals with outside content producers. In other words, Roku doesn't make its own original programming, in contrast with Amazon, Google's YouTube, and others. That means it can stay neutral when it comes to carrying streaming apps and the content it markets to users. As Roku's user base has climbed, the company's focus has shifted somewhat, from selling hardware to generating additional revenue by selling advertising to its many content partners. Advertising and content distribution comprised roughly 75% of Roku's gross profit in the most recent quarter, up from a little over 50% last year, says CEO Anthony Wood, a Silicon Valley veteran and a former vice president at Netflix. TechAT&T’s DirecTV Now Sees Slower Subscriber Growth PointCloudRoku Is Watching You—But There’s a Reason for That travel techGadgets to Pack When Going on a Vacation PointCloudHow a Former Amazon and Roku Star Could Revive Apple TV connected homeComcast Wants to Turn Your Roku Into a Cable Box Market IntelligenceCutting Cable Before the Super Bowl? Get One of These First Time Inc.People, Entertainment Weekly Debut New Celebrity-Focused Network ComcastComcast and Netflix Have Buried the Hatchet for Now Roku also has the backing of a handful of major players in both media and tech, with nearly $210 million in reported funding so far from a list of investors that includes News Corp, Viacom, 21st Century Fox, and Netflix. (Wood disputed reports from February suggesting the company was working on a $200 million funding round, telling Fortune that Roku is "well capitalized" at the moment.) Get Data Sheet, Fortune's technology newsletter. Wood recently spoke with Fortune about competing with tech giants in the streaming hardware market, how user data and targeted ads are the "future of TV," and what the evolving landscape of streaming content means for companies like Roku. (The following conversation has been edited for clarity and length.) Fortune: You currently have the largest market share in the U.S. for streaming devices over companies like Amazon, Apple, and Google. How can you maintain that position and keep growing? Wood: If you look at the market share, it has been growing. We had our biggest market share ever in Q1—not just players, also televisions. 48% of active streaming players in the United States are Roku [according to Nielsen], and that number hasn’t changed in about a year. The other half is split between Amazon, Google, and Apple. Our market share is growing fast. It’s growing 40% to 45% active accounts year-over-year and that’s on a big installed base: 14 million active accounts. That comes from players and TVs. We released the Roku Express at the end of last year at $29 and it’s now our number one player. And, last year, one in eight TVs sold were powered by our OS [operating system]. This year, we expect it to be almost one in five TVs—almost 20% of the Smart TV market this year will be powered by our operating system. Roku Ultra— Courtesy of Roku  Roku has been described as "Switzerland" in the streaming devices market because it's content-neutral. How does that strategy help you stand out versus bigger rivals who produce and distribute their own original content? Having a strategy of carrying as much content possible and the most content definitely is a big part of our strategy and works well for us. And we can do it because we’re an independent company. We’re not vertically integrated like our competitors where they can’t carry each other’s content. So we have Amazon Instant Video and Google Play, for example. And, more importantly, we have built the only proprietary operating system for TV. We have the only purpose-built OS for TV and it’s got lots of advantages: it’s better for partners, it costs less to build TVs with our own OS, it’s a better consumer experience, and it has more content. So, I guess we shouldn't expect to see any Roku original programming anytime soon? [Laughs] You’d have to have a lot of scale, even more scale than Roku [with 14 million active accounts]. We have reasonably large scale and are growing quickly, but Netflix has 100 million accounts. So it makes sense for them to do original content. It doesn’t really make sense for us. You mentioned the success of the relatively new Roku Express. How important are those low-cost devices (including Google's Chromecast and Amazon's Fire TV Stick) to the market versus more expensive set-top boxes? What low-cost does is it brings more customers into streaming. That’s one of the things that we saw with the Roku Express is it was so inexpensive that people who hadn’t streamed before said, "Oh, well I’ll give that a go." And, then as they say, "I love this," then I think there’s a decent chance they will, at some point, upgrade to a more expensive product with more features. With that said, the vast majority of unit retail sales are sub-$50 price points. Most of the market is below $50. It’s one of the main reasons Apple is last in market share for streaming players. We have focused on great value for customers from the beginning as a way to gain market share. We introduced the first $100 streaming player. We introduced the first streaming stick, the first $29 player. We have a strategy of driving prices down to make the product more accessible to consumers. Because, for us, hardware is not a business, it’s a way to acquire active accounts. Our business is advertising and content distribution services. Roku Express— Courtesy of Roku  A big part of the advertising platform is tracking what users are watching to compile and analyze that data for targeted ads and content recommendations. It’s super important. The future of TV—both with content distribution and advertising—is based on data and machine learning. And it’s a huge competitive advantage to be good at that. I just want to clarify that the ACR [Automatic Content Recognition] program is opt-in for our customers. We don’t just force it on them, although it has a very high opt-in rate because we have some very cool features that they get access to that are powered by that data. One of those features is called "More Ways to Watch." If you opt in to the ACR data feed—let’s say you’re watching The Big Bang Theory on CBS—it will pop up with an overlay and say "Hey, you’re watching The Big Bang Theory, do you want to watch it from the beginning?" Because it’s available on CBS All Access and also you can watch all of the back episodes, so it gives them more ways to watch that TV show. There are lots of privacy issues around data that we have to be careful about, but it really delivers a much better end-user experience. When it comes to video content, does Roku root for companies like Netflix, Hulu, and Amazon to upend the entertainment industry because it means more people are streaming content and that's good for device-makers? Or, at this point, is most content streaming at some point anyway? The big picture is one of the big drivers of our growth is when more content comes to streaming. Like you said, there’s been an explosion of streaming content. There’s not much you can’t get, if anything, streaming. So, in that sense, we’re completely neutral. We don’t really care. We want to offer our customers choices. I think one of the biggest advantages of streaming, for customers, is that it’s created competition in the TV business, which used to be controlled by a few big distributors and that’s really changed. So, that has resulted in lots of choice for customers: the choice of more content, the choice of not having to watch ads if they don’t want to, they can pay extra or they can sign up for Netflix, or whatever. So that’s all good. Related GoogleGoogle Chromecast Pulls Ahead of Apple TV in Battle for the Living Room Google Google Chromecast Pulls Ahead of Apple TV in Battle for the Living Room I guess we’re not really in anyone’s particular camp. Our biggest focus is just bringing on as much content as we can and keeping our UI [user interface] simple. One of the challenges with a simple UI when there’s so much content is how do you make it easier for customers to find what they want to watch in that sea of content. What are some ways that Roku helps customers manage the deluge of content? We were the first company to offer universal search, so you can search for a program and find out how much it costs and where it’s available and we sort results by price. Another example is we came out with a feature called My Feed, which allows you to follow shows you’re interested in and you’ll get notifications when new episodes come out. What are your thoughts on the proliferation of live-TV streaming services? If they succeed in drawing more consumers away from traditional cable packages, isn't that a game-changer for online content and streaming devices? We’re super positive on those services, because they’re bringing more content to the platform, they bring more people to streaming. We have business deals with all of those services, they buy audience development products, so it’s driving a big increase in our business. But, the dynamics are interesting. They often have overlapping content, so there’s going to be a lot of competition between them. And, I think that will result in better value for the customers. Personally, I am not sure how popular repurposing a linear cable network will be in a streaming environment. Certainly, it's in the millions the number of customers who want it. But is it 100 million, like Netflix? I think that’s an interesting question: whether people have changed the way they want to watch content and what content they want to watch. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Orchard Road opens in Singapore Printer-friendly version The 120-foot glass facade blurs the barrier between inside and out, while 16 interior trees continue the city’s lush greenery throughout the space. Apple Orchard Road opened Saturday to thousands of customers who queued to explore Apple’s first store in Southeast Asia. Braving the equatorial heat as early as Friday night, customers were greeted by Apple’s Angela Ahrendts and the store’s 237 employees when doors opened at 10 a.m. Apple’s first store in Southeast Asia opened to customers on Saturday, May 27. Angela Ahrendts, Apple’s senior vice president of Retail, welcomes customers to Apple’s first store in Southeast Asia. The Forum is home to “Today at Apple,” new in-store programming that includes 60 free, hands-on sessions. Twin curved Castagna stone staircases are the architectural highlight of Apple Orchard Road. A unique 25-foot canopy protects Apple Orchard Road from tropical sunlight and provides shelter from the rain. Copy this html code to your website/blog to embed this press release. <br />
<a href=”http://www.pressreleasepoint.com/apple-orchard-road-opens-singapore” class=”active”>Apple Orchard Road opens in Singapore</a><br />
 CategoriesUncategorized TagsAngela Ahrendts, Apple, Apple Inc., Apple Store, Business Finance, Cupertino, Economy, Enterprise, Hospitality Recreation, NASDAQ, Orchard Road, Retail, Southeast Asia, Technology Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Hujiang EdTech Launches Online Museum Project in Copenhagen to Promote Global Cultural Exchange Next PostNext United States Electrical Conductor Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Search Recent Posts CN receives strike notice from union representing train conductors in Canada LeadingPOINT Releases Free Report On Team Leadership Freedom Man Injuried In Shooting CN receives strike notice from union representing train conductors in Canada Fairfax to Sell Portion of ICICI Lombard Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Go Phones Laptops Cameras TV Gaming Wearables Forum All Products 3D Printers Antivirus Baby Monitors Bluetooth Speakers Cameras (360 Degrees) Cameras (Action) Cameras (All) Cameras (Bridge) Cameras (Compact) Cameras (DSLR) Cameras (Home Security) Cameras (Mirrorless) Cameras (Phone) Cameras (Waterproof) Cloud Backup Services Computers (All-in-One) Drones Fitness Trackers Game Controllers (PC) Gaming Headsets Gaming Keyboards Gaming Mice Gaming Monitors Gaming PCs Gift Ideas Golf Tech GPS Watches Headphones ID Theft Protection iPhone Lenses iPhone Trade-In Deals Key Finders Keyboards (Ergonomic) Kid Trackers (GPS) Kitchen Tech Laptops Mini PCs Mobile Network Modems Online Fax Services Parental Control Apps Phone Carriers Phone Plans Photo Books Photo Calendars Photo Storage Sites Photo-Editing Software Portable Chargers Printers Robot Vacuums Routers Screen Mirroring Devices Smart Home Hubs Smart Home Tech Smart Locks Smart Scales Smart Thermostats Smartphones Smartwatches Soundbars Speakers (Outdoor) Streaming Players Streaming Services TV Antennas TVs TVs (4K/Ultra HD) Virtual Reality Headsets Wi-Fi-Extenders MORE All articles Best picks Drones Car Tech Smart Home Gift Ideas Downloads Login Follow Us Follow Us Subscribe iOS Face-Off Which iOS Assistant Is Best: Siri, Google Assistant or Cortana? by Philip Michaels May 27, 2017, 6:00 AM My iPhone is now packed with helpers. It started with Siri, the digital assistant baked into iOS, that was waiting for me the moment I fired up my iPhone SE for the first time. But now Google is moving in on Apple's turf by releasing an iOS version of Google Assistant, its own take on a helper powered by artificial intelligence. Illustration: Tom's GuideAnd Google Assistant isn't even first app angling to replace Siri as my go-to iPhone helper. Cortana, Microsoft's digital assistant, has been available for iOS devices for more than a year. Downton Abbey doesn't have this much help scurrying about. But which assistant should you turn to for help with everything from sending texts to getting answers for your burning questions? The correct choice seems obvious enough that you wouldn't even need a voice-powered assistant to help you figure it out. Siri is integrated into iOS, so you would think it has the edge over any Johnny-come-lately assistant vying for a space on your iPhone. MORE: 33 Hidden iOS 10 Features You Need to Try And you'd be right for the most part. Siri is extremely convenient, as it's just a Home button press or a "Hey Siri" command away. But Google Assistant for iOS has a few tricks up its virtual sleeve to make the competition closer than you would assume. Here's how Siri, Google Assistant and Cortana measure up as your go-to assistant on the iPhone. Ease of Use Let's start out with the category where it's no contest. Siri is, by far, the easiest to use since Apple integrates it into iOS, and you can summon the assistant from anywhere. Just make a long press on the Home button or say "Hey Siri" — provided you've enabled that feature in Settings — and Apple's built-in assistant springs to life. With Google Assistant and Cortana, you've got to launch those apps before you can ask either one for help. That's an extra step that seemingly negates the convenience of having an assistant on hand. Google Assistant at least throws in a few handy features to make using the app on an iPhone worth your while. When it answers your questions, Google Assistant will also offer up tappable actions that can dive deeper into what you want. (A question about an upcoming Oakland A's game might yield panels that can call up MLB news or the standings.) You can switch to a keyboard for those times you don't want to bark out a request to Google Assistant in public. And Google Assistant ties in rather nicely with other Google apps like Photos and Gmail if you have those on your iPhone. Cortana tries to take on more of a day planner role, with a panel of recommended articles pulled from Bing, the current weather conditions, and an email assistant that alerts you to urgent messages (if you tie-in an email account, that is). Another panel can also show you what traffic's like on your morning commute. As handy as it is to have this information in one place, it seemingly mirrors the Today screen on iOS 10, which I can reach simply by swiping right from my Home screen. Winner: Siri. It's hard to beat an assistant that's immediately accessible when it comes to ease of use. Making Phone Calls Having to dig through your contacts to dial a phone number is drudgery. Better to have an assistant do the grunt work for you, and Siri is tops at this, thanks to its direct line into iOS 10. Tell Siri to call a contact, and the call gets placed immediately. (One complaint: If that contact has both a work and home number, Siri won't always stop to ask you which.) Both Cortana and Google Assistant will dig up phone numbers from your contacts, but you've got to hit the call button yourself to make the call. All three assistants are equally adept at looking up phone numbers such as the number of that nearby pizza place that offers takeout. Only Siri lets you then call with a voice command, though I like the fact that Google Assistant summons up additional information like directions to the place you've just looked up. Winner: Siri. Again, the iOS tie-in gives Apple's assistant the edge. Sending Messages Whether it's sending an email or text, Siri's dominance continues. I could dictate a text message to my wife without ever having to touch — or even unlock — my iPhone. Things get complicated if Siri mishears you and you need to edit the message, but at least Apple's assistant asks you if you're ready to send the text or email before it fires off an error-ridden missive. Google Assistant will happily take dictation on a text message, but you have to tap a button on the screen to send it. It will do the same for mail, provided you've got the Gmail app on your iPhone. I don't — instead I've tied my Gmail account into the built-in Mail app on iOS, but Google Assistant wouldn't take a message there, instead prompting me to download Gmail. Cortana's even less adept with messaging. Ask it to send a text or email, and it will pull up a blank message with the contact filled in, but you've got to do the actual typing. At least, Cortana doesn't require a specific mail client. When I told it to send an email to my wife, it pulled up a message with her contact info filled in — and from my Gmail account no less. (That is when Cortana was able to understand me: three times out of five, it misheard my wife's last name and left the contact info blank.) Winner: Siri. There's no better choice when it comes to hands-free communication. Looking Up Answers At some point during the day, you're going to come up with a burning question you're just dying to answer, but you don't want to endure the vagaries of a web search to find what you're looking for. So which of the assistants available on your iPhone does the best job at tracking down those answers? I asked four questions of each assistant: How many cups are in a pint? What's the longest river in Europe? What day is Christmas on this year? What's the weather like this weekend? Google Assistant was the only one to successfully answer all four questions, though it stumbled a bit when it came to Christmas. (When I phrased the question as "What day is Christmas this year?" Google Assistant told me the date for 2016; only when I rephrased it to "on this year" did Google Assistant produce the right answer. Siri got three of the four questions right, and even threw in a touch of personality on the Christmas question. ("I hope you get the day off," Siri added.) But asking Siri to name the longest river in Europe produced the dreaded "I found something on the web" response where Siri lists a series of search results. Cortana could tell me that the Volga River is the longest in Europe, but was flummoxed about Christmas, asking to see my calendar. Even when I granted permission, it couldn't find anything. Maybe Cortana's just not the celebratory type. Winner: Google Assistant. Google's knowledge graph means fewer virtual shrugs from its digital assistant. Asking Follow-Up Questions Sometimes you don't always get all the information you need with your first question. So how well do Siri, Google Assistant and Cortana deal with follow ups? I asked all three iOS assistants to tell me the score of the Giants game, and all three complied. Then I asked "Who are they playing next?" Siri and Google Assistant dutifully listed the next Giants game on the schedule; Cortana brought up a page of web results, most of which featured upcoming soccer matches. All three assistants also were able to rattle off the stars of Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 when I asked. Only Google Assistant, though, successfully listed nearby theaters when I followed up with "Where is it playing?" Siri didn't understand the question; Cortana gave me another list of search results, led off by the definition for "playing." Winner: Google Assistant seems more adept at picking up on the context of your questions, even vaguely worded ones, than the other two assistants. Playing Music We're back in Siri's wheelhouse, at least when it comes to controlling music playback. You can use Siri to play songs, pause them or fast-forward to the next tune, all without ever opening the Music app. Siri can sometimes stumble on song titles — when I asked it to play "Desperado," it thought I wanted to download the 1995 Robert Rodriguez movie as opposed to listening to the Eagles standard. But for the most part, Siri's a great way to access whatever tracks you have stashed in your library. Asking for a song or album in Google Assistant would bring up links to either the Music app or YouTube. Tapping the Music App link would take me to Music, but nothing would play unless I searched for that track in the app. Why even bother with an assistant at that point? As for Cortana, it would either find videos — usually of someone showing you how to play that song on a guitar or keyboard — or links to purchasing that song on Grove or Amazon. Winner: Siri. The other two assistants have no ear for music. Getting Directions Your preference here is likely going to come down to which Maps app you prefer. Ask Siri for directions to a locale, and you'll be given turn-by-turn directions in iOS's Maps. (Funnily enough, asking Cortana for directions takes you to Maps, too.) Google Assistant, on the other hand, will send you to Google Maps, assuming you have that app installed on your phone. Google Assistant seems to do a better job at understanding the names and places of where you want to go. I asked Siri for directions to my daughter's elementary school, which is named after the artist Maya Lin; Siri thought I wanted to go to Myland Park Elementary School, plotting out the 2600-mile journey from my house to Morgantown, West Virginia. Using Google Assistant, I could also summon up alternative directions in Google Maps, like taking a different bridge to reach the San Francisco Airport instead of the Siri-mandated Bay Bridge route. MORE: iOS 10 Maps vs. Google Maps: Which Guides The Best? Winner: Google Assistant recognized my speech more accurately, and the Google Maps tie-in negates Siri's home-field advantage on the iPhone. Making Reservations Ask Siri to book you a table at your favorite and more often than not, you'll get an apologetic message that it can book a table right now. To Siri's credit, it will offer to help you call the restaurant to book the reservation yourself. To Siri's detriment, it has a hard time making sense of difficult restaurant names like the nearby German eatery Speisekammer (which Siri hears as "Spice a Comma). Cortana is even more inept at making dinner reservations, flat out refusing to book a table. If it understands the name of the restaurant, it will bring up an information page where you can place a call to reserve your own table. This is where Google Assistant really shines. I asked to book a table at Café Jolie, and it not only understood my horrible French accent, but walked me through the process of making a reservation using Open Table by asking me how many people were in the party and what time we wanted to eat. Winner: Google Assistant. This isn't even close. Reminders & Events Good news if you want your digital assistant to remind you of tasks, deadlines and to-dos. Siri, Google Assistant and Cortana are all equally up to the task. I told each one to remind me to turn in this story at 10 a.m. And at the appointed hour, reminders from all three assistants popped up on my iPhone's lock screen. (That I didn't file the story on time is something I'd like to blame on them but can't.) All three also do comparable jobs at setting up events on your calendar, though Siri was clever enough to know when I created an event for the first Saturday in June that I meant June 3. (This lack of a specific date flummoxed Cortana.) Google Assistant handled my calendar appointments, too, making them in Google Calendar rather than in the built in Calendar app, so your preference here is likely to come down to which calendar app you prefer. Winner: Siri, but only by the slightest of margins over Google Assistant. Other Actions Last fall's iOS 10 release opened up Siri to more third party apps, and Apple's assistant is the better for it. I can — and have — used Siri to book a ride on Lyft, and I could also ask it to send money to friends through an app like Venmo, start a chat on Skype or start a workout on Runtastic. Apple needs to broaden Siri integration to even more apps, but I suspect we'll hear more about that as soon as June's Worldwide Developer Conference. Google is promising more capabilities for Google Assistant, too, and the biggest coming feature is Google Lens integration. That will allow you to use image recognition capabilities to have the assistant summon up various commands, like buying tickets to a concert when you capture a picture of a concert poster. But that feature hasn't come to Google Assistant just yet. Winner: Siri, though it will be interesting to see how Google Lens-powered feature might change this assessment. Bottom Line As noted when we started, being built and maintained by Apple has its advantages when it comes to digital assistants. You can access Siri at any time on your iPhone as opposed to being forced to launch a specific app, and that's an edge that's difficult for either third-party assistant to overcome. Yet, Google Assistant is nearly up to the task, thanks in large part to its ability to both recognize what you're saying and to put that information in context. I particularly like the way Google Assistant can walk you through tasks like making a dinner reservation or creating a calendar event without throwing up its virtual hands and leaving you all on your own. Siri may be the best choice to act as your iPhone's virtual helper for most tasks, but Google Assistant outshines it in some areas. And hopefully, the arrival of Google Assistant on iOS will push Apple to make some improvements of its own. See Also : Best 'Hey Siri' Tricks for Your iPhone 10 Reasons the iPhone Beats Android Bixby Is Nothing Like Siri, and That's Good The Best iOS Apps You're Not Using (But Should Be) About the author Philip Michaels @PhilipMichaels Philip Michaels is a senior editor at Tom's Guide. He has strong opinions about Apple, the Oakland Athletics and old movies. Follow him at @PhilipMichaels. Read more iOS Google Smartphones iPhone Apple Add a comment Comment Firstname Submit Ask a Category Expert Create a new thread in the iPhone forum about this subject Title Title Subject Publish 1 comment Your comment Markd1555 9 hours ago With Google Assistant you can just say "Ok Google" and it springs to life. You don't have to open an app to use it. The report is wrong. I know because I use it all the time 0 1 comments Comment Firstname Submit Most Popular Best iOS Games 2017 33 Hidden iOS 10 Features You Need to Try Google Assistant Comes to iPhone, Adds More Powers The Latest On Tom’s Guide How-To 14 hr 17 Essential Twitch Tips Face-Off 16 hr Optical vs. Digital Zoom: Why Digital Is No Longer a Di... Face-Off 18 hr Which iOS Assistant Is Best: Siri, Google Assistant or... Round-Up 21 hr Best Father's Day Tech Gifts for 2017 News 1 day OnePlus 5 Rumors: Outgunning Galaxy S8 for Less Round-Up 1 day 15 Best Weather Apps Deals 1 day Best Memorial Day Tech Deals You Can Buy Now Deals 1 day Best Tech Deals of Today: iPad Pro Hits All-Time Price... Deals 1 day Get a 4K Roku TV with $100 Gift Card for Just $340 Round-Up 1 day 22 Essential Travel Apps Review 1 day Acer Predator Mouse Review: OK, But Could Be Better News 1 day Get Ready for a Phone From the Co-Founder of Android Get our newsletter About Tom’s Guide About Us Contact Us More Sites Tom's Hardware Laptop Mag Follow Us Terms Of Use Copyright Policy Purch Privacy Policy Advertising U.S. Edition French Edition © 2017 Purch All Rights Reserved.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 246% 70% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 113% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 5/27/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 246% 70% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 113% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 5/27/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: A Guide to Investing in Disruptive Technology Investing in disruptive technologies can be both tricky and enriching. Here's a field guide to making money by keeping track of upcoming trends and strong innovation. Anders Bylund (TMFZahrim) May 27, 2017 at 8:19AM You can get rich from investing in disruptive technology. But if it was easy, everybody would see the sea change coming and adjust accordingly, killing the disruptive new idea before it became a threat. So, how can you tell the best future innovations and unstoppable trends apart from the also-rans and the gadfly fads? I'll show you the ropes, and soon, you too will be investing in the second coming of Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN), Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX), or Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) long before they become game-changing giants. Image source: Getty Images. Step 1: Find a market in dire need of new thinking For Amazon, that started with an aging, staid retail sector. Big-box stores and large malls were cluttering up the American shopping landscape in the early 1990s, just as the internet started showing its game-changing muscles. Surely there must be some way to lower the capital costs of running a retail business -- perhaps by tapping into that new global network thing? Netflix reportedly started with a ridiculous late fee on a video store rental, coupled with co-founder and CEO Reed Hasting's desire to become "the Amazon.com of something." Here was another bloated, inefficient consumer market that could use a radical makeover. Apple returned from the brink of financial disaster as Steve Jobs made his triumphant return to the company he built. Way back in 1997, Jobs wanted to rebuild Apple around the idea of making "some really great products," and he had already identified several "giant holes" in the market that needed filling. iPods and iTunes were launched within four years. In 2007, iPhones became Apple's real long-term cash cow. The mobile computing market had been developing in the wrong direction from day one, and Steve Jobs had better ideas. Step 2: Track down companies that address this technology gap The next Netflix might apply a centralized, low-cost technology platform to some other business sector, creating a disruptive empire in the process. The next Apple could have fresh devices in mind for something else we do every day, like shaving or breathing. Or the next Amazon may be brewing up a next-level distribution and ordering system for -- well, who knows? Maybe you do. These companies might be tiny upstarts run out of a garage, not yet ready for the public market. Or maybe it's an older company, digging into new market opportunities to stay relevant. If you can buy shares of it, you're ready for the third step. If not, put that disruption-ready business in your back pocket and keep looking for explorers in these uncharted waters. Keep in mind that today's giants were small and easily overlooked once upon a time. Some of our current small-cap tickers will take similar paths to gigantic market caps and shareholder returns. Don't write off any ticker just because the company is too small and unknown: Company Market Cap in July, 2002 Market Cap Today Change Apple $6.7 billion $799 billion 11,800% Amazon $5.8 billion $461 billion 7,900% Netflix $386 million $67.9 billion 17,500% Data source: YCharts. Step 3: Confirm that there's a real business model in play Ideas are a dime a dozen. The real value lies in building a workable business model around your revolutionary technology. This is where you should dig into quarterly earnings releases, management's conference calls, and SEC filings of every kind. Is the disruptive idea ready for prime time, producing an operating profit right now? Great, but you may have missed a significant part of the skyrocketing returns already. Is the company low on cash and burning more of it in order to give its big idea a proper launch? Better have a plan to raise more cash as needed without drowning in high-interest debt or robbing early shareholders via dilution-boosting batches of stock sales. Remember, Netflix is burning cash right now in order to create a top-notch library of original shows with lasting value. Amazon did the same in the 1990s, on its way to creating the e-commerce colossus you see today. Even Apple reported negative cash flows for long stretches in the 1990s, and again in the early 2000s as the transformative iPod/iTunes launch was taking shape. Spend money now, reap the rewards later. Just make sure the company can actually afford the planned level of heavy spending without causing irreparable damage to the balance sheet. Some investors may prefer lower levels of risk, writing off any ticker with negative earnings and/or cash flows. That's fine, but you can't reach extreme long-term returns without accepting some financial risk. This is a judgment call. If you've read this far, I assume you're fine with a bit of (well-researched, firmly understood) risk. Image source: Getty Images. Step 4: Invest, then keep close watch as disruption hits your chosen sector Keeping an eye on the disrupted market is very important. Sure, you could place your bets on the forward-thinking champion of new technology and upside-down operating procedures, and then leave the revolution alone for years or decades. But that's gambling, not investing. The idea here is to find a strong new challenger in an established field, and then take an active interest in the market rumblings. Things can go wrong along the way, and you should always be ready to take appropriate action when that happens. Sometimes, that means selling out and never going back. Remember when BlackBerry (NASDAQ:BBRY) was so hot, its management shrugged off the rise of Apple's iPhones because strong data security and high-quality physical keyboards would surely win the day? Co-CEO Jim Balsillie publicly thanked Apple for bringing more attention to the smartphone market but didn't see Cupertino as a threat until it was too late. BlackBerry's own disruption of mobile communications was stopped in its tracks by do-it-all Apple and Android smartphones, user-friendly app stores, and powerful marketing. Other times, a fixable stumble might open up an attractive buying window where you can double down on your best disrupting technologies. When Netflix split its streaming service apart from the red DVD mailers in 2011, the Qwikster announcement was seen as an empire-ending mistake, and share prices plunged quickly. But Netflix CEO Reed Hastings was quick to roll back the Qwikster split while sticking to the separation of DVD and streaming subscriptions. When it became obvious to informed investors that Hastings had corrected his mistakes, I tripled my personal Netflix holdings. My older Netflix investment has grown 470% larger while the 2011 cohort rose 13 times higher. The blended return is 820% -- so far. Selling out would have been a grave mistake in this case. Sitting on my hands would not have been much better. So, you have to stay on your toes, ready to get out or dive deeper as the market conditions change. The deeper you understand the disrupted market, the better equipped you'll be to take full advantage of the fundamental changes. Anders Bylund owns shares of Amazon and Netflix. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon, Apple, and Netflix. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Anders Bylund (TMFZahrim) Anders Bylund is a Foolish Technology and Entertainment Specialist. Where the two markets intersect, you'll find his wheelhouse. He has been an official Fool since 2006 but a jester all his life. Hypoallergenic. Contains six flavors not found in nature. Believes in coyotes and time as an abstract. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. Follow Anders on Twitter, LinkedIn, and Google+. Article Info May 27, 2017 at 8:19AM Consumer Goods Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $153.61 down $0.26 (-0.17%) Netflix NASDAQ:NFLX $162.43 down $0.62 (-0.38%) Amazon NASDAQ:AMZN $995.78 up $2.40 (0.24%) BlackBerry NASDAQ:BBRY $11.11 down $0.11 (-0.98%) Read More These 3 Stocks Just Raised Their Dividends Stocks New Moms Will Love 3 Things to Watch in the Stock Market This Week Why Netflix May Have to Get into Live Sports... Eventually How Netflix Inc. Is Overcoming This Key Obstacle to Its International Expansion Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current A Guide to Investing in Disruptive Technology @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $NFLX, $AMZN, $BBRY
Tech Search Search TeslaTesla Wants You to Know Its Model 3 Isn’t as Good as the Model S SprigSprig Is the Latest Meal Delivery Service to Shut Down GoogleGoogle Claims Reporting Wage Data in Gender Suit Is Just Too Hard jared kushnerH.R. McMaster ‘Not Concerned’ Over Jared Kushner Back-Channel Reports Best Companies Apple’s iPhone Market Share Slips as It Eyes $1 Trillion Valuation Don Reisinger May 27, 2017 As Apple heads into the long Memorial Day weekend, the company's past week has been dominated by some good, and some bad, news. Apple's market cap entered the spotlight this week after an analyst questioned whether the company could reach a $1 trillion valuation within the next year. It preceded, however, not such good news for Apple, which saw its worldwide smartphone market share slip in the first quarter due to increasing competition out of China. Even Apple (aapl) design chief Jony Ive got into the mix this week, with news that he's taken on another job. Get Data Sheet, Fortune’s technology newsletter As with most weeks, the past several days were eventful for Apple (aapl). And although it got some good news out of India, there are still some things it'll need to address if it is to become the first company to ever reach a $1 trillion valuation. This is Fortune’s weekly roundup of the biggest Apple news this week. To see last week’s roundup, click here. Read on for this week's biggest Apple headlines: In a note to investors on Monday, RBC Capital Markets analyst Amit Daryanani said that he believes Apple's market cap could reach $1 trillion within the next 12 to 18 months. He said that Apple has several "levers" that could help it get there, including its fast revenue growth, an expected boost in margins, and higher earnings. Apple's current market cap is hovering around $800 billion, and if it did reach $1 trillion, it would become the first company to reach those heights. Apple owned 13.7% of the smartphone market in the first quarter, putting it in second place behind Samsung's 20.7% share, according to new data from research firm Gartner. However, Apple's market share was down from 14.8% in the first quarter of 2016, due to competition from Chinese vendors offering high-end devices at more affordable prices. Huawei, one of Apple's chief Chinese competitors, grew its market share from 8.3% in 2016 to 9% last quarter. Apple design chief Jony Ive has a new gig. He was appointed chancellor at the Royal College of Art in London this week. In his new position, Ive will serve as the head of the college and join the school's Council governing body. It's an unpaid position and largely honorary, though he did say he would advise students and employees during his five-year term. The U.S. government was actively seeking Apple data last year, a new transparency report from the company revealed. During the second half of 2016, the U.S. government issued between 5,750 and 5,999 national security orders to Apple, up from a range of 2,750 to 2,999 in the first half of the year. Apple said that between 4,750 and 4,999 accounts were affected in the orders. The U.S. government bans companies from revealing the exact number of orders and account requests in transparency reports. Apple and Nokia ended their protracted patent spat this week. The companies signed a new patent license agreement, as well as a business deal, to end the dispute. Nokia will receive an upfront cash payment and additional revenue from Apple. The iPhone maker said that it plans to expand its "business relationship with Nokia" now that the deal has been signed. The Indian government this week said that it would allow Apple to import components for its iPhone production tax free. Apple had previously requested a series of tax breaks from India, most of which were denied. The move comes just days after Apple started producing some of its iPhone SE units in India. One more thing...Apple has begun charging for trial access to its Apple Music streaming service in Australia, Spain, and Switzerland. The trials were previously free, but the company is now charging the equivalent of 99 cents in those countries for three months of access. It's unclear if Apple will be ditching free trial programs elsewhere around the world. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story Home Industry Technology Apple races to catch up with Amazon, Alphabet, plans dedicated chip to power artificial intelligence on devices Apple races to catch up with Amazon, Alphabet, plans dedicated chip to power artificial intelligence on devices Apple Inc. got an early start in artificial intelligence software with the 2011 introduction of Siri, a tool that lets users operate their smartphones with voice commands. By: Bloomberg | Published: May 27, 2017 6:23 PM Apple Inc. got an early start in artificial intelligence software with the 2011 introduction of Siri, a tool that lets users operate their smartphones with voice commands. (Reuters) Apple Inc. got an early start in artificial intelligence software with the 2011 introduction of Siri, a tool that lets users operate their smartphones with voice commands. Now the electronics giant is bringing artificial intelligence to chips. Apple is working on a processor devoted specifically to AI-related tasks, according to a person familiar with the matter. The chip, known internally as the Apple Neural Engine, would improve the way the company’s devices handle tasks that would otherwise require human intelligence — such as facial recognition and speech recognition, said the person, who requested anonymity discussing a product that hasn’t been made public. Apple declined to comment. Engineers at Apple are racing to catch their peers at Amazon.com Inc. and Alphabet Inc. in the booming field of artificial intelligence. While Siri gave Apple an early advantage in voice-recognition, competitors have since been more aggressive in deploying AI across their product lines, including Amazon’s Echo and Google’s Home digital assistants. An AI-enabled processor would help Cupertino, California-based Apple integrate more advanced capabilities into devices, particularly cars that drive themselves and gadgets that run augmented reality, the technology that superimposes graphics and other information onto a person’s view of the world. “Two of the areas that Apple is betting its future on require AI,” said Gene Munster, former Apple analyst and co-founder of venture capital firm Loup Ventures. “At the core of augmented reality and self-driving cars is artificial intelligence.” Improved Performance Apple devices currently handle complex artificial intelligence processes with two different chips: the main processor and the graphics chip. The new chip would let Apple offload those tasks onto a dedicated module designed specifically for demanding artificial intelligence processing, allowing Apple to improve battery performance. Should Apple bring the chip out of testing and development, it would follow other semiconductor makers that have already introduced dedicated AI chips. Qualcomm Inc.’s latest Snapdragon chip for smartphones has a module for handling artificial intelligence tasks, while Google announced its first chip, called the Tensor Processing Unit (TPU), in 2016. That chip worked in Google’s data centers to power search results and image-recognition. At its I/O conference this year, Google announced a new version that will be available to clients of its cloud business. Nvidia Corp. also sells a similar chip to cloud customers. You May Also Like To Watch This: The Apple AI chip is designed to make significant improvements to Apple’s hardware over time, and the company plans to eventually integrate the chip into many of its devices, including the iPhone and iPad, according to the person with knowledge of the matter. Apple has tested prototypes of future iPhones with the chip, the person said, adding that it’s unclear if the component will be ready this year. Apple’s operating systems and software features would integrate with devices that include the chip. For example, Apple has considered offloading facial recognition in the photos application, some parts of speech recognition, and the iPhone’s predictive keyboard to the chip, the person said. Apple also plans to offer developer access to the chip so third-party apps can also offload artificial intelligence-related tasks, the person said. Developer Conference Apple may choose to discuss some of its latest advancements in AI at its annual developer’s conference in June. At the same conference, Apple plans to introduce iOS 11, its new operating system for iPhones and iPads, with an updated user-interface, people with knowledge of the matter said last month. The company is also said to discuss updated laptops with faster chips from Intel Corp. An AI chip would join a growing list of processors that Apple has created in-house. The company began designing its own main processors for the iPhone and iPad in 2010 with the A4 chip. It has since released dedicated processors to power the Apple Watch, the motion sensors across its products, the wireless components inside of its AirPods, and the fingerprint scanner in the MacBook Pro. The company has also tested a chip to run the low-power mode on Mac laptops. In 2015, Bloomberg reported that Apple’s culture of secrecy stymied the iPhone maker’s ability to attract top AI research talent. Since then, Apple has acquired multiple companies with deep ties to artificial intelligence, has begun publishing papers related to AI research, has joined a key research group and has made hires from the field. In October 2016, Apple hired Russ Salakhutdinov from Carnegie Mellon University as its director of AI research. No Comments. Don't Miss Mann ki Baat: PM Modi asks 3 generations of families to come together & practice Yoga, lauds Afroz Shah for cleaning Versova Beach Petition in Pakistan SC seeks immediate execution of Kulbhushan Jadhav Kashmir LIVE updates: Army guns down one terrorist in Poonch, protests continue after Sabzar Bhat's death CBSE 12th Result 2017 topper: Raksha Gopal of Amity International School Noida tops with 99.6%; CBSE has declared result, visit official website cbse.nic.in Mann ki Baat: From importance of Yoga to welcoming criticism; 5 key takeaways from PM Modi's 32nd radio address IT to remain net recruiter, automation to watch out for: Report Venkaiah Naidu, Arvind Kejriwal inaugurate Heritage Line stretch of Delhi Metro at 10 am London airports mayhem: British Airways blames Indian IT services CBDT committee to review 'naming, shaming' of tax defaulters CBSE 12th Result 2017: Senior School Certificate Examination results declared at 10 AM, visit cbse.nic.in to know your scores Business Gallery Sri Lanka floods: Indian Navy’s INS Kirch reaches for rescue operations; take a look Dhola-Sadiya bridge images: Indian Army’s powerful tanks can roll on it! All about India’s longest river bridge Sachin: A Billion Dreams: Indian cricket team attends screening, Virat Kohli, Yuvraj Singh, others have gala time; check pics Britain on high alert: UK raises threat level to maximum after terror attack; take a look PM Narendra Modi brings Narmada water to parched Kutch; here’s how Technology Gallery SpaceX launches Inmarsat-5 F4 communications satellite successfully; here’s a look Meizu M5 smartphone launched in India priced at Rs 10,499; packs 3070mAh battery Secret US space plane lands in Florida after 2 years in orbit: 5 things you need to know PM Modi’s gift to South Asia: Here’s how Satellite GSLV-F09 was prepared before takeoff Satellite GSLV-F09: India’s ‘invaluable gift’ to South Asian neighbours Hindi News मन की बात: रेडियो कार्यक्रम में बोले पीएम नरेंद्र मोदी-लोकतंत्र में सरकारों को जवाबदेह होना चाहिए CBSE 12th Result 2017: घोषित हुए सीबीएसई 12वीं बोर्ड परीक्षा परिणाम, यहां देखें अपना रिजल्ट दिल्ली यूनिवर्सिटी में दिखे "ISIS" समर्थित नारे! एबीवीपी ने की पुलिस में शिकायत Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Apple's advances in AI Continue to Surface at a Record Pace as news of a 'Neural Engine' Chip now Emerges | Main | Two Older Apple Office Buildings in Cupertino were Temporarily Evacuated due to a Gas Leak » May 27, 2017 Apple Opened their First Singapore Store Today with 237 Staff and Angela Ahrendts Greeting Happy Customers   On Monday we reported that the new Apple Store in Singapore would open on May 27 and on schedule it opened to the public with great fan fare and Apple's classic opening day greeting as noted in our cover graphic. The store is the first of its kind in Singapore, running entirely on solar energy. See our cover graphic in full size by clicking on the image.   The new Apple store called the 'Apple Orchard Road' has a 120-foot glass façade that blurs the line between inside and out, while 16 interior trees continue the city's lush greenery throughout the space.   The Apple Orchard Road store opened this morning at 10 a.m. to thousands of customers who queued to explore Apple's first store in Southeast Asia. Braving the equatorial heat as early as Friday night, customers were greeted by Apple's Angela Ahrendts and the store's 237 employees when doors opened.   The new store is two stories with the second floor used for 'Today at Apple' events and classes. The store is graced with twin curved castagna stone staircases which adds a new flare to the Singapore store as noted below.   The Singapore Straits Times has a walk-through video highlighted today. While it's available, check it out here. A month ago Apple opened the doors to their new Dubai store.     About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.     Posted by Jack Purcher on May 27, 2017 at 05:44 AM in 5. Apple News | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts Our Report covers Major Patent Troller Uniloc Filing 3 Lawsuits against Apple and a Video taking a Peek at the 'Patent Scam' Industry Two Older Apple Office Buildings in Cupertino were Temporarily Evacuated due to a Gas Leak Apple Opened their First Singapore Store Today with 237 Staff and Angela Ahrendts Greeting Happy Customers Apple's advances in AI Continue to Surface at a Record Pace as news of a 'Neural Engine' Chip now Emerges The Case about the Downing of an Air Egypt Flight related to Apple Devices is still ongoing with Apple not Involved The May Cover of the 'The New Yorker' Magazine was designed on an iPad Pro by Artist Jorge Colombo The Full Universal Secure Registry Lawsuit against Apple and Visa over the Apple Pay System is now Revealed TSMC Executive Says they're testing 7nm Chips for 12 Top Customers & will Ramp up Production in H2 2018 IDC's Five Year Forecast See's Notebooks and Detachables as Growth Areas, Desktops and Tablets in Steady Decline Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. Apple News 6A - Rumors, Supply Chain + 6B. Non-Apple Reports, Editorials, Opinons 7. Apple / Market Statistics 8. Apple Events & Financial News 9. 3D, Siri, Facial/Audio Biometrics Apple Accessories Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple Macs Apple Pay Apple Pencil + Apple Store Apple Watch AppleTV Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Haptics, Sensors & Tactile Maps/Indoor Mapping + Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Software + OS Wireless Charging See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video Search Search Home Technology Smartphones iPhone tips and tricks: Simple way to turn on or off read receipts on iMessage Here's how to change your iMessage read receipt settings on your iPhone. Sami Khan   May 27, 2017 17:13 IST Apple iMessage.Apple iTunes store Apple iPhone users have the exclusive privilege of iMessage and Facetime, which helps them stay connected with their other iPhone user friends. Look at it as the benefits of a private club. While Facetime is used for video calling, iMessage works as an instant messenger for iPhone users. Just like WhatsApp, iMessage has a feature that lets you see if the recipient has received and read a message. It is a helpful feature, but some users would rather have that feature disabled not to dampen the sender's mood if unable to reply. You can turn the read receipts on or off in iMessage, but if you are unable to find the setting here's a step-by-step guide to help you out. Step 1: Go to "Settings" on your iPhone. Step 2: Select Messages from the list of options. iMessage settingApple Step 3: Go to the fourth option in the list for "Send Read Receipts" and turn the toggle button to on or off. iMessage settingApple If the read receipt setting is turned off, the toggle button will be white, and green if the setting is on. iMessageApple But what if you wish to have the read receipt notification turned on or off for one particular contact? Apple has you covered. iMessage settingApple To do so, launch Messages from the home-screen. Select the iMessage conversation you want to change the setting for, and then tap on "i" in the top right hand corner. Scroll down to "Send Read Receipts" and toggle the switch to on or off. Related Apple iPhone 8 may include a feature that Samsung Galaxy S8 failed to incorporate Apple developing dedicated AI processor chip codenamed 'Apple Neural Engine' Apple iPhone 8, 7s series release date details revealed Post Comment IBT TV Close Vodafone Foundation helps save mothers’ and children’s lives in one of the world’s worst HIV hotspots Why advertise with us? Latest News Google's AlphaGo AI is retiring soon and here's why 23 minutes ago By Vinod Yalburgi Why advertise with us? most popular Samsung Galaxy Feel with small screen launched launched in Japan Samsung Galaxy Feel with 4.7-inch display could have been launched to take on Apple's iPhone SE that was released last year. New OnePlus 5 images leaked: Vertical dual camera setup and protective cover revealed Freshly leaked images of OnePlus 5 confirm vertical dual camera setup, contrary to the previous leak. Apple iPhone 8 may include a feature that Samsung Galaxy S8 failed to incorporate Apple has finally found a solution to integrate the fingerprint sensor right into the iPhone 8's OLED screen. Success of Redmi Note 4, Redmi 4A, Redmi 4 paves way for Mi 6 in India Xiaomi Mi 6 might launch in India next month with first flash sale scheduled for July 23. IPhone 8 hands-on video leaked: No home button, dual rear camera, bezel-less screen & more In this video, a dummy model of iPhone 8 is shown to reveal the exterior design with little left to our imagination. Why delay in release of Nokia 3, 5, 6, 3310 will affect sales in India Nokia 3, Nokia 5, Nokia 6 and Nokia 3310 are expected to be released in India next month, but its delay could upset fans. Samsung Galaxy J3, Galaxy J5, and Galaxy J7 (2017) launch imminent Samsung is expected to release three handsets — Galaxy J3 (2017), Galaxy J5 (2017), and Galaxy J7 (2017) — soon. Nokia 9 8GB model achieves unbelievably low scores on Geekbench Nokia 9 8GB model scores unbelievably low in single-core and multi-core Geekbench tests in comparison to the 4GB variant. Photo Gallery Fans are going gaga over Sachin: A Billion Dreams Sachin: A Billion Dreams has released yesterday and has not only been receiving critical acclaim but also audience appreciation and love from all quarters. Arshad Warsi, Gulshan Grover, Neha Bhasin at The Caribbean: Salazar's Revenge special screening Hollywood film Pirates of The Caribbean: Salazar's Revenge, in Mumbai on May 25, 2017. Celebs like Arshad Warsi, Maria Goretti, Gulshan Grover, singer Neha Bhasin, Television actor Mohammed Iqbal Khan and others graced the event. India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Site Navigation Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
Subscribe ▲ Learn more about Macworld's Digital Edition    🔎 Home News Reviews How-To Video Macs iPhone/iPad iPhone iPad iOS OS X iOS Apps Accessories Business Entertainment Subscribe Resources Macs MacBooks Mac Desktops iPhones Blogs iPads Accessories Apps Audio Business Cameras Components Development Software Displays E-readers Home Theater iOS iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories iPods OS X Printers Networking Productivity Software Smartwatches Storage Styluses iPhone iPad iOS Home iOS The Macalope By The Macalope, Macworld | May 27, 2017 4:00 AM PT Opinion Killer unicorns: Every device an iPhone-killer Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. More like this iPhone 8 rumors: Delayed production schedule could result in blockbuster... Flophone: Analyzing the iPhone 8 8 ways the iPhone 8 can beat the Galaxy S8 Video Is Google Assistant better than Siri? | The iPhone Show When it comes to wishing for magical, iPhone-killing devices, dope springs eternal because every new device is surely the one, no matter how little you know about it. Writing for TheStreet, Amanda Shiavo adopts her spookiest voice and says “Beware Apple, Android's Founder Andy Rubin Is About to Reveal 'Something Big’.” (Tip o’ the antlers to @JonyIveParody.) Android founder Andy Rubin's new company, Essential, tweeted today that "something big" is coming on May 30 and the announcement is likely to be a new smartphone. We’re not really sure what it is but the thing we know for sure is that Apple is probably going out of business on May 31st. Keep an eye out on this one, Apple. Helpful advice. Apple might have missed it. The often don’t pay attention to what’s going on in the industry so… good tip. TheStreet isn’t the only outfit that is very helpfully warning Apple about this iPhone-killing Rubicorn. Boy Genius Report’s Chris Smith goes even further: “Andy Rubin’s mysterious new Android phone will do something your iPhone can’t.” We don’t know many things about the Essential phone right now… But it’s gonna be so awesome and Apple-affecting, y’all. …other than it’s supposed to have an edge-to-edge screen and offer a feature unseen on the iPhone so far. WOW! You know what other smartphone had features that weren’t on the iPhone? THE HITLERPHONE IS NOT A THING, GARY, STOP SAYING THAT. The Amazon Fire Phone. Anyone know how that turned out? Probably super well. Not worth checking. …Essential tweeted an image that shows a phone complete with a strange accessory on top. Thus causing a giant sinkhole to open up at One Infinite Loop and swallow Apple whole, The End. Seriously, a strange accessory? Is there any point in even having WWDC? If you Zapruder the heck out of the image you’ll see that what appears to be on the top of the device might (possibly) be (who knows?) “a 360-degree camera accessory for VR and AR” (or not). Because clearly the problem with the current state of VR and AR isn’t that the quality of what’s been produced so far is so bad, it’s that there isn’t a crapton more really lousy stuff out there. You might want to keep a bucket next to you when you check out community-produced VR and AR. That’s all we know about the Essential iPhone killer at this point… It seems like it’s a phone. And it has a thing on top. And it will kill the iPhone. That’s all we know. But, really, we didn’t need to know anything about it at all to know the third thing. That was a given. To comment on this article and other Macworld content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. Related: iOS Macalope Apple iOS 10 iPhone 7 iPhone SE Android Nougat You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Macworld Macworld is your best source for all things Apple. We give you the scoop on what's new, what's best and how to make the most out of the products you love. About Us Contact Us Mac OS X Hints Ad Choices Digital Magazines Newsletters Privacy Policy RSS Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Macworld CATEGORIES Business Creative Entertainment iOS Apps Mac Apps MacCentral iPhone/iPad OS X Podcasts Video IDG Network Sites Advertise Careers at IDG Creative Lab IDG IDG Consumer & SMB Knowledge Hub Macworld|iWorld PCWorld TechHive Permissions Try Macworld Risk-Free Subscribe Now Follow us    Visit other IDG sites: Select One CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDG Connect IDG TechNetwork IDG.tv InfoWorld IT News ITworld JavaWorld Network World PC World TechHive The Industry Standard Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc.
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Tech ‘First Billionaire In Hip Hop’ Dr. Dre Celebrates Beats Headphones Sale To Apple [VIDEO] Giuseppe Macri Tech Editor Giuseppe Macri12:20 PM 05/09/2014      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP After news broke late Thursday that Apple is working on a $3.2 billion deal to buy Beats Electronics, the developer behind the popular headphones of the same name, company co-founder and hip hop producer Dr. Dre, appeared in a video online and declared himself “the first billionaire in hip hop.” Actor Tyrese Gibson was apparently celebrating with Dre in the producer’s studio following the reports, and posted the video to his Facebook page. “They need to update the Forbes list,” Gibson said in the video referencing the magazine’s list of the world’s richest people, and described Dre as having joined the “billionaire boys club.” “In a big way — understand that,” Dre followed up. “The first billionaire in hip hop.” Though the expletive-rich video appears to show Dre celebrating the deal, he doesn’t explicitly reference or confirm the news. The post has since been taken down, but initially included the caption: “How did I end up in the studio with Dr Dre ON THE night his deal went public that he did with Apple 3.2 BILLION!!!!! The BEATS HEADPHONES JUST CHANGED HIP HOP!!!!!!” WATCH: The New York Times, Wall Street Journal and Financial Times reported the story Thursday citing sources briefed on the talks. Beats by Dre headphones‘ annual sales revenues have reportedly gone up to $1.5 billion since the company was founded with music executive Jimmy Iovine began selling headphones in 2008. The deal would include the new Beats Music streaming service, which Apple is likely acquiring to compete with streaming services like Pandora and Spotify after the company’s iTunes Radio failed to impress the industry. Apple’s revenue growth has declined sharply in recent years, and the company only entered the broadly popular streaming market last year — late because of former CEO Steve Jobs’ reported unfavorable opinion of music subscription services. The company continues to be the largest seller of music downloads, but is losing market share to companies like Amazon. Purchasing Beats would mark Apple’s largest acquisition ever. The headphones retail between about $169.95 to $449.95, depending on model and features, and despite many music and sound industry experts describing their quality as “extraordinarily bad,” the brand has become enormously popular as a fashion item among a younger consumer base, and the popular alternative to standard earbuds models. Beats’ success is due in large part to its wide profit margins – despite the steep prices of the popular bass-heavy headphone models, each individual unit reportedly only costs around $14 to produce. Private equity firm Carlyle Group invested $500 million in Beats last year, and valued the company at more than $1 billion. Neither Apple nor Beats would comment on the deal in the original reports, and the briefed sources said they were still in the negotiation stage. Though the companies have yet to consummate the agreement, and it could still fall through, if things go as planned the official announcement could be made as early as next week. Follow Giuseppe on Twitter and Facebook. Tags: Apple, Beats, Dr. Dre Hide Comments   Show 1484 comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Apple is working on a chip to power artificial intelligence in future gadgets, including the iPhone Steve Kovach May 26, 2017, 3:47 PM 4,494 facebook linkedin twitter email print REUTERS/Aly Song Apple is working on chips to power artificial-intelligence capabilities in its gadgets, Bloomberg's Mark Gurman reported Friday. The chips would handle more advanced AI tasks, such as facial recognition, and help better manage battery life and power, the report says. The chips could also be used in future products, like self-driving cars or digital glasses, in addition to iPhones and iPads. The news comes as Apple's competitors like Google, Amazon, and Microsoft have made significant advancements in AI. At its developers conference last week, Google showed how it was adding AI to a variety of products, including phones, connected speakers, and cars. Apple is seen largely as behind the competition when it comes to AI, which could power the next wave of connected gadgets. Last year, Apple made some improvements to its Siri AI assistant, giving access to third-party developers in limited categories like messaging and payments. Apple's developers conference starts June 5, and many will be paying attention to more advancements in Apple's AI. EXCLUSIVE FREE REPORT: 25 Big Tech Predictions by BI Intelligence. Get the Report Now » SEE ALSO: Everything Google announced at its developers conference NOW WATCH: Microsoft just unveiled a $1,000 laptop — and it’s taking on Apple's MacBook Air Loading video... More: Apple Artificial Intelligence AI iPhone chips facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Apple is working on a chip to power artificial intelligence in future gadgets, including the iPhone Apple is working on a chip to power artificial intelligence in future gadgets, including the iPhone Apple is working on chips to power... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured HENRY BLODGET: Bitcoin could go to $1 million (or fall to $0) More "The Bottom Line" » First job, first car, first apartment: The smartest things to do with your money in your 20s More "Life Plan" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Orchard Road opens in Singapore PHOTOS May 27, 2017 The 120-foot glass facade blurs the barrier between inside and out, while 16 interior trees continue the city’s lush greenery throughout the space. Apple Orchard Road opened Saturday to thousands of customers who queued to explore Apple’s first store in Southeast Asia. Braving the equatorial heat as early as Friday night, customers were greeted by Apple’s Angela Ahrendts and the store’s 237 employees when doors opened at 10 a.m. Apple’s first store in Southeast Asia opened to customers on Saturday, May 27. Angela Ahrendts, Apple’s senior vice president of Retail, welcomes customers to Apple’s first store in Southeast Asia. The Forum is home to “Today at Apple,” new in-store programming that includes 60 free, hands-on sessions. Twin curved Castagna stone staircases are the architectural highlight of Apple Orchard Road. A unique 25-foot canopy protects Apple Orchard Road from tropical sunlight and provides shelter from the rain. Apple Stores around the world welcome over 1 million customers a day. Photos of Apple Orchard Road CategoriesUncategorized TagsPhotos Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Skupina Sirius kupuje společnost International Medical Group Next PostNext Robotic Process Automation Market Trends, Challenges and Growth Drivers Analysis 2022 Search Recent Posts La gestion de l’administration et des finances publiques est désormais informatisée aux Comores Malaysia Shares Lessons on Achieving High Financial Inclusion for Other Countries Vanuatu Rural Electrification Program benefits remote communities Malaysia to Use Open Data to Improve Public Service Delivery and Promote Innovation Dünya Bankası Türkiye’de Düzenlenen Uluslararası Jeotermal Konferansının Ev Sahipliğini Paylaşıyor Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Daily Express The Express Tribune Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live Sunday, 28 May 2017 Subscribe Express News The Express Tribune Web Chutney Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live RSS Today's Paper Subscribe beta 2.1 Sunday, 28 May 2017 Today's Paper Advertise Home Pakistan Business Tech Videos World Opinion Life & Style Sports T.Edit Blogs Jobs Classifieds Labs Events Games The Express Tribune > Technology   iPhone 8 will have 'Touch ID integrated into display' Share Tweet iPhone 8 will have 'Touch ID integrated into display' Apple has been trying to integr­ate finger­print sensor­s direct­ly into screen­s since June 2015 By Tech Desk Published: May 27, 2017 0SHARES Share Tweet Email If the reports are true, it would come as a relief for Apple fans anxiously waiting for the tenth edition iPhone. PHOTO: Apple It seems that Apple has achieved what Samsung couldn’t. According to a new report, Apple has finally been able to integrate Touch ID fingerprint sensor directly into the display of its much awaited upcoming iPhone 8. Quoting sources from Apple’s supplier Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSMC), Chinese-language Economic Daily News claimed the company had apparently confirmed Apple’s achievement during a technology convention held in Taipei on Thursday. Here’s when iPhone 8 is expected to be released During the TSMC 2017 NA Technology Symposium, the Taiwanese company discussed how Cupertino-based tech giant has been able to forgo the physical home button on its upcoming by using “an optical fingerprint sensor to enable authentication directly on the screen”. If the reports are true, it would come as a relief for Apple fans anxiously waiting for the tenth edition iPhone especially after reports that Apple has been struggling to find a viable solution to integrate the Touch ID sensor into display that overcomes the production challenges involved. The company has reportedly been trying to find ways to integrate fingerprint sensors directly into screens since June 2015. Is this what the iPhone 8 may look like? Further, the sources claimed that the new iPhones would also be equipped with “invisible infrared image sensors to enhance the functionality of the high-pixel camera” and to enable augmented reality functions. Apple is widely expected to release the iconic iPhone 8 to mark the tech giant’s 10th year anniversary this year along with the iPhone 7S and iPhone 7S Plus, two phones that follow the tech giant’s traditional update cycle.   This article originally appeared on MacRumors. Read more: Apple , iPhone , iPhone 8 Read full story Recommended Stories Apple has a dedicated website to convince Android users to switch to iPhone A few years ago, Apple launched a similar campaign to persuade Windows PC users to "Get a Mac" Apple begins assembling iPhone SE in India The low-priced smartphone will be available to customers this month iPhone 8 might cost you as much as a MacBook The 10th anniversary edition is expected to feature new hardware and a revamped design Facebook Conversations Leave Your Reply Below Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Email Location Your comments may appear in The Express Tribune paper. For this reason we encourage you to provide your city. The Express Tribune does not bear any responsibility for user comments. Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Comments are moderated and generally will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive. For more information, please see our Comments FAQ. Most Read 1 10 sehri meals to keep your energy level high during Ramazan 2 How Imran Khan stays fit during Ramazan 3 Osama Bin Laden's wife opens up for first time about night he was killed 4 'India won’t allow IoK to be part of CPEC' 5 Congressman urges Trump to consider resuming airstrikes in Pakistan 6 Punjab govt's 'Sahiwal power plant' pictures stir controversy 7 Pakistan left with limited options in Saudi-led Islamic military alliance 8 Priyanka Chopra still wears her ex-boyfriend's hoody and we can't help but relate 9 Ramazan moon not sighted, fasting month to commence from Sunday 10 Karachi hit by major power breakdown Connect With Tribune News Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Get news delivered to your inbox Your Email Address Great! You'll get your first email soon. Recent Slideshows Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (May 2017) Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (April 2017) Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (March 2017) Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (February 2017) More in TechnologyBMW unveils its latest concept motorcycle © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] Pakistan Sindh Punjab Balochistan KP & FATA Jammu & Kashmir Gilgit Baltistan Life & Style Books Music TV & Film Fashion Food Gossip Videos Slideshows Videos Opinion Editorial Letters Business World Sports Magazine Others About us Online Advertising RSS Feeds Google+ Subscribe to the Paper Contact us Careers Style Guide Privacy Policy Copyrights Code of ethics Mobile App This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, redistributed or derived from. Unless otherwise stated, all content is copyrighted © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] facebook twitter whatsapp
Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Travel Football Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News Business Health And Fitness Podcast Immersive Gossip Latest News Compare India Lifestyle World Business Photos Football GIRS Champions Trophy 2017 Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports All Sections LIVE TV Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Travel Football Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News Business Health And Fitness Podcast Immersive Gossip Latest NewsCompare IndiaLifestyleWorldBusinessPhotosFootballGIRSChampions Trophy 2017 Latest News Compare India Lifestyle World Business Photos Football GIRS Champions Trophy 2017 X DON'T SHARE NUISANCE. SHARE NEWS. Be a responsible citizen. Come, pledge to always check and share verified and vetted news. Submit Apple Reportedly Building AI Chip for iPhone Bill Seeking H-1B Limits Exemption for US PhD Holders Re-introduced Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Vs Honor 6X: Which One is Better? BMW 7 Series (730Ld) Has All the Tech That You Can Desire in 2017 News18 » Tech 1-min read Apple Reportedly Building AI Chip for iPhone IANS Updated: May 27, 2017, 2:49 PM IST Apple is experimenting with wireless charging technologies. (Image: Reuters) US tech giant Apple is reportedly developing a dedicated artificial intelligence (AI) chip, called the Apple Neural Engine, that would power AI-related tasks on mobile devices. "The chip would be used to offload tasks that require sophisticated algorithms related to facial and speech recognition and augmented reality tasks that rely heavily on computer vision," technology website theverge.com reported on Saturday. The chip is also said to improve battery life and the overall performance of Apple devices. Watch video review of Xiaomi Redmi 4 With the new chip, Apple seeks to separate the computationally intensive tasks from the iPhone's processor and graphics chip. The company is experimenting with wireless charging technologies that could see users charge their iPhones with a Wi-Fi router. "Apple's patent application for ‘Wireless Charging and Communications Systems With Dual-Frequency Patch Antennas' is a method for transferring power to electronic devices over frequencies normally dedicated to data communications," appleinsider.com reported earlier. The patch antennas may be used for wireless power transfer at microwave frequencies or other frequencies and may be used to support millimetre wave communications. AI Chip Apple iPhone First Published: May 27, 2017, 2:49 PM IST Read full article Next Story Recommended For You Sachin: A Billion Dreams: It Coasts Along on the Strength of Nostalgia When Caste Killed Community in Saharanpur Take a Journey Through the Lives of Famous Sportsmen With These Films AB De Villiers Angry at 'Ball-Tampering' Inference Challenge is to Not Think About Defending Title, Says Virat Kohli About Us Privacy Policy Disclaimer Contact Us Sitemap Complaint Redressal Advertise With Us sections India Lifestyle States Tech Politics Auto Sports iVideos Football Power Circuit Latest News Virtuosity: Vir Sanghvi In Conversation With General Bikram Singh Champions Trophy: Junaid Takes a Dig at Kohli Ahead of Indo-Pak Clash CBSE Results: Beyond BA, BCom and BSc, a World of Interesting Career Options 13-year-old Gets 'Most Likely to Become a Terrorist' Award in US Dangal Surpasses Baahubali 2 to Become Highest Grossing Indian Film Watch LIVE From Network18 News18 India CricketNext News18 States Pradesh18 Bangla News Gujarati News Urdu News Marathi News Topper Moneycontrol Firstpost CompareIndia History India MTV India In.com Burrp E-Learning Franchise Opportunity CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2016 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP, displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of NEWS18.com does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved.
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट News & Analysis Reviews Biztech Startup Gaming Auto News Videos #Oppo Firstpost Shareworthy MP farmer gets Rs 2000 notes sans Mahatma Gandhi image BJP lauds PM Narendra Modi on Twitter, claims Dawood's properties seized after diplomatic masterstroke Before UP Elections 2017, films to catch up on, from Omkara to Masaan: Throwback Thursday Guru Gobind Singh's 350th birth anniversary: Narendra Modi to attend Prakash Parv in Patna Renowned sitar player Abdul Halim Jaffer Khan passed away at 88 more from #Apple Apple may be working on a dedicated AI chip for the upcoming iPhone Apple opens its first official store in South East Asia Tech companies increase acquisitions to build artificial intelligence-enabled systems Top Reviews 3T (128GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 34,999 F3 Plus Editor rating : 8 Price: 30,990 Redmi Note 4 (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 12,999 GT73VR 7RF Titan Pro Editor rating : 8 Price: 336,000 V5 Plus (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 8 Price: 27,980 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Apple may be working on a dedicated AI chip for the upcoming iPhone By IANS /  27 May 2017 , 14:59 #Apple Getty Images US tech giant Apple is reportedly developing a dedicated artificial intelligence (AI) chip, called the Apple Neural Engine, that would power AI-related tasks on mobile devices. “The chip would be used to offload tasks that require sophisticated algorithms related to facial and speech recognition and augmented reality tasks that rely heavily on computer vision,” technology website theverge.com reported on Saturday. The chip is also said to improve battery life and the overall performance of Apple devices. With the new chip, Apple seeks to separate the computationally intensive tasks from the iPhone’s processor and graphics chip. The company is experimenting with wireless charging technologies that could see users charge their iPhones with a Wi-Fi router. “Apple’s patent application for ‘Wireless Charging and Communications Systems With Dual-Frequency Patch Antennas’ is a method for transferring power to electronic devices over frequencies normally dedicated to data communications,” appleinsider.com reported earlier. The patch antennas may be used for wireless power transfer at microwave frequencies or other frequencies and may be used to support millimetre wave communications. Publish date: May 27, 2017 2:59 pm| Modified date: May 27, 2017 2:59 pm Tags: Apple, Apple iPhone, Apple Neural Engine, Apple WWDC 2017, Dedicated chip, iOS, iPhone, Wi-fi Also read Qualcomm files an appeal in US court; demands that Apple pay for phone patents Apple opens its first official store in South East Asia X Recommended For You Apple opens its first official store in South East Asia Tech companies increase acquisitions to build artificial intelligence-enabled systems Qualcomm files an appeal in US court; demands that Apple pay for phone patents Japan’s SoftBank Group has silently acquired $4 billion stake in US chipmaker NVIDIA Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 6 / 10 Acer TravelMate P449 review: A sensible, understated design marred by a poor display unit Rating : 8 / 10 MSI GT73VR 7RF gaming laptop review: Ludicrous performance at a ludicrous price Rating : 8 / 10 Asus ROG Strix GL553VE laptop review: A well-designed powerhouse Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range #British Airways May 28, 2017 British Airways’ computer system goes down stranding thousands, no evidence of cyber attack #Google May 28, 2017 Google’s AI-powered AlphaGo defeats the best human Go players, retires from competitive sports #Partnered May 15, 2017 Selfie experience just gone better with OPPO’s new F3 smartphones #Nasa May 28, 2017 Nasa’s Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter has survived an impact from a high speed meteoroid #Facebook May 27, 2017 Facebook plans to sell advertisements to pharmaceutical industry #IBM May 27, 2017 IBM believes that hybrid cloud is the future of computing SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) review: A well-built phone that lives or dies by Samsung Pay Rating : 6.5 / 10 Vivo Y66 smartphone review: An uninspiring device that packs a decent camera Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
Catalyst Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials BLink Portfolio How-To Social Media Computers & Laptops Mobiles & Tablets Other Gadgets Apple opens first official store in Southeast Asia PTI comments   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet Reuters The Apple logo is shown next to a heart and a red dot on the facade of Singapore's first Apple store in this May 5, 2017 photo. Aside from Singapore, its Asia shops are located in Hong Kong, China and Japan. Singapore, May 27:   Apple opened its first Southeast Asia store in Singapore today, drawing hundreds of excited fans to the swanky two-storey site in the city’s upmarket shopping district. Located on the affluent Orchard Road, the new shop — easily distinguished by its iconic glass facade — is expected to be one of the most popular Apple stores in the world according to the US tech giant. Merchandise such as the iPhone and MacBook were strategically placed on display across the spacious first floor, while the upper level acted as a classroom for customers to participate in hands-on sessions. Hundreds of shoppers camped out in anticipation of the launch, while more than a thousand thronged the store soon after the doors opened, an AFP reporter observed. First in the queue was Xiang Jiaxin, a twenty-five- -ear—old Chinese national working in Macau who had queued for more than 12 hours overnight and planned a holiday to Singapore specially to coincide with the opening. “I am very happy and excited to be part of this. I have participated in the official store openings in Macau, Guangzhou and Nanjing,” he said. Apple, which has a staggering $256.8 billion cash stockpile, celebrated its 40th anniversary last year. The Silicon Valley legend sprang out of Steve Jobs’ garage to reshape modern life with trend-setting gadgets. Most of its earnings come from the iPhone, which faces increasingly tough competition in a saturated market. The tech behemoth has almost 500 stores globally with more than a million visitors daily. Aside from Singapore, its Asia shops are located in Hong Kong, China and Japan. A regional transport, business and financial hub, Singapore attracted 16.4 million visitors last year. (This article was published on May 27, 2017) Post Comment Related TOPICS World | Singapore | economy, business and finance | company information | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... 1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team. 2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. 3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,       or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.       (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). 4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments. 5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. VIDEO ACT Fibernet CEO Bala Malladi on ACT's initiatives more videos» MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED Cognizant layoff plea closed in favour of sacked staff: Govt Apple opens first official store in Southeast Asia All you need to know about Airtel Internet TV Layoffs in Indian IT sector may continue for 1-2 years: Experts Apple knocks on IT Ministry’s doors for clarity on India plans TechM profit plunges 31% to ₹588 crore in Q4 IT workers’ union against Cognizant layoffs shift to Bengaluru LATEST NEWS IOC overtakes ONGC to become India's most profitable PSU 9 min. ago Eight of top 10 cos add Rs 93,225 cr in market cap 35 min. ago CBSE Class XII pass percentage dips, Noida girl tops with 99.6% 49 min. ago Bank of Baroda to raise Rs 9,000 cr via equity dilution 1 hr. 5 min. ago India is second most complex tax jurisdiction: Deloitte 1 hr. 41 min. ago More » O P E N close Recent Article in Info-tech Safety device from Kochi firm The Kochi-based V-Care 24X7 has developed a technology to help people in emergencies with the click of a button.V-Care 24X... » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | BLink | Portfolio | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2017, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News Zika virus outbreak in Ahmedabad: WHO confirms three cases, first in the country Top Burhan Wani aide killed in Valley, youth dies in fresh protests Before Yogi Adityanath's visit, Dalit villagers got shampoo, soap to ‘clean themselves’ Police complaint over ‘ISIS slogans’ in DU Virender Sehwag told to apply for coach; could face Anil Kumble Home Technology Tech News Apple opens its first SE Asia store in Singapore Apple opens its first SE Asia store in Singapore Apple opened its first Southeast Asia store in Singapore, drawing hundreds of excited fans to the city's upmarket shopping district. By: AFP | Singapore | Updated: May 28, 2017 9:21 am Hundreds of shoppers camped out in anticipation of the launch, while more than a thousand thronged the store soon after the doors opened. (Source: Reuters) Apple opened its first Southeast Asia store in Singapore today, drawing hundreds of excited fans to the swanky two-storey site in the city’s upmarket shopping district. Located on the affluent Orchard Road, the new shop –easily distinguished by its iconic glass facade — is expected to be one of the most popular Apple stores in the world according to the US tech giant. Merchandise such as the iPhone and MacBook were strategically placed on display across the spacious first floor, while the upper level acted as a classroom for customers to participate in hands-on sessions. Hundreds of shoppers camped out in anticipation of the launch, while more than a thousand thronged the store soon after the doors opened, an AFP reporter observed. First in the queue was Xiang Jiaxin, a twenty-five-year-old Chinese national working in Macau who had queued for more than 12 hours overnight and planned a holiday to Singapore specially to coincide with the opening. “I am very happy and excited to be part of this. I have participated in the official store openings in Macau, Guangzhou and Nanjing,” he told AFP. Apple, which has a staggering $256.8 billion cash stockpile, celebrated its 40th anniversary last year. (Source: Reuters) Apple, which has a staggering $256.8 billion cash stockpile, celebrated its 40th anniversary last year. The Silicon Valley legend sprang out of Steve Jobs’ garage to reshape modern life with trend-setting gadgets. Most of its earnings come from the iPhone, which faces increasingly tough competition in a saturated market. The tech behemoth has almost 500 stores globally with more than a million visitors daily. Aside from Singapore, its Asia shops are located in Hong Kong, China and Japan. A regional transport, business and financial hub, Singapore attracted 16.4 million visitors last year. For all the latest Tech News, download Indian Express App now Tags: Apple No Comments. Most Read WBBSE Madhyamik results 2017 announced on Saturday at wbresults.nic.in ICC Champions Trophy warm-up: Fahim Ashraf's knock of 64 guides Pakistan to two-wicket win over Bangladesh CBSE class 12 results 2017 declared: Here is everything to know CBSE Class 12th results 2017 announced on cbse.nic.in and cbseresults.nic.in Sachin A Billion Dreams box office collection day 1: Cricket's Baahubali Sachin Tendulkar's film earns Rs 8.40 crore Best of Express CBSE 12th results 2017 LIVE updates: Noida’s Raksha Gopal is the topper, pass percentage dips Mann ki Baat: PM Modi says constructive criticism strengthens democracy J-K: Army foils Pakistan infiltration bid in Poonch sector, guns down intruder OpinionThree years of Modi govt: No jobs, no peace OpinionFifth Column: Bad times ahead? Buzzing Now EntertainmentSachin A Billion Dreams movie review: The fulsome tribute will force you to hold back those tears and go 'Sachin, Sachin' EntertainmentSara Ali Khan to debut opposite Sushant Singh Rajput in Abhishek Kapoor's Kedarnath? EntertainmentDangal vs Baahubali 2 box office: Aamir-starrer set to trump SS Rajamouli film TrendingCBSE results: Twitterati buzz about marks and annoying relatives TrendingHappy Birthday AbRam Khan: Twitterati can't stop sharing cute pictures of Shah Rukh Khan's 4-year-old son Top News Petition in Pakistan SC seeks immediate execution of Kulbhushan Jadhav SportsVirender Sehwag told to apply for coach; could face Anil Kumble LifestyleTime to let go: How Mumbai holds on to its century-old BDD chawls Jharkhand's missing children: Rampant trafficking, helpless parents and growing anger SportsSehwag told to apply for India's coach SportsIndia all set for the New Zealand test in first warm-up LifestyleLabour For Art’s Sake LifestyleDown in jungleland: A starry affair TechnologyLG V30 mockup images surface online, could feature a slide-out secondary display TechnologyApple developing 'Neural Engine' chipset for future iPhones and iPads: Report May 28: Latest News Women feel ‘unsafe’ in LDF-ruled Kerala, alleges Poonam Mahajan Mann ki Baat: PM Modi says constructive criticism strengthens democracy Everyone in the Indian dressing room believed we could win 2011 World Cup, says Gautam Gambhir CBSE JEE main 2017: Paper 2 ranks released at jeemain.nic.in Petition in Pakistan SC seeks immediate execution of Kulbhushan Jadhav                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट News & Analysis Reviews Biztech Startup Gaming Auto News Videos #Oppo Firstpost Shareworthy MP farmer gets Rs 2000 notes sans Mahatma Gandhi image BJP lauds PM Narendra Modi on Twitter, claims Dawood's properties seized after diplomatic masterstroke Before UP Elections 2017, films to catch up on, from Omkara to Masaan: Throwback Thursday Guru Gobind Singh's 350th birth anniversary: Narendra Modi to attend Prakash Parv in Patna Renowned sitar player Abdul Halim Jaffer Khan passed away at 88 more from #Apple Apple may be working on a dedicated AI chip for the upcoming iPhone Apple opens its first official store in South East Asia Tech companies increase acquisitions to build artificial intelligence-enabled systems Top Reviews 3T (128GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 34,999 F3 Plus Editor rating : 8 Price: 30,990 Redmi Note 4 (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 12,999 GT73VR 7RF Titan Pro Editor rating : 8 Price: 336,000 V5 Plus (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 8 Price: 27,980 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Apple opens its first official store in South East Asia   27 May 2017 , 12:27 #Apple Image Credit: REUTERS Apple opened its first Southeast Asia store in Singapore on Saturday, drawing hundreds of excited fans to the swanky two-storey site in the city’s upmarket shopping district. Located on the affluent Orchard Road, the new shop – easily distinguished by its iconic glass facade – is expected to be one of the most popular Apple stores in the world according to the US tech giant. Merchandise such as the iPhone and MacBook were strategically placed on display across the spacious first floor, while the upper level acted as a classroom for customers to participate in hands-on sessions. Hundreds of shoppers camped out in anticipation of the launch, while more than a thousand thronged the store soon after the doors opened, an AFP reporter observed. First in the queue was Xiang Jiaxin, a twenty-five-year-old Chinese national working in Macau who had queued for more than 12 hours overnight and planned a holiday to Singapore specially to coincide with the opening. “I am very happy and excited to be part of this. I have participated in the official store openings in Macau, Guangzhou and Nanjing,” he told AFP. Apple, which has a staggering $256.8 billion cash stockpile, celebrated its 40th anniversary last year. The Silicon Valley legend sprang out of Steve Jobs’ garage to reshape modern life with trend-setting gadgets. Most of its earnings come from the iPhone, which faces increasingly tough competition in a saturated market. The tech behemoth has almost 500 stores globally with more than a million visitors daily. Aside from Singapore, its Asia shops are located in Hong Kong, China and Japan. A regional transport, business and financial hub, Singapore attracted 16.4 million visitors last year. Publish date: May 27, 2017 12:27 pm| Modified date: May 27, 2017 12:27 pm Tags: Apple, Apple Store, Asia, iPhone, MacBook, Orchard Road, Singapore, Xiang Jiaxin X Recommended For You Apple may be working on a dedicated AI chip for the upcoming iPhone Tech companies increase acquisitions to build artificial intelligence-enabled systems Qualcomm files an appeal in US court; demands that Apple pay for phone patents Japan’s SoftBank Group has silently acquired $4 billion stake in US chipmaker NVIDIA Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 6 / 10 Acer TravelMate P449 review: A sensible, understated design marred by a poor display unit Rating : 8 / 10 MSI GT73VR 7RF gaming laptop review: Ludicrous performance at a ludicrous price Rating : 8 / 10 Asus ROG Strix GL553VE laptop review: A well-designed powerhouse Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range #Defence May 28, 2017 A Rs 1,300 Cr facility for testing drones and other defence weapons is being set up in Karnataka #Samsung May 28, 2017 Samsung accidentally announces the Galaxy J5 (2017) and J7 (2017) smartphones on Korean website #Partnered May 15, 2017 Selfie experience just gone better with OPPO’s new F3 smartphones #British Airways May 28, 2017 British Airways’ computer system goes down stranding thousands, no evidence of cyber attack #Google May 28, 2017 Google’s AI-powered AlphaGo defeats the best human Go players, retires from competitive sports #Nasa May 28, 2017 Nasa’s Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter has survived an impact from a high speed meteoroid SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) review: A well-built phone that lives or dies by Samsung Pay Rating : 6.5 / 10 Vivo Y66 smartphone review: An uninspiring device that packs a decent camera Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News Zika virus outbreak in Ahmedabad: WHO confirms three cases, first in the country Top Burhan Wani aide killed in Valley, youth dies in fresh protests Before Yogi Adityanath's visit, Dalit villagers got shampoo, soap to ‘clean themselves’ Police complaint over ‘ISIS slogans’ in DU Virender Sehwag told to apply for coach; could face Anil Kumble Home Technology Tech News Apple said to plan dedicated chip to power AI on devices Apple said to plan dedicated chip to power AI on devices Apple is working on a processor devoted specifically to AI-related tasks, according to a person familiar with the matter. By: Bloomberg | Published:May 27, 2017 1:02 pm Apple is working on a processor devoted specifically to AI-related tasks, according to a person familiar with the matter. Apple Inc. got an early start in artificial intelligence software with the 2011 introduction of Siri, a tool that lets users operate their smartphones with voice commands. Now the electronics giant is bringing artificial intelligence to chips. Apple is working on a processor devoted specifically to AI-related tasks, according to a person familiar with the matter. The chip, known internally as the Apple Neural Engine, would improve the way the company’s devices handle tasks that would otherwise require human intelligence — such as facial recognition and speech recognition, said the person, who requested anonymity discussing a product that hasn’t been made public. Apple declined to comment. Engineers at Apple are racing to catch their peers at Amazon.com Inc. and Alphabet Inc. in the booming field of artificial intelligence. While Siri gave Apple an early advantage in voice-recognition, competitors have since been more aggressive in deploying AI across their product lines, including Amazon’s Echo and Google’s Home digital assistants. An AI-enabled processor would help Cupertino, California-based Apple integrate more advanced capabilities into devices, particularly cars that drive themselves and gadgets that run augmented reality, the technology that superimposes graphics and other information onto a person’s view of the world. “Two of the areas that Apple is betting its future on require AI,” said Gene Munster, former Apple analyst and co-founder of venture capital firm Loup Ventures. “At the core of augmented reality and self-driving cars is artificial intelligence.” Improved Performance Apple devices currently handle complex artificial intelligence processes with two different chips: the main processor and the graphics chip. The new chip would let Apple offload those tasks onto a dedicated module designed specifically for demanding artificial intelligence processing, allowing Apple to improve battery performance. Should Apple bring the chip out of testing and development, it would follow other semiconductor makers that have already introduced dedicated AI chips. Qualcomm Inc.’s latest Snapdragon chip for smartphones has a module for handling artificial intelligence tasks, while Google announced its first chip, called the Tensor Processing Unit (TPU), in 2016. That chip worked in Google’s data centers to power search results and image-recognition. At its I/O conference this year, Google announced a new version that will be available to clients of its cloud business. Nvidia Corp. also sells a similar chip to cloud customers. The Apple AI chip is designed to make significant improvements to Apple’s hardware over time, and the company plans to eventually integrate the chip into many of its devices, including the iPhone and iPad, according to the person with knowledge of the matter. Apple has tested prototypes of future iPhones with the chip, the person said, adding that it’s unclear if the component will be ready this year. Apple’s operating systems and software features would integrate with devices that include the chip. For example, Apple has considered offloading facial recognition in the photos application, some parts of speech recognition, and the iPhone’s predictive keyboard to the chip, the person said. Apple also plans to offer developer access to the chip so third-party apps can also offload artificial intelligence-related tasks, the person said. Developer Conference Apple may choose to discuss some of its latest advancements in AI at its annual developer’s conference in June. At the same conference, Apple plans to introduce iOS 11, its new operating system for iPhones and iPads, with an updated user-interface, people with knowledge of the matter said last month. The company is also said to discuss updated laptops with faster chips from Intel Corp. An AI chip would join a growing list of processors that Apple has created in-house. The company began designing its own main processors for the iPhone and iPad in 2010 with the A4 chip. It has since released dedicated processors to power the Apple Watch, the motion sensors across its products, the wireless components inside of its AirPods, and the fingerprint scanner in the MacBook Pro. The company has also tested a chip to run the low-power mode on Mac laptops. In 2015, Bloomberg reported that Apple’s culture of secrecy stymied the iPhone maker’s ability to attract top AI research talent. Since then, Apple has acquired multiple companies with deep ties to artificial intelligence, has begun publishing papers related to AI research, has joined a key research group and has made hires from the field. In October 2016, Apple hired Russ Salakhutdinov from Carnegie Mellon University as its director of AI research. For all the latest Tech News, download Indian Express App now Tags: Apple J Jack Smith May 27, 2017 at 3:39 pm 2015 for Google TensorFlow Processors (TPUs) and NOT 2016. Even today the first generation TPUs beat anything commercially available. But Google now has generation 2 which is just miles ahead of anything else. A TPU pod is able to generate 11.5 peta flops of fp16. No that is NOT a typo. But the key is Google is doing it on a small fraction of the power of any compe or. So Google inference per joule is a tiny fraction of someone like Nvidia. Smart move on Apple to try to copy Google and create something similar. Google shared the details of their generation 1 in a paper that Apple could then just use to build theirs. Reply Most Read WBBSE Madhyamik results 2017 announced on Saturday at wbresults.nic.in ICC Champions Trophy warm-up: Fahim Ashraf's knock of 64 guides Pakistan to two-wicket win over Bangladesh CBSE class 12 results 2017 declared: Here is everything to know CBSE Class 12th results 2017 announced on cbse.nic.in and cbseresults.nic.in Sachin A Billion Dreams box office collection day 1: Cricket's Baahubali Sachin Tendulkar's film earns Rs 8.40 crore Best of Express CBSE 12th results 2017 LIVE updates: Noida’s Raksha Gopal is the topper, pass percentage dips Mann ki Baat: PM Modi says constructive criticism strengthens democracy J-K: Army foils Pakistan infiltration bid in Poonch sector, guns down intruder OpinionThree years of Modi govt: No jobs, no peace OpinionFifth Column: Bad times ahead? Buzzing Now EntertainmentSachin A Billion Dreams movie review: The fulsome tribute will force you to hold back those tears and go 'Sachin, Sachin' EntertainmentSara Ali Khan to debut opposite Sushant Singh Rajput in Abhishek Kapoor's Kedarnath? EntertainmentDangal vs Baahubali 2 box office: Aamir-starrer set to trump SS Rajamouli film TrendingCBSE results: Twitterati buzz about marks and annoying relatives TrendingHappy Birthday AbRam Khan: Twitterati can't stop sharing cute pictures of Shah Rukh Khan's 4-year-old son Top News Petition in Pakistan SC seeks immediate execution of Kulbhushan Jadhav SportsVirender Sehwag told to apply for coach; could face Anil Kumble LifestyleTime to let go: How Mumbai holds on to its century-old BDD chawls Jharkhand's missing children: Rampant trafficking, helpless parents and growing anger SportsSehwag told to apply for India's coach SportsIndia all set for the New Zealand test in first warm-up LifestyleLabour For Art’s Sake LifestyleDown in jungleland: A starry affair TechnologyLG V30 mockup images surface online, could feature a slide-out secondary display TechnologyApple developing 'Neural Engine' chipset for future iPhones and iPads: Report May 28: Latest News Women feel ‘unsafe’ in LDF-ruled Kerala, alleges Poonam Mahajan Mann ki Baat: PM Modi says constructive criticism strengthens democracy Everyone in the Indian dressing room believed we could win 2011 World Cup, says Gautam Gambhir CBSE JEE main 2017: Paper 2 ranks released at jeemain.nic.in Petition in Pakistan SC seeks immediate execution of Kulbhushan Jadhav                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Markets #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » International » News » Technology Sri Lanka: 91 killed in floods, India dispatches relief to island nation Business Standard Apple Inc opens its first official store in Singapore The store is expected to be one of the most popular Apple stores in the world AFP/PTI  |  Singapore  May 27, 2017 Last Updated at 12:49 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UVod1M Photo: Reuters ALSO READ Apple market cap could reach $900 bn as it launches $1,000 iPhone this year Apple to start India manufacturing in coming months with iPhone SE: Report Apple to unveil new iPad Pro, iPhone SE model, Apple Watch this month Apple shares up before expected launch of iPad Pro lineup, iPhone SE iPhone SE to be assembled in India Apple opened its first Southeast Asia store in Singapore today, drawing hundreds of excited fans to the swanky two-storey site in the city's upmarket shopping district. Located on the affluent Orchard Road, the new shop -- easily distinguished by its iconic glass facade -- is expected to be one of the most popular Apple stores in the world according to the US tech giant. Merchandise such as the iPhone and MacBook were strategically placed on display across the spacious first floor, while the upper level acted as a classroom for customers to participate in hands-on sessions. Hundreds of shoppers camped out in anticipation of the launch, while more than a thousand thronged the store soon after the doors opened, an AFP reporter observed. First in the queue was Xiang Jiaxin, a twenty-five- year-old Chinese national working in Macau who had queued for more than 12 hours overnight and planned a holiday to Singapore specially to coincide with the opening. "I am very happy and excited to be part of this. I have participated in the official store openings in Macau, Guangzhou and Nanjing," he told AFP. Apple, which has a staggering $256.8 billion cash stockpile, celebrated its 40th anniversary last year. The Silicon Valley legend sprang out of Steve Jobs' garage to reshape modern life with trend-setting gadgets. Most of its earnings come from the iPhone, which faces increasingly tough competition in a saturated market. The tech behemoth has almost 500 stores globally with more than a million visitors daily. Aside from Singapore, its Asia shops are located in Hong Kong, China and Japan. A regional transport, business and financial hub, Singapore attracted 16.4 million visitors last year. Read More On Apple Inc | Se Asia | Singapore | Iphone | Macbook | International | Technology PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance New to investing in shares? New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Apple Inc opens its first official store in Singapore The store is expected to be one of the most popular Apple stores in the world The store is expected to be one of the most popular Apple stores in the world Apple opened its first Southeast Asia store in Singapore today, drawing hundreds of excited fans to the swanky two-storey site in the city's upmarket shopping district. Located on the affluent Orchard Road, the new shop -- easily distinguished by its iconic glass facade -- is expected to be one of the most popular Apple stores in the world according to the US tech giant. Merchandise such as the iPhone and MacBook were strategically placed on display across the spacious first floor, while the upper level acted as a classroom for customers to participate in hands-on sessions. Hundreds of shoppers camped out in anticipation of the launch, while more than a thousand thronged the store soon after the doors opened, an AFP reporter observed. First in the queue was Xiang Jiaxin, a twenty-five- year-old Chinese national working in Macau who had queued for more than 12 hours overnight and planned a holiday to Singapore specially to coincide with the opening. "I am very happy and excited to be part of this. I have participated in the official store openings in Macau, Guangzhou and Nanjing," he told AFP. Apple, which has a staggering $256.8 billion cash stockpile, celebrated its 40th anniversary last year. The Silicon Valley legend sprang out of Steve Jobs' garage to reshape modern life with trend-setting gadgets. Most of its earnings come from the iPhone, which faces increasingly tough competition in a saturated market. The tech behemoth has almost 500 stores globally with more than a million visitors daily. Aside from Singapore, its Asia shops are located in Hong Kong, China and Japan. A regional transport, business and financial hub, Singapore attracted 16.4 million visitors last year. AFP/PTI Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Apple Inc opens its first official store in Singapore The store is expected to be one of the most popular Apple stores in the world Apple opened its first Southeast Asia store in Singapore today, drawing hundreds of excited fans to the swanky two-storey site in the city's upmarket shopping district. Located on the affluent Orchard Road, the new shop -- easily distinguished by its iconic glass facade -- is expected to be one of the most popular Apple stores in the world according to the US tech giant. Merchandise such as the iPhone and MacBook were strategically placed on display across the spacious first floor, while the upper level acted as a classroom for customers to participate in hands-on sessions. Hundreds of shoppers camped out in anticipation of the launch, while more than a thousand thronged the store soon after the doors opened, an AFP reporter observed. First in the queue was Xiang Jiaxin, a twenty-five- year-old Chinese national working in Macau who had queued for more than 12 hours overnight and planned a holiday to Singapore specially to coincide with the opening. "I am very happy and excited to be part of this. I have participated in the official store openings in Macau, Guangzhou and Nanjing," he told AFP. Apple, which has a staggering $256.8 billion cash stockpile, celebrated its 40th anniversary last year. The Silicon Valley legend sprang out of Steve Jobs' garage to reshape modern life with trend-setting gadgets. Most of its earnings come from the iPhone, which faces increasingly tough competition in a saturated market. The tech behemoth has almost 500 stores globally with more than a million visitors daily. Aside from Singapore, its Asia shops are located in Hong Kong, China and Japan. A regional transport, business and financial hub, Singapore attracted 16.4 million visitors last year. AFP/PTI Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video Search Search Home Technology Smartphones Apple iPhone 8 may include a feature that Samsung Galaxy S8 failed to incorporate Apple has finally found a solution to integrate the fingerprint sensor right into the iPhone 8's OLED screen. Kukil Bora   May 27, 2017 12:50 IST Recently leaked iPhone 8 renders also hinted at an on-screen fingerprint sensor. It will definitely be an epic battle between Samsung and Apple for the top spot in the smartphone market, after the later releases its next-generation iPhone 8 towards the end of this year. Although it's too early to gauge the winner of this ultimate showdown, the placement of a particular feature on the new iPhone could give it a competitive edge over the Samsung Galaxy S8 as it failed to execute the same. Yes, we are talking about the fingerprint sensor, which is now rumoured to be integrated into the display of the upcoming iPhone 8. According to a new report, Apple has finally found a solution to use a new optical fingerprint recognition technology, which will allow users to get their fingerprint scanned directly through the new iPhone's OLED screen. In addition to the display-mounted Touch ID, the screen ratio on the iPhone 8 is also said to change from 16:9 on iPhone 7 to 18.5:9. The new flagship handset will also apparently have "invisible" Infrared sensors to unlock enhanced camera and augmented reality features, Economic Daily News reported, citing sources from Apple supplier Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSMC). If the report turns out to be true, the iPhone 8 will come without a physical home button like the recently launched Samsung Galaxy S8. However, the fingerprint sensor to enable authentication directly on the screen will surely be counted as an added advantage for the iPhone 8 over the Galaxy S8. Samsung Many reviewers of the Galaxy S8 were disappointed with the placement of the fingerprint scanner, with some even saying that it was a big design flaw by Samsung. According to reports, the Galaxy S8's front bezels are so thin that Samsung had to shift the fingerprint sensor to the back. The Cupertino-based tech giant was also reportedly struggling with the production of its in-house fingerprint sensor, leading many to speculate that the company would have to either remove Touch ID entirely from the iPhone 8 or place it on the back of the device like the Galaxy S8 does. There were also reports of Apple delaying production of the iPhone 8. Therefore, a successful integration of the on-screen fingerprint recognition solution will bring relief to Apple fans waiting eagerly for the company's tenth anniversary edition iPhone. Rumours are rife that the iPhone 8 will sport a redesigned steel and glass chassis and an edge-to-edge OLED display. The phone is also likely to carry a "premium" price, compared to the existing models. Related Apple iPhone 8, 7s series release date details revealed IPhone 8 hands-on video leaked: No home button, dual rear camera, bezel-less screen & more Most-awaited devices in the second half of 2017: Nokia 9, iPhone 8, Galaxy Note 8, OnePlus 5 Post Comment IBT TV Close Vodafone Foundation helps save mothers’ and children’s lives in one of the world’s worst HIV hotspots Why advertise with us? Latest News Apple iPhone 6 32GB launched in UK; price, colour options; all you need to know 31 minutes ago By Rohit KVN Moto G5 Plus Midnight Blue variant leaks with 5.2in full HD display, Snapdragon 625 SoC and more 1 hour ago By Vinod Yalburgi Why advertise with us? most popular Samsung Galaxy Feel with small screen launched launched in Japan Samsung Galaxy Feel with 4.7-inch display could have been launched to take on Apple's iPhone SE that was released last year. New OnePlus 5 images leaked: Vertical dual camera setup and protective cover revealed Freshly leaked images of OnePlus 5 confirm vertical dual camera setup, contrary to the previous leak. IPhone 8 hands-on video leaked: No home button, dual rear camera, bezel-less screen & more In this video, a dummy model of iPhone 8 is shown to reveal the exterior design with little left to our imagination. Success of Redmi Note 4, Redmi 4A, Redmi 4 paves way for Mi 6 in India Xiaomi Mi 6 might launch in India next month with first flash sale scheduled for July 23. Why delay in release of Nokia 3, 5, 6, 3310 will affect sales in India Nokia 3, Nokia 5, Nokia 6 and Nokia 3310 are expected to be released in India next month, but its delay could upset fans. Samsung Galaxy J3, Galaxy J5, and Galaxy J7 (2017) launch imminent Samsung is expected to release three handsets — Galaxy J3 (2017), Galaxy J5 (2017), and Galaxy J7 (2017) — soon. Nokia 9 8GB model achieves unbelievably low scores on Geekbench Nokia 9 8GB model scores unbelievably low in single-core and multi-core Geekbench tests in comparison to the 4GB variant. How will OnePlus 5 differ from OnePlus 3 and 3T? OnePlus' upcoming flagship is expected to have several feature upgrades over the OnePlus 3 and OnePlus 3T. Photo Gallery Fans are going gaga over Sachin: A Billion Dreams Sachin: A Billion Dreams has released yesterday and has not only been receiving critical acclaim but also audience appreciation and love from all quarters. Arshad Warsi, Gulshan Grover, Neha Bhasin at The Caribbean: Salazar's Revenge special screening Hollywood film Pirates of The Caribbean: Salazar's Revenge, in Mumbai on May 25, 2017. Celebs like Arshad Warsi, Maria Goretti, Gulshan Grover, singer Neha Bhasin, Television actor Mohammed Iqbal Khan and others graced the event. India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Site Navigation Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Menu Home News Mobiles Reviews How to Features Top 10 Mobiles Gadget Finder Menu Tip Us!FacebookTwittergplusYoutube News Mobile Tablet Laptop Computer Gear Camera Reviews How To Features Gadget Finder Photos Videos English हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી Home  |  Mobile  |  News  | Apple to have its own AI chip for next-gen devices Apple to have its own AI chip for next-gen devices By: Shilpa Published: Saturday, May 27, 2017, 12:30 [IST] As per a report by Bloomberg Technology, Apple is said to be working on its own Artificial Intelligence (AI) chip for its future phones and iPads. This new chip which is being currently developed by the company is internally called as Apple Neural Engine. This chip is mainly dedicated to AI-related works such as facial recognition, speech recognition, and few related tasks. The company did not speak anything about this newly popped up subject. Since all the tech giants are running towards creating a powerful AI based system, it looks like Apple has also joined the race to catch up with the competitors. Especially Google and Amazon have already created the biggest space in this segment, so Apple may have to struggle a bit to reach the higher peak. The upcoming chip is said to be designed in such a way that it can integrate it into autonomous cars and robots which may rely on AI technology to operate. Also Read: Apple introduces new app development curriculum with Swift for students Regarding this, Gene Munster, former Apple analyst and co-founder of venture capital firm Loup Ventures says, "Two of the areas that Apple is betting its future on require AI. At the core of augmented reality and self-driving cars is artificial intelligence." This new AI chip is also said to work faster when compared to the previous one. The Apple devices currently in the market depends on the processor and the graphics chip to handle the AI processes. So, we can consider this new chip to work faster and reliably compared to it. This, in turn, improves the battery life of the device. Source  Apple iPhone 8 Plus 98,999 Specs Competitors Read More About smartphones | apple | iphones | iPads | ai | processors | news Other articles published on May 27, 2017 Please Wait while comments are loading... MTNL plans to monetize its assets: CMD PK Purwar Gionee S10 with back and front dual cameras launched Lenovo to continue selling phones with own branding Featured Posts Opinion Poll 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers GET OUR TOP TECH STORIES DELIVERED TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Do not Disturb Gizbot in Other Languages বাংলা ગુજરાતી हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు Explore Gizbot News Gear Tablet Laptop Mobile Gadgets Features How-To Computer Gadget Finder Other Greynium Sites Oneindia Filmibeat Boldsky Drivespark Goodreturns Native Planet Careerindia Clickin Download Oneindia App Google Play App Store Follow Gizbot Daily Updates Get Gizbot Alerts Get Push Notifications About Us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Newsletters | Apps | RSS | Advertise with Us | Work for Us | Contact Us | Site Feedback | Sitemap © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video Search Search Home Technology Tech & Trend Apple developing dedicated AI processor chip codenamed 'Apple Neural Engine' Apple's new AI-powered chip is expected to take the world of augmented reality to the next level with system-level integration. Vinod Yalburgi   May 27, 2017 12:38 IST Apple developing dedicated AI processor chip codenamed 'Apple Neural Engine' Apple is currently developing a dedicated Artificially Intelligent (AI) processor chip called Apple Neural Engine to support advanced AI-related tasks like augmented reality (AR) that can integrate into existing facial recognition and speed recognition technologies. Next-gen iPhones including the iPhone 8 are widely touted to incorporate the 3D-sensing front camera with AI-powered depth detection capability. With Siri setting the trend of Voice Assistant apps in the smartphone market, we have seen Apple's competitors making amends to aggressively deploy AI-powered upgrades to their devices such as Amazon's Echo and Google's Home digital assistants. Now the California-based company is looking at deploying the potential capabilities of AI in self-driving cars as well as all those gadgets that are capable of running augmented reality. In a nutshell, Apple is focusing at superimposing graphics and other 3D elements into the perceptible 2D world of the user. A few iPhone prototypes have already been tested with the dedicated AI chip wherein the dedicated processor module is built exclusively for demanding artificial intelligence processing and thereby help in optimising the device's battery performance. Qualcomm's latest Snapdragon chip and Google's upcoming Tensor Processing Unit (TPU) are said to be the best illustrations of incorporating a dedicated AI chip onboard. Google's TPU has already found its use in image recognition and driving search results in data centres. The Apple AI chip is expected to become a norm in future iPhone and iPad releases. Bloomberg citing a familiar source, says the Cupertino Company is already working on ideas to offload facial recognition in the photos app, some parts of speech recognition and the iPhone's predictive keyboard to the chip. In its bid to make rapid strides in the AI development and research, Apple has recently invested heavily in acquiring several companies with ties to artificial intelligence such as Tel Aviv-based RealFace as well as hiring research personnel with AI work-related background. For instance, Apple recently hired Russ Salakhutdinov from Carnegie Mellon University as its director of AI research. Apple is expected to detail its latest accomplishments in the AI field at the forthcoming annual developer conference in June, wherein the company is also touted to unveil iOS 11 for the next-gen iPhones and iPads with a revamped user-interface. Related Top reasons why Google Assistant can't beat Siri on iPhone Galaxy S8 fails to beat two-year-old iPhone 6s in speed and memory management comparison test Galaxy Note 8 bezel-less aka Infinity Display leaks on video Quick Links Apple Post Comment IBT TV Close Vodafone Foundation helps save mothers’ and children’s lives in one of the world’s worst HIV hotspots Why advertise with us? Latest News Apple iPhone 6 32GB launched in UK; price, colour options; all you need to know 29 minutes ago By Rohit KVN Moto G5 Plus Midnight Blue variant leaks with 5.2in full HD display, Snapdragon 625 SoC and more 1 hour ago By Vinod Yalburgi Why advertise with us? most popular Samsung Galaxy Feel with small screen launched launched in Japan Samsung Galaxy Feel with 4.7-inch display could have been launched to take on Apple's iPhone SE that was released last year. New OnePlus 5 images leaked: Vertical dual camera setup and protective cover revealed Freshly leaked images of OnePlus 5 confirm vertical dual camera setup, contrary to the previous leak. Apple iPhone 8 may include a feature that Samsung Galaxy S8 failed to incorporate Apple has finally found a solution to integrate the fingerprint sensor right into the iPhone 8's OLED screen. IPhone 8 hands-on video leaked: No home button, dual rear camera, bezel-less screen & more In this video, a dummy model of iPhone 8 is shown to reveal the exterior design with little left to our imagination. Success of Redmi Note 4, Redmi 4A, Redmi 4 paves way for Mi 6 in India Xiaomi Mi 6 might launch in India next month with first flash sale scheduled for July 23. Why delay in release of Nokia 3, 5, 6, 3310 will affect sales in India Nokia 3, Nokia 5, Nokia 6 and Nokia 3310 are expected to be released in India next month, but its delay could upset fans. Samsung Galaxy J3, Galaxy J5, and Galaxy J7 (2017) launch imminent Samsung is expected to release three handsets — Galaxy J3 (2017), Galaxy J5 (2017), and Galaxy J7 (2017) — soon. Nokia 9 8GB model achieves unbelievably low scores on Geekbench Nokia 9 8GB model scores unbelievably low in single-core and multi-core Geekbench tests in comparison to the 4GB variant. Photo Gallery Fans are going gaga over Sachin: A Billion Dreams Sachin: A Billion Dreams has released yesterday and has not only been receiving critical acclaim but also audience appreciation and love from all quarters. Arshad Warsi, Gulshan Grover, Neha Bhasin at The Caribbean: Salazar's Revenge special screening Hollywood film Pirates of The Caribbean: Salazar's Revenge, in Mumbai on May 25, 2017. Celebs like Arshad Warsi, Maria Goretti, Gulshan Grover, singer Neha Bhasin, Television actor Mohammed Iqbal Khan and others graced the event. India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Site Navigation Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Apple opens first official store in Southeast Asia By Afp Published: 02:32 EDT, 27 May 2017 | Updated: 02:47 EDT, 27 May 2017 e-mail People queue outside the Apple store in Singapore's Orchard shopping district on its opening day, on May 27, 2017 Apple opened its first Southeast Asia store in Singapore on Saturday, drawing hundreds of excited fans to the swanky two-storey site in the city's upmarket shopping district. Located on the affluent Orchard Road, the new shop -- easily distinguished by its iconic glass facade -- is expected to be one of the most popular Apple stores in the world according to the US tech giant. Merchandise such as the iPhone and MacBook were strategically placed on display across the spacious first floor, while the upper level acted as a classroom for customers to participate in hands-on sessions. Hundreds of shoppers camped out in anticipation of the launch, while more than a thousand thronged the store soon after the doors opened, an AFP reporter observed. First in the queue was Xiang Jiaxin, a twenty-five-year-old Chinese national working in Macau who had queued for more than 12 hours overnight and planned a holiday to Singapore specially to coincide with the opening. "I am very happy and excited to be part of this. I have participated in the official store openings in Macau, Guangzhou and Nanjing," he told AFP. Aside from Singapore, Apple's Asia shops are located in Hong Kong, China and Japan Apple, which has a staggering $256.8 billion cash stockpile, celebrated its 40th anniversary last year. The Silicon Valley legend sprang out of Steve Jobs' garage to reshape modern life with trend-setting gadgets. Most of its earnings come from the iPhone, which faces increasingly tough competition in a saturated market. The tech behemoth has almost 500 stores globally with more than a million visitors daily. Aside from Singapore, its Asia shops are located in Hong Kong, China and Japan. A regional transport, business and financial hub, Singapore attracted 16.4 million visitors last year. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Busty Katy Perry, 32, flashes her pants in a low-cut silver dress for energetic show at Radio 1 Big Weekend... after admitting sex is 'amazing' in her thirties The Happiest (birthday) Place on Earth! Angelina Jolie takes her children and some pals to Disneyland to celebrate Shiloh turning 11  Hands full PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bikini-clad Kimberley Garner shows off her incredible physique in a bevy of eye-popping bikinis during sizzling Cannes photoshoot Lady number Phwoar! 'Sex addict' Scott Disick leans in for a kiss with bikini-clad UK model as he enjoys FIFTH day of Cannes pool fun... hot on the heels of visits from Bella Thorne, Ella Ross and Chloe Bartoli PDA in the park! Kate Hudson's new beau Danny Fujikawa can't keep his hands off her as they take her son Bingham to the playground The kiss that says it's OK: Tearful Kieran Hayler is supported by wife Katie Price as he FINALLY breaks silence on 'untreatable' sex addiction that led to cheating scandal A mother's love knows no limits! Tamara Ecclestone reveals she has spent just SIX MINUTES away from her daughter in three years  Bombshell in black! Gal Gadot smolders in plunging gown at Mexico City premiere of Wonder Woman Showstopper SPOILER ALERT: EastEnders' Whitney sobs as she is confronted by enraged Shirley... following SHOCK kiss with father-in-law Mick Carter  'We just make it work': Mark Wright reveals he only sees wife Michelle ONCE a month... after branding her the 'most incredible woman' Heaven on earth! Romee Strijd cozies up to beau Laurens Van Leeuwen while stepping out in New York City Wrapped her arms around him 'The robot?! YOU KIDDING ME': Britain's Got Talent fans shocked by the choices of acts for the semi-finals... as it's revealed the judges will no longer have a say in a new twist Britain's Got Talent is praised by viewers as it pays touching tribute to victims of Manchester terror attack Emotional moment Bikini-clad Jessica Wright shows off stunning curves in sexy purple two-piece during Ibiza break... after admitting she's beat her insecurities 'Very special boy': Peter Andre wishes Harvey Price a happy 15th birthday... eight months after ex-wife Katie claims he 'no longer sees' her eldest son 'Lil bump is growing fast!' Pregnant Ferne McCann bares a hint of rounded tum in TINY crop top... yet admits her changing body means she will soon ditch sexy outfits 'It WILL cause permanent, dangerous damage': 'Frazzled' Gemma Collins is accused of being a bad role model as she appears extremely sunburnt in holiday snap Paris Jackson shows off her casual style at the gas station... after being mistaken for a homeless person  Artfully ripped jeans and  distressed Converse Cheeky! Single lady Olivia Munn shares flirty flash of her bikini-clad bottom with Instagram... just a month after splitting from Aaron Rodgers She's so fly! Lily Collins looks stylish in sophisticated trench coat and large sunglasses as she jets into LA Stylish as ever Taking a breather! Megan Fox shows off svelte physique in leggings after taking yoga class Time for herself Bestie day ever! Hilary Swank and Mariska Hargitay jump for joy at a party in the Hamptons Buddies Han no go! Harrison Ford, 74, is forced to abort takeoff TWICE from Santa Monica airport in his private jet, just months after his near-miss on the runway Has Nate popped the question?! Pregnant Danielle Bux sports eye-popping diamond on ring finger as she shows off her burgeoning bump and expectant mother glow in LA 'When the hair is perfect, you don't need clothes': Jodie Marsh flaunts her ample cleavage as she celebrates her new 'mermaid' hairdo with topless snaps Bikini-clad Storm Keating shows off her incredible post-baby body just ONE MONTH after giving birth... as she posts sweet snap of son Cooper  'I've tried... words are impossible': Cher leads tributes to ex-husband Gregg Allman after legendary father of Southern rock passes away at home aged 69 following cancer battle ROYAL EXCLUSIVE: Camilla opens up as never before - in her own words - on the pressure of public life, her early negative press, the loss of her brother and her down-to-earth style  'It is magic having a loving sister': Dannii Minogue shares a touching tribute to Kylie on her 49th birthday Strong bond Family time! Hilary Duff flashes toned tum in ripped jeans as she enjoys outing with son Luca  Fit look Making a splash! Bikini besties Vanessa Hudgens and Ashley Tisdale host twerk-a-thon as they rock sexy leopard print swimsuits Scorned Bella Thorne, 19, 'feels humiliated and used by Scott Disick, 34'... after reality star is pictured with several bikini-clad beauties in Cannes End of an era! Ben Affleck's belongings removed from home he once shared with Jennifer Garner The 'Celebpocalypse' moving company 'This is a new level of trolling': Pregnant Cara de la Hoyde reveals she's been body shamed as cruel sceptics claim her baby bump is 'too small' Katie Price's coiffed appearance is ruined during hair-raising rollercoaster ride with son Harvey... while ringing in his 15th birthday at theme park Ben Stiller pictured enjoying a pizza on solo Italian vacation... days before announcing split from wife of 17 years Christine Taylor Sophie Turner flaunts her enviably long legs in denim hotpants as she cosies up to boyfriend Joe Jonas They've been dating for a blissful six months.  'Death is final. There is no rejection': Anthea Turner insists DYING is easier than divorce as she regails turmoil of split from love rat Grant Bovey She slays! Blac Chyna yields knife while showing off curvy chest and new blonde tresses in vampy Instagram Fierce Trinny Woodall cuts a chic figure in a cream summer dress as she puffs on a cigarette during lunch date with Charles Saatchi Effortless chic Forget something Kylie? Jenner rocks a fur jacket and very little else in sultry Instagram shots All fur coat, no knickers Mimi's new move! Mariah Carey 'to start beauty company alongside manager Stella Bulochnikov' Bella Thorne heads to breakfast in LA with her sister... after Scott Disick flirtation left teen 'feeling used' 'Humiliated' by flirtation Where there's a Will! Paris Hilton and boyfriend Chris Zylka get photobombed by Smith while posing for pictures in Cannes Here comes trouble! Danniella Westbrook, 43, flaunts her abs in a pink frilly bikini as she joins forces with unlikely new gal pal Lisa Appleton, 49, on Benidorm beach break Khloe Kardashian shows off her curvy rear as she jets to join Tristan Thompson for the holiday weekend Joining the LA exodus 'I give my heart and soul!' Selena Gomez opens up about romance with The Weeknd Trying to get someone's attention? Shane Warne posts another late night shirtless selfie... after getting flirty with an ex-Bachelor star on Instagram Birthday blues? Judy Finnigan, 69, fails to raise a smile as she celebrates turning a year older with her husband Richard Madeley, 61, in London Expert gardener and TV presenter Alan Titchmarsh reveals the secret of his success is down to being 'a big softie'  World travellers! Kirsten Dunst and fiance Jesse Plemons beam during romantic stroll in Italy Kate Upton sets pulses racing as she puts on a leggy display in a tiny yellow mini skirt at the Monaco Grand Prix All smiles Coming in hot! Anna Faris comically struggles to deliver a stack of pizzas on the set of the Overboard remake   Needs a helping hand Showing her support! Vanessa Williams rehearses ahead of the National Memorial Day Concert in Washington, D.C. 'Worst timing ever': Wonder Woman Gal Gadot reveals she threw her back out...right before the film's big Hollywood premiere Smoking hot! Bikini-clad Lottie Moss flashes her incredible frame through skimpy black two piece as she puffs on a cigarette poolside in Marbella Albert & Vicphwoaria! ITV drama is to explore the raunchier side of a sex-obsessed queen best remembered for having a prudish, portly matron figure  'She turned bright red and left': Liam Payne reveals the first time Cheryl heard he fancied her... as he tips their baby Bear as a future basketball star Victoria's Secret stunner Candice Swanepoel shows off her ample assets in a push-up bra before posing with her baby son Anacã Victoria Silvstedt, 42, shows off her sensational figure in a skimpy bandeau bikini as she enjoys a dip in Cannes  Is there anything he can't do? Chris Hemsworth shows off his culinary skills at a Swiss Cheese Fondue cook-off at Monaco Grand Prix boat party Just the tattoo of us! Charlotte Crosby flaunts newly trim figure as she is reunited with lover Stephen Bear after losing 7 pounds at fitness boot camp Beach babe! Victoria's Secret model Lais Ribeiro sends temperatures soaring in barely-there bikini as she takes Miami by storm So in love! Lisa Vanderpump, 57, keeps it casual in T-shirt as she goes on lunch date with husband Ken Todd Ashley James shares cheeky nude snap after revealing airline lost her luggage... before flaunting her incredible figure in a tiny bikini  Showing off her Jagger swagger! Jade rocks cute polka dot dress and enjoys a cheeky cigarette as she brunches in the London sunshine with pal Making a splash! Tallia Storm flaunts her incredible figure in a high waisted bikini as she frolicks on Ibiza beach Bouncing back A classic beauty! Singer Camilla Kerslake stuns on Nikki beach in a plunging floral swimsuit as she continues her Cannes adventure Shock split: Ben Stiller and Christine Taylor end marriage after 18 years together The split was reported on Friday, with the pair announcing the news in a joint statement. Queen Letizia of Spain looks smart in a black and white floral gown as she joins husband King Felipe at annual Armed Forces Day military parade Leggy Chloe Goodman shows off her peachy posterior in a skimpy swimsuit as she frolics with a water gun by the poolside in Marbella 'Never let one person get in the way of your love for music': Lorde and Emeli Sande break down in tears as they dedicate performances to Manchester terror victims at Radio 1's Big Weekend Women are only as old as the men that we feel! NANCY DELL'OLIO on why she's ditched ex-England boss Sven, 69, and theatre director Trevor Nunn, 77, for a 32-year-old Italian stallion  So long, city! Sarah Jessica Parker dresses down as she heads to the Hamptons for the holiday weekend Style icon 'You're missing the signs': Elizabeth Olsen and Jeremy Renner trade gunfire in first Wind River trailer Dark clip The bad news: You won't see Poldark like this again. The good... his 3 hot new co-stars will ALL go topless!  Roger darling, no one did it better than you: BRITT EKLAND and seven other Bond girls share their intimate and mischievous memories of the spy who loved them  Too busy with life to exercise? You're not alone! Samantha Cameron, Mel C and Jenni Falconer reveal how they fit a workout around their jobs and the never-ending demands of family life  'Au revoir!' Kourtney Kardashian says farewell to France as she perches on the edge of her yacht Living it up A-Rod signs with ABC: Drug cheat baseball star will appear on GMA, World News Tonight and Nightline amid burgeoning relationship with JLo  'First stop, batting practice!' Neil Patrick Harris takes son Gideon to his first baseball game at Yankee stadium Rite of passage Super mom! Charlize Theron treats her son and daughter to a roller coaster outing at the Santa Monica Pier Down time Heidi Klum flaunts her enviably tanned and toned legs in a dazzling black dress at signing for her new risque coffee-table book Ex On The Beach's Jemma Lucy shows off the results of her Brazilian Butt Lift in sheer silver playsuit as she steps out in Amsterdam EXCLUSIVE 'I'm in a happy, great relationship!' Busty Michelle Mone gushes over billionaire beau Douglas Barrowman as they put on glamous display at Cheshire club launch Pregnant Bar Refaeli continues to showcase her beautiful blossoming baby bump in a sweet bikini snap as she stands in between two marble sculptures Bikini-clad Elizabeth-Jayne Tierney flashes a hint of under-boob while flaunting her killer frame in Ibiza... as she parties with Ex On The Beach star Becca Edwards . 'I'm bracing myself for outrage': Eleanor Tomlinson hints her character Demelza will CHEAT on Poldark in the show's steamy third season 'I've been out f****d!': Gordon Ramsay battles Hollywood favourite Kevin Spacey in hilarious swear off during new teaser for The F Word 'Straight up disrespectful!' Deaf DWTS winner Nyle DiMarco slams Jamie Foxx and Jimmy Fallon for making fun of sign language  Busty Danielle Armstrong teases a look at her ample assets as she flaunts her slender frame in a fun-loving Moschino swimsuit for Ibiza break SPOILER ALERT: 'I can't believe what I just saw!': David Walliams drops his trousers in horrified Simon Cowell's face on Britain's Got Talent Shake it out! Bethenny Frankel shows off her Skinny Girl body and some serious underboob as she dances into Memorial Day weekend in a bikini Glamour puss! Zara Larsson dazzles in thigh-skimming hot pants and an embellished cat printed denim jacket... as she takes to the stage for Radio 1's Big Weekend 'Not tanning!' Elle Fanning shows off her perfectly porcelain skin as she poses in a vintage bikini Jessica Chastain offers a glimpse of her hourglass curves and slender waist in plunging nude dress as she enjoys her final days in Cannes The cruise that hits a high note: Singer Katherine Jenkins will serenade passengers under the stars next year Part of the family! Sandra Bullock's boyfriend Bryan Randall dotes on her two children on day out at the pier Another one!? 'Sex addict' Scott Disick parties with ex Ella Ross AND bikini-clad UK blogger... just days after racy pool parties with  Bella Thorne and then Chloe Bartoli Ariana Grande will headline star-studded fundraising concert in Manchester a week on Sunday and is persuading her friends to play Millie Mackintosh flaunts her toned abs and enviable physique in a tiny bikini as she sizzles poolside in Cannes Recovery day 'I am hoping that there will be more strong female figures': Gal Gadot took Wonder Woman role to empower her two young daughters Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley shows off her trademark pout and blossoming bump in chic black jumper dress as she she enjoys dinner in Malibu with pals Down-to-earth Ed Sheeran parties with fans in Brazil.... after revealing beefed-up security for his 2018 tour in the wake of Manchester concert tragedy Arsenal fan Mick Jagger watches his team lift the FA Cup trophy as losing Chelsea stars are slammed for FORGETTING to put on black armbands 'I'll cherish every moment we had together': Barbra Streisand's mourns the loss of her beloved 14-year-old dog Samantha Rock royalty says goodbye to Chris Cornell: Stars join Brad Pitt and Hollywood A-list at Soundgarden singer's funeral a week after he walked off stage and hanged himself Fancy seeing you here! Justin Bieber bumps into Patrick Schwarzenegger and Abby Champion in New York Vogue Williams flaunts her long legs in thigh-skimming minidress as she attends star-studded event in Marbella Can this 8-year-old cutie save Cowell's vanishing luck? It'll take a truly great trick to restore the magic touch he's lost with a parade of humiliating pop flops Angelina Jolie celebrates Shiloh's 11th birthday at Disneyland... as Brad Pitt attends Chris Cornell's funeral VIP treatment with her own plaid-clad guide Missing Strictly, Alesha? Ms. Dixon re-lives her ballroom days as she leads Amanda Holden and Britain's Got Talent team in a bit of Dirty Dancing All that glitters! Jessica Chastain oozes understated elegance as she shows off her hourglass figure in sequin-encrusted gown for Cannes premiere Lady Victoria Hervey looks uncharacteristically demure in chic nude shift dress as she fondly greets Prince of Monaco at fashion bash It's finally family time! Hugh Jackman goes running with wife Deborra-Lee Furness, daughter Ava and their two dogs  In the city of love: Age-defying Heidi Klum, 43, shows off her natural beauty as she goes make-up free for trip to Paris with handsome beau Vito Schnabel, 30 Hollyoaks beauty Nikki Sanderson puts on a stylish display in skin-tight denim dress as she enjoys date night with boyfriend Greg Whitehurst Spencer Matthews rocks a funky fedora for casual Mayfair night out with a pal... after his best man duties at brother James' wedding to Pippa Middleton Home again! Kourtney Kardashian and Kendall Jenner look subdued as they arrive in LA after frolicking in Cannes Starting another Kat(ona) fight! Grimacing Kerry cheekily pretends to strangle former foe Katie Price at charity soccer match... a DECADE after famous feud kicked off Juliette Lewis, 43, flashes a hint of sideboob as she goes braless in low-cut jacket and baggy trousers at party in Madrid To Kill A Mockingbird author Harper Lee 'set fire to second secret novel during a drunken night in New York' Lee, who died last year, is said to have written another secret novel. Now it's the veggie bikers: Britain's bestselling cookery duo reveal why they have ditched the steaks and bacon to create meat-free recipes  'OMG this is crazy!': Coronation Street fans go into meltdown as Ken Barlow's attempted murderer is revealed to be his SON Daniel Osbourne Pamela Anderson puts on a VERY busty display in a plunging gown at Formula 1's Amber Lounge Fashion show in Monaco... and displays her incredibly youthful complexion PICTURED: The lavish $35million clifftop mansion Kylie Jenner, 19, is renting in Beverly Hills while renovating her own home Eva Green cuts a sultry figure in a chic bandeau jumpsuit and scarlet red lipstick... as she puckers up for Roman Polanski's wife GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Cara Delevingne's security appear to shuffle people out of the way so the supermodel can see the ocean GIRL ABOUT TOWN:  The ultimate odd couple? Former President George W Bush and Bono hang out in Texas GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Victoria Beckham and Naomi Campbell put claws away after 4-year catfight  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Sex pest? I was just dad dancing, insists Pippa's colourful uncle  Gary Goldsmith last night hit back at claims that he behaved like a sex pest 'I don't crave it': Kieran Hayler no longer wants to bed 'guardian angel' wife Katie Price after sex addiction therapy... but insists he'll NEVER be cured as he breaks silence on cheating 'What have you done to yourself?': Katie Price is urged to 'leave her face alone' by fans as she shocks with latest selfie Far cry from her former self. Shirtless Jake Wood shows off his skills on the pitch at charity football match... as it's revealed his EastEnders revenge storyline will run for THREE years Meeting her fans! Stranger Things star Millie Bobby Brown sports playful top as she headlines day one of Argentina's Comic Con Made In Marbella! Lottie looks smoking hot in busty off-the-shoulder top on night out in Spain... after sneaking off for a cigarette Paying his respects: Brad Pitt looks pensive as he leaves friend Chris Cornell's wake Friends and family of Chris Cornell gathered to celebrate his memory  Heavily pregnant Binky Felstead proudly shows off her baby bump on babymoon with boyfriend JP... after announcing their spin-off reality show Kylie Jenner flashes her tiny waist as she poses for sultry snaps with sister Khloe for the Koko lip collection Fiery orange lips 'I'm bracing myself for outrage': Eleanor Tomlinson hints her character Demelza will CHEAT on Poldark in the show's steamy third season Newly-single Leonardo DiCaprio parties the night away with Naomi Campbell... after an evening of mingling with the world's top models Make-up free Holly Willoughby shows off her legs in a simple sundress as she enjoys a day off with her children... after joking about her noisy brood Howe do I look? Playboy model Carla flaunts her very peachy posterior in a form-fitting tracksuit in selfie session Countdown! Pregnant Beyonce puts her baby belly on display in thigh-skimming mini-dress... as mom Tina says she's 'ready to see her babies' All-star dad! Jamie Foxx dons stylish letterman's jacket while out to dinner with daughter Annalise in Malibu Cut by Cowell: Simon reportedly axes several Britain's Got Talent acts after it emerges that they are 'professional' performers 'Dangerous liars': Stephen Belafonte lashes out in midst of  Mel B divorce amid claims he's 'broke and homeless'... after hitting back at visitation ruling with snap of daughter What made Kirsten cry? Shots emerge of Dunst suddenly breaking down in tears at the Cannes Film Festival premiere of her movie The Beguiled Nothing to wear? Blac Chyna shares a topless selfie as she emerges from a shower The 29-year-old mom of two posted a near-naked photo on her Instagram captioned 'Morning' 'In your thirties it's amazing!' Katy Perry, 32, lauds sex as 'so much fun if it's consensual and beautiful'... one month after Orlando Bloom split Inside the luxury Beverly Hills hotel where Kendall Jenner and A$AP Rocky quietly started their romance with secret rendezvous  Smouldering Diane Kruger flashes her perky posterior in a daring sheer gown as she storms the red carpet at In The Fade Cannes premiere Ouch! Gwyneth Paltrow winces in pain as she hobbles around with cast on her right foot The 44-year-old actress was wearing a soft black medical boot on her right foot. Heavily pregnant Chelsee Healey, 28, shows off her burgeoning baby bump in a fitted black dress as she visits placenta pill centre  A new Mr Wright? Busty Kate puts on a raucous display and catches the eye of a male admirer as she parties in Ibiza... along with the rest of the TOWIE gang Fur babies! Ruby Rose shares photos of her adorable pet pooch being carried in a doggie sling and jokes that she's 'breaking lesbian stereotypes' Heidi Klum, 43, shows off her incredible pins in nothing but a black jacket and belt as she attends the launch of Rankin's new photography book... in which she appears NAKED Don't treat her with kid gloves! Anne Hathaway muscles through a serious early morning sweat session  Preparing for a weekend of summer BBQs Robert Pattinson is tipped for Oscar success as he receives SIX-minute standing ovation following screening of Good Time at Cannes Film Festival Leggy Lady Gaga sports leopard-print romper while filming A Star is Born with Bradley Cooper Just peachy! Millie Mackintosh flaunts her pert behind and slender frame in a skimpy monochrome bikini as she suns herself in Cannes 'I miss it': Lindsay Lohan talks life out of the spotlight after leaving Hollywood for new chapter abroad Make-up free Fearne Cotton looks great in denim hotpants as she takes cute kids Rex and Honey out for a stroll in the London heatwave  Sunshine day out America's Got Talent 'won't air segment' after lawsuit is dismissed involving Tyra Banks 'humiliating and verbally abusing a minor' Specs appeal! Lucy Hale dons stylish frames and strapless top for outing in West Hollywood She's very excited about her new upcoming show Life Sentence.  Andrew O'Keefe looks tired, slurs his speech and displays bizarre behaviour during Weekend Sunrise's coverage of Schapelle Corby's return to Australia Ready to shake up the World Of Dance: Jennifer Lopez posts rehearsal video with Derek Hough, Ne-Yo and Jenna Dewan before launching new show 'Have you tried turning it on?' Orlando Bloom and James Corden perform sexy dance while playing IT geeks in funny sketch Ashley James flaunts her ample assets in a plunging lace bodysuit as she shares empowering body confidence message with sizzling snap in Sardinia Ready to rock! Demi Lovato sports Metallica sweatshirt and semi-sheer leggings as she goes shopping in LA Everything all-Wright? Mark is embroiled in a tense phone call at Malaga airport... just days after romantic anniversary with wife Michelle Keegan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Lauren Goodger gives Kim K a run for her money as she flaunts her voluptuous derriere and buxom cleavage in a skimpy black bikini  Legendary Motown star Diana Ross goes grocery shopping in a colorful floral duster and black leggings Lauren Silverman cuts a glamorous figure in a pink midi dress as she cuddles up to Simon Cowell at charity afternoon tea Funky bell sleeves Britain's Got Talent finalist Tina Humphrey who wowed audiences with her dancing dog dies at the age of 45 after a battle with cancer 'I want to give her a hug': Miley Cyrus is going to be 'more cautious' and beef up her security after Ariana Grande terror attack Taking in the sea air! Nicole Richie bundles up in a chic turtleneck and leather jacket during outing to the pier with hubby Joel Madden Armie Hammer claims Johnny Depp 'lives on an entirely other planet'... as he reveals actor's 'crazy' lifestyle EXCLUSIVE: Welcome to MY paradise Pippa - hope you enjoy it as much as we do. Marlon Brando's son shows the private island where Kate's newlywed sister is honeymooning 'I'm really like an adult now': Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi puts on busty display as she showcases her new  Oregon home ... after a loan to fund a weed farm Taking the Mickey mouse! Rebel Wilson has lifetime membership to Disneyland and is part of it's secret club  Lea Michele hits the town in cream satin dress as she reunites with Glee co-star Darren Criss Nostalgic? Boys' night! Justin Bieber hits the town with hipster pastor Carl Lentz in New York Enjoying down time from his Purpose tour Au revoir! Kourtney Kardashian and Kendall Jenner head to a private jet with Younes and A$AP Rocky... as their PDA-filled trip to Cannes comes to an end Checking in! Paz Vega displays her lithe frame in a shoulderless chequered gown as she attends the Cannes premiere of In The Frame 'They told me I was too fat, too unfit and too hairy to be 007': SIR ROGER MOORE's exclusive memoirs are as witty, packed with gossip and as stylish as the Bond star Who's the REAL First Lady? Trump's decision to take his wife AND his daughter on his first big trip fuels rumours of a rivalry Emma Watson, 27, makes a rare appearance with boyfriend William Mack Knight, 37, as they enjoy dinner date in New York Boyfriend of 18 months Zoe Saldana wows in white as she attends the opening of the Guardians Of The Galaxy attraction at Disney Glitzy event It's the biggest Australian tour ever! Ed Sheeran breaks records and adds three more stadium shows to his 2018 Aussie concert dates Juliette Binoche slips into a plunging figure-hugging gown while Izabel Goulart leaves little to the imagination in a sheer dress at the L'Amant Double premiere in Cannes 'Trying to tan my butt': Kendra Wilkinson shares VERY revealing sunbathing snap as she goes topless while hiking up bikini bottoms Kieron Richardson reveals he and husband Carl Hyland have welcomed baby twins Chase and Phoebe Rae into the world in sweet snap  'We don't want anyone getting angry with them!' Zoe Saldana has banned playdates for her 'rambunctious' sons As a mother of three boys, she's learnt to love noise and chaos. Designer upgrade! Dakota Johnson makes a drab look fab with a mix of quirky and classic accessories from Gucci Takeaway treats Her little ones! Savannah Guthrie's daughter Vale, two, steals the spotlight at The Today Show with brother Charley Southampton footballer Charlie Austin chats with his stunning wife Bianca as she rocks a semi-sheer bikini during Barbados getaway 'Touch of baby brain!': Pregnant Ferne McCann left red-faced on return to presenting on This Morning... as viewers brand her appearance 'cringe' 'Mr Sell' Fredrik Eklund cuts price of Bethenny Frankel's apartment after failing to find a buyer at $5.25m for over three months Katharine McPhee covers up in a grey bathrobe as she films The Lost Wife Of Robert Durst with co-star Daniel Gillies Geri Horner, 44, shows off incredible figure in a blue bikini as she soaks up the sun with son Monty just four months after giving birth Former Spice Girl Leo the Lothario is back! Newly-single DiCaprio is in his element and he mingles with Bella Hadid, Rita Ora AND a whole host of models at amfAR Gala  How I Met Your Mother's Josh Radnor 'sued by neighbor for building giant deck area over their land' The most painful shoes EVER? Bella Hadid's feet look awkwardly squeezed by her strappy heels - which left marks on her legs when she took them off to walk in amFAR fashion show 'Fans want it told':  Searching For Neverland actors respond to Michael Jackson's family denouncing the film Bikini-clad Jasmin Walia flaunts her enviable frame while soaking up the sun in Ibiza... as she cuddles up to ex Ross Worsick's best pal Joss Mooney TOWIE's Kate Wright shows off toned abs in blue lace co-ords as she enjoys girls' night out with Amber Dowding at fashion launch in Ibiza TOWIE reunion The morning after the night before! Casually clad Rita Ora goes make-up free and hides behind huge shades as she leaves Cannes The stars are leaving It's a boy! 'NSYNC's Chris Kirkpatrick and wife Karly reveal gender of their still-to-be born first child His wife held her blossoming baby bump. 'I'll be back. Love always': Ariana Grande's boyfriend Mac Miller cancels two gigs after Manchester bombing SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Billionaire phone tycoon, 64, has a ball with his 33-year-old Lithuanian cyclist lover - and his ex wife It's a new Dawn! Lucy Davis goes from playing bored receptionist in The Office to glittering on Hollywood red carpet for Wonder Woman premiere Jessica Chastain works business-chic as she arrives for board member duties in figure-hugging tweed dress at the Cannes Film Festival Ready for business  Lily Collins puts on a leggy display in edgy leather shorts and a gold pussybow blouse as she steps out in London Impeccably dressed Billi Mucklow and shirtless fiance Andy Carroll take to the sea in a speedboat as they enjoy a romantic holiday in sun-soaked Capri Living the high life They're a handful! Kelsey Grammer, 62, enjoys a paddle with his kids as wife Kayte looks stylish in patterned cover-up in Miami Liam Neeson looks VERY different as he transforms into Watergate whistleblower Deep Throat in new film The Silent Man Love Actually star That really is beastly! Dan Stevens wears a hilarious oversized bodysuit in pre-CGI Beauty and the Beast footage Behind-the-scenes Nigella Lawson shields herself from the sweltering sunshine under a white parasol as she takes a stroll through London in all-black ensemble 'She's the happiest I've ever seen her': Hollyoaks hunk Danny Mac can't wait to walk down the aisle with fiancée Carley Stenson this summer Dazzling! Melania Trump holds Donald's hand as she arrives at concert for G7 leaders  in a custom Dolce & Gabbana gown, after donning the label's $51,500 jacket earlier Charming David Beckham shares a hug with pal Rita Ora as they enjoy the glitzy festivities at the plush amfAR gala in Cannes Friends in high places 'Errr no, remove!' TOWIE's Amber Turner infuriates Jamie O'Hara's girlfriend Elizabeth-Jayne Tierney after posting snap of him in Marbella... as she DEMANDS the picture is deleted Suits you! TOWIE's Chloe Sims shows off extreme cleavage in a plunging caped tuxedo jumpsuit as she attends fashion launch in Ibiza Holiday tan It was (almost) 50 years ago today Sgt Pepper taught the band to play in what EVERYONE insists is the best Beatles album. RAY CONNOLLY, their friend, dares to disagree  Hope he remembered his credit card! Phillip Schofield treats wife Stephanie and pretty daughters Molly and Ruby to shopping on Rodeo Drive and lunch at The Ivy on trip to LA Fans' anger as acts consider pulling out of summer pop concerts in wake of Manchester bombing - but some parents admit relief Safety first? Ariana Grande's brother Frankie postpones his London gig 'out of respect' for victims of the Manchester suicide bombing Heidi Klum, 43, hosts Germany's Next Top Model final in TINY plunging leotard before packing on PDA with beau Vito Schnabel, 30, in the audience Cheers to 44! Molly Sims sips on rosé as she sports low-cut swimsuit on birthday getaway to Mexico Winnie Harlow puts on a VERY cosy display with rumoured flame Lewis Hamilton at amfAR Gala in Cannes They were linked romantically last year Make-up free Holly Willoughby flaunts her flawless complexion as she jokes about parenting her 'noisy' kids Flawless Golden goddess! Jada Pinkett Smith puts on VERY leggy display in halter gown with thigh-high split after Jimmy Kimmel appearance Turned heads  Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Business Home LBoard Kit Siang: To be a top-class nation, follow your own religion FMT Reporters Read More FMT BAHASA FMT BORNEO+ FMT VIDEO CONTRIBUTE NEWS HOME NATION OPINION WORLD LEISURE SPORTS BUSINESS ADVERTISE WITH US Apple opens first official store in SE Asia AFP | May 27, 2017 Hundreds of shoppers camped out in anticipation of the launch, while more than a thousand thronged the store soon after the doors opened, an AFP reporter observed. SINGAPORE: Apple opened its first Southeast Asia store in Singapore on Saturday, drawing hundreds of excited fans to the swanky two-storey site in the city’s upmarket shopping district. Located on the affluent Orchard Road, the new shop — easily distinguished by its iconic glass facade — is expected to be one of the most popular Apple stores in the world according to the US tech giant. Merchandise such as the iPhone and MacBook were strategically placed on display across the spacious first floor, while the upper level acted as a classroom for customers to participate in hands-on sessions. Hundreds of shoppers camped out in anticipation of the launch, while more than a thousand thronged the store soon after the doors opened, an AFP reporter observed. First in the queue was Xiang Jiaxin, a twenty-five-year-old Chinese national working in Macau who had queued for more than 12 hours overnight and planned a holiday to Singapore specially to coincide with the opening. “I am very happy and excited to be part of this. I have participated in the official store openings in Macau, Guangzhou and Nanjing,” he told AFP. Apple, which has a staggering $256.8 billion cash stockpile, celebrated its 40th anniversary last year. The Silicon Valley legend sprang out of Steve Jobs’ garage to reshape modern life with trend-setting gadgets. Most of its earnings come from the iPhone, which faces increasingly tough competition in a saturated market. The tech behemoth has almost 500 stores globally with more than a million visitors daily. Aside from Singapore, its Asia shops are located in Hong Kong, China and Japan. A regional transport, business and financial hub, Singapore attracted 16.4 million visitors last year. Comments Readers are required to have a valid Facebook account to comment on this story. We welcome your opinions to allow a healthy debate. We want our readers to be responsible while commenting and to consider how their views could be received by others. Please be polite and do not use swear words or crude or sexual language or defamatory words. FMT also holds the right to remove comments that violate the letter or spirit of the general commenting rules. The views expressed in the contents are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of FMT. Comments Share this story Previous Story Next Story Philippine military bomb Islamist militants in urban battle US lobby claim: Rafizi dares Najib to file police report Explore topics special ROS Med.Rect 1 Taboola ROS 1 ROS Med.Rect 2 Most Read News Coffee product with Tongkat Ali recalled in the US Gardener fatally attacked due to jealousy Apabila bajet hospital kerajaan dipotong… Cenbet calls for tolerance, inter-racial understanding Don’t let extremists spoil our Ramadan Vida tarik balik produk, akur arahan New silk road: Pathway to prosperity or slippery slope to… Johari: Jangan sampai Proton jadi macam Perwaja Johari: Geely has saved Proton from ending up like Perwaja Guan Eng upset at new slapping ‘culture’ ROS Med.Rect 3 Opinion SB Apabila bajet hospital kerajaan dipotong… Don’t let extremists spoil our Ramadan New silk road: Pathway to prosperity or slippery slope to subjugation? Respect traffic rules near Ramadan bazaars It’s wrong of Abang Johari to suspend oil royalty talks A contest to label someone a racist is stupid More... FMT Bahasa Tidak pakai helmet, mufti tidak salah, kata JPJ CEO Bank Islam: Malaysia perlu ‘bank Islam mega’ kekal dinamik Indonesia bebaskan 2 nelayan Malaysia Vida tarik balik produk, akur arahan Cenbet kecam NGO larang Guan Eng hadiri majlis buka puasa SPAD perlu pikul tanggungjawab kes penumpang Uber disamun More... Misc Ads – Movie Content Facebook Page Home | About Us | Disclaimers / Copyright | Advertise | Contact Us | Copyright (C) 2009-2016 MToday News Sdn. Bhd. All Rights Reserved.
recommend.my - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Kuala Lumpur 34°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Tech/Gadgets Eager shoppers throng newly-opened Apple Orchard Road Saturday May 27, 2017 02:19 PM GMT+8 ICYMI McLaren may not be winning but is conquering motor racing The Edit: Take a trip to Klang for fragrant and fluffy Bamboo Biryani Islamist militants kill 19 in south Philippines, army says The Edit: Films in the running for Palme d’Or at Cannes Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article In the Gallery People queue up as they wait to visit the city-state's first Apple Store on its opening day at Orchard Road, Singapore May 27, 2017. — Reuters pic Staff members welcome visitors to the city-state's first Apple Store on its opening day at Orchard Road, Singapore May 27, 2017. — Reuters pic People take photos at the city-state's first Apple Store on its opening day at Orchard Road, Singapore May 27, 2017. — Reuters pic Staff members welcome visitors to the city-state's first Apple Store on its opening day at Orchard Road, Singapore May 27, 2017. — Reuters pic A visitor poses with a souvenir t-shirt given away at the city-state's first Apple Store on its opening day at Orchard Road, Singapore May 27, 2017. — Reuters pic Staff members welcome visitors to the city-state's first Apple Store on its opening day at Orchard Road, Singapore May 27, 2017. — Reuters pic Staff members welcome visitors as they enter the city-state's first Apple Store on its opening day at Orchard Road, Singapore May 27, 2017. — Reuters pic Peter Xiang, 25, from Macau, who queued up since 8pm the day before, is congratulated by staff members to be the first visitor of the city-state's first Apple Store on its opening day at Orchard Road, Singapore May 27, 2017. — Reuters pic People visit the Apple store in the Orchard shopping district on its opening day in Singapore on May 27, 2017. — AFP picSINGAPORE, May 27 — Apple opened its first South-east Asia store in Singapore today, drawing hundreds of excited fans to the swanky two-storey site in the city’s upmarket shopping district. Located on the affluent Orchard Road, the new shop — easily distinguished by its iconic glass façade — is expected to be one of the most popular Apple stores in the world according to the US tech giant. Merchandise such as the iPhone and MacBook were strategically placed on display across the spacious first floor, while the upper level acted as a classroom for customers to participate in hands-on sessions. Hundreds of shoppers camped out in anticipation of the launch, while more than a thousand thronged the store soon after the doors opened, an AFP reporter observed. First in the queue was Xiang Jiaxin, a twenty-five-year-old Chinese national working in Macau who had queued for more than 12 hours overnight and planned a holiday to Singapore specially to coincide with the opening. “I am very happy and excited to be part of this. I have participated in the official store openings in Macau, Guangzhou and Nanjing,” he told AFP. Apple, which has a staggering US$256.8 billion (RM1.0 trillion) cash stockpile, celebrated its 40th anniversary last year. The Silicon Valley legend sprang out of Steve Jobs’ garage to reshape modern life with trend-setting gadgets. Most of its earnings come from the iPhone, which faces increasingly tough competition in a saturated market. The tech behemoth has almost 500 stores globally with more than a million visitors daily. Aside from Singapore, its Asia shops are located in Hong Kong, China and Japan. A regional transport, business and financial hub, Singapore attracted 16.4 million visitors last year. —AFP                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Google linking online and offline worlds in new ad challenge Upcoming video games: ‘Star Trek’ VR, ‘Tokyo 42,’ ‘Tekken 7,’ ‘Dirt 4,’ ‘Wipeout Collection’ Eager shoppers throng newly-opened Apple Orchard Road Singapore’s road safety campaign takes a VR twist Britain's real-life 'Iron Man' has high hopes for jet suit (VIDEO) Report: Facebook leaked documents show types of content it allows Free carpooling app for Singapore mosque-goers in time for Ramadan You won’t believe how easy it is to fool Samsung Galaxy S8’s ‘eye security’ Samsung investigating Galaxy S8 ‘iris hack’ Samsung to reveal stretchable display Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: One Direction's Styles tops Billboard with solo album Reuters Video: 'We hit a home run,' says Trump on foreign trip Reuters Video: Wenger says Cup triumph has no bearing on his future Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Reuters Video: Thai man murders baby, commits suicide on Facebook Live Tilda Swinton unveils strange ‘Okja’ promo clip Related Articles What you should know about Apple Orchard Road ahead of its May 27 opening Apple store along Singapore’s Orchard Road to open May 27 Top iPhone apps: ‘Injustice 2,’ ‘B612,’ ‘Lottoland’ Apple Store along Singapore’s Orchard Road to open soon Apple’s App Store shatters records on New Year’s day Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | recommend.my - Local Services
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Saturday, 27 May 2017 | MYT 12:00 PM Digital wallet services gain rising acceptance by george avalos The most common mobile-payment activities include paying bills through a mobile phone or web browser, buying items or digital content remotely with a phone, and paying for goods in a store with a phone, according to the Federal Reserve Bank in a report titled Consumers and Mobile Financial Services 2016. — Reuters SAN JOSE: Money and wallets simply aren't what they used to be.  Tech giants' card-less payment services – including Apple Pay, Android Pay from Google and Samsung Pay – aim to ease the path to the truly digital wallet, and researchers project huge growth in adoption by retailers and consumers. Even staid financial giants such as Wells Fargo and Bank of America are behind a push to encourage and enable customers to access ATMs without their debit cards.  Yet the digital wallet business has gotten off to a rough start, said Bay Area-based analyst Trip Chowdhry, managing director with Global Equities Research.  "There have been many false starts in this industry," Chowdhry said. "The current payment methods are intrusive, and they are not seamless."  Even so, card-less payment services are here to stay.  "Mobile proximity payments, enabled though near-field-communications, are projected to vastly increase to US$118bil (RM503.68bil) in 2018, up from US$3.5bil (RM14.91bil) in 2014," according to a report by Statista, a web-based data and statistics company. "Some of the benefits of mobile payments include the speed of payment, the convenience as well as the integration with pre-existing loyalty and coupon programs."  These benefits point to a brave new world of virtual wallets.  The most common mobile-payment activities include paying bills through a mobile phone or web browser, buying items or digital content remotely with a phone, and paying for goods in a store with a phone, according to the Federal Reserve Bank in a report titled Consumers and Mobile Financial Services 2016.  As of December 2016, Apple Pay led the way in North American retailers' adoption of mobile-payment systems, with 36% acceptance, according to Statista. PayPal had 34% acceptance, Mastercard PayPass had 25%, Android Pay had 24%, Visa CheckOut had 20% and Samsung Pay had 18%, the report said.  One of the next steps, analysts say, is to make payments seamless for the consumer, and to make it easy for shoppers to pick up items in stores without lining up at check stands.  This sort of convenience is already available in a different industry that new technologies have disrupted: "Uber and Lyft enable users to simply get out of the car at the end of the journey, while the app seamlessly processes the fare in the background," Sunnyvale-based technology company Rambus noted in a report.  The technology providers also need to overcome consumers' worries about security.  Campbell-based market researcher Creative Strategies recently studied digital wallets to assess barriers to greater adoption of the services.  "We found that fears about security, trusting in the apps, are the primary concerns," said Ben Bajarin, a principal analyst. "Consumers don't quite buy the story that they are secure. They are concerned that anything in a digital form can be stolen."  Bajarin said Apple, Android and Samsung mobile payment technologies all encrypt users' information, securing their credit card details.  "Compared to a physical credit card or physical wallet that can be stolen, digital wallets are secure," he said.  Here is a brief look at some of the technology leaders in mobile payments.  Apple Pay  Apple Pay is a free digital wallet and mobile payment service that can be used to make in-person payments and is compatible with an array of contact-less terminals. The system is live in 15 countries, including the United States and Canada, along with United Kingdom, France, Russia, China, Japan and several other European and Asian countries.  Q: How many retailers accept your service today? A: Tens of millions of customers are now using Apple Pay, and more than 13 million contact-less enabled locations exist in the countries where the service is live, Apple said in a statement. More than 4.5 million locations now accept Apple Pay in the US.  Retailers that support Apple Pay include Best Buy, B&H Photo, Bloomingdale's, Chevron, Disney, Dunkin' Donuts, GameStop, Jamba Juice, Kohl's, Lucky, McDonald's, Office Depot, Petco, Sprouts, Staples, KFC, Trader Joe's, Walgreens and Whole Foods, according to the MacRumors site.  Q: What improvements are you making to the service? A: Apple didn't disclose any upcoming upgrades. But Apple Chief Executive Officer Timothy Cook told analysts during a conference call this month: "Apple Pay is experiencing phenomenal traction. We're seeing strong, growing usage as points of acceptance expand, with transaction volume up 450 percent in the US alone."  Android Pay  Google developed the Android Pay digital wallet platform to power tap-to-pay purchases on mobile devices so customers can make payments with Android-based phones, tablets, or watches. Android Pay uses the near-field communications technology to exchange bank card information so funds can be transferred to the retailer.  Q: How many retailers accept your service today? A: "We don't have this number available to share," said Genevieve Park, a Google spokeswoman. However, some of the retailers using Android Pay are Best Buy, BJ's Wholesale Club, Bloomingdale's, Coca Cola, Dunkin' Donuts, Game Stop, Jamba Juice, Kentucky Fried Chicken, Macy's, Meijer, Panera Bread, Subway, Trader Joe's, Walgreens, Wegmans and Whole Foods.  Q: What improvements are you making to the service? A: A Google alliance with PayPal enables people to tap their PayPal accounts to make payments using their Android phones; Google has teamed up with multiple banks, including Bank of America and USAA Bank, to add bank cards to the Android Pay platform; and Gmail users can send money as an attachment in an email, the company said in a statement.  "Android Pay is a mobile wallet that allows Android users to save their credit, debit and loyalty cards to their phone and pay easily in-store, in-app, and on the mobile web," Google said.  Samsung Pay  Samsung Pay uses near-field communication technology and supports more than 500 banks and credit unions, which together represent more than 85% of the US debit card and credit card market.  Q: How many major retailers accept your service today? A: Samsung Pay works at more than 90% of the top 250 retailers and the vast majority of merchants, including small, local businesses, Samsung said. Because Samsung Pay supports both Near-Field Communications (NFC) and Magnetic Secure Transmission (MST) technologies, Samsung Pay is accepted almost anywhere you can swipe or tap your credit card, it said.  Samsung Pay is driving toward the goal of universal merchant acceptance, which is critical to consumer adoption, Samsung said.  Q: What improvements are you making to the service? A: Samsung has provided new incentives to help customers reach for their phones every time they go through checkout. Samsung Rewards, for example, serves as the loyalty platform for the entire Samsung ecosystem, working much like standard credit card points programs.  "With Samsung Rewards rapidly accelerating consumer adoption of mobile payments, and Samsung Pay's ability to work almost anywhere you can swipe a credit card unlike other solutions, we know that Samsung Pay is uniquely positioned to lead the mobile payments industry into the future," said Nana Murugesan, general manager of services and new business at Samsung Electronics America.  Wells Fargo  Instead of a physical card, customers can now use a mobile Wells Fargo app to choose card-free ATM access and then obtain a one-time token for that session to conduct transactions at the machine.  "Wells Fargo is the first large bank in the U.S. to have card-less ATM technology on our entire fleet," said Ruben Pulido, a Wells Fargo spokesman.  Bank of America  Bank of America focuses on digital wallets for its card-less ATM services.  "The way we deployed card-less technologies is we are accepting all digital wallets, including Apple Pay, Samsung Pay and Android Pay," said Charles Liu, chief of branch transformation, ATM innovation and market strategy. "We have enabled this so all of the digital wallets will work with our ATMs. You simply place your phone near an ATM terminal and they communicate with each other."  This sort of access is available at more than half of the Bank of America ATMs in the US and can be activated by uploading the bank card information to a digital wallet.  Retailers  Macy's and Bloomingdale's both accept Apple Pay, Android Pay and Samsung Pay, said Orlando Veras, a spokesman for Macy's Inc, whose subsidiaries include the two department store chains.  The only digital wallet Walmart accepts is Walmart Wallet, the retailer said in an e-mailed response. — San Jose Mercury News/Tribune News Service  Related Stories You May Be Interested Vietnam says Google will cooperate in removal of ‘toxic’ content Russia’s disinformation efforts hit 39 countries: researchers Google kills recruiters’ recovery with jobs for the bots Google’s employee-run email list tracks bias complaints Hackers sought to discredit Russian opposition leader: researchers Racing for a better tomorrow Others Also Read Chew: Come to us for help Political analyst: Dr M like a father who had tried to sell his 'son' Tourism important for economy advertisement Latest News How technology is changing our art, our world – and even ourselves Seattle startup founder sought a business partner, got a women’s alliance instead These are the most-booked destinations on Airbnb for summer Russia’s disinformation efforts hit 39 countries: researchers Google’s employee-run email list tracks bias complaints Most Viewed in Tech These are the most-booked destinations on Airbnb for summer How technology is changing our art, our world – and even ourselves Seattle startup founder sought a business partner, got a women’s alliance instead Russia’s disinformation efforts hit 39 countries: researchers Face of Facebook returns Google’s employee-run email list tracks bias complaints Fractious politics leads ‘Far Cry’ videogame to US Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
menu Sections Sunday, May 28, 2017 search Today's Paper insert_drive_file Close   INQUIRER.NET NEWS OPINION SPORTS LIFESTYLE PREEN ENTERTAINMENT BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY GLOBAL NATION USA & CANADA POP ESPORTS BANDERA CDN PBA MOTIONCARS INQSHOP MY INQUIRER ADVERTISE menu search NEWS OPINION SPORTS LIFESTYLE PREEN ENTERTAINMENT BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY GLOBAL NATION technology / Gadgets share this Apple opens first official store in Southeast Asia Agence France-Presse / 02:20 PM May 27, 2017 Employees (bottom) welcome visitors at the Apple store in the Orchard shopping district on its opening day in Singapore on May 27, 2017. Hundreds of people waited outside Apple’s first store in Southeast Asia in Singapore, which opened on May 27. AFP SINGAPORE—Apple opened its first Southeast Asia store in Singapore on Saturday, drawing hundreds of excited fans to the swanky two-story site in the city’s upmarket shopping district. Located on the affluent Orchard Road, the new shop — easily distinguished by its iconic glass facade — is expected to be one of the most popular Apple stores in the world according to the US tech giant. Merchandise such as the iPhone and MacBook were strategically placed on display across the spacious first floor, while the upper level acted as a classroom for customers to participate in hands-on sessions. ADVERTISEMENT Hundreds of shoppers camped out in anticipation of the launch, while more than a thousand thronged the store soon after the doors opened, an AFP reporter observed. First in the queue was Xiang Jiaxin, a twenty-five-year-old Chinese national working in Macau who had queued for more than 12 hours overnight and planned a holiday to Singapore specially to coincide with the opening. “I am very happy and excited to be part of this. I have participated in the official store openings in Macau, Guangzhou and Nanjing,” he told Agence France-Presse. Apple, which has a staggering $256.8 billion cash stockpile, celebrated its 40th anniversary last year. The Silicon Valley legend sprang out of Steve Jobs’ garage to reshape modern life with trend-setting gadgets. Most of its earnings come from the iPhone, which faces increasingly tough competition in a saturated market. The tech behemoth has almost 500 stores globally with more than a million visitors daily. Aside from Singapore, its Asia shops are located in Hong Kong, China and Japan. A regional transport, business and financial hub, Singapore attracted 16.4 million visitors last year. ADVERTISEMENT Subscribe to INQUIRER PLUS to get access to The Philippine Daily Inquirer & other 70+ titles, share up to 5 gadgets, listen to the news, download as early as 4am & share articles on social media. Call 896 6000. play_circle_filled Sulphur-powered giant shipworm unearthed in Philippines April 19, 2017 play_circle_filled New Google Earth unveiled that works on browsers and smartphones April 19, 2017 play_circle_filled Samsung launches Galaxy S8 phones, virtual assistant March 30, 2017 play_circle_filled Nintendo Switch console goes on sale in strategy reboot March 05, 2017 TAGS: Apple, Apple Store, Singapore For feedback, complaints, or inquiries, contact us. INQUIRER.net Follow @inquirerdotnet TRENDING entertainment ‘Grand exit’ for Art Acuña May 27, 2017 globalnation Clinton daughter calls Duterte ‘murderous thug,’ slams rape joke May 27, 2017 entertainment Nicole Scherzinger proud of her Filipino, Hawaiian roots May 28, 2017 newsinfo Last 7 of 11 Malabon ‘hulidap’ cops surrender May 28, 2017 newsinfo Life in prison for ‘demon’ who kept kids as sex slaves May 27, 2017 Disclaimer: Comments do not represent the views of INQUIRER.net. We reserve the right to exclude comments which are inconsistent with our editorial standards. FULL DISCLAIMER share this The Inquirer Channels News Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Business Opinion Global Nation Services Sitemap Mobile RSS Email Us Archive Contact Us Advertise News Letter Job Openings The Inquirer Company About INQUIRER.net About the INQUIRER User Agreement Link Policy Privacy Policy Article Index Partners Hinge Inquirer Bandera Cebu Daily News DZIQ990 AM Motion Cars PBA PesoPay IIDM © Copyright 1997-2016 INQUIRER.net | All Rights Reserved
Skip to main content Menu Order MacBook Pro | iPhone 7 | Mac Pro | Shop: Cheap Wireless Plans Forums Skip to navigation Skip to content iMore Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 6s iPhone 6s Plus MacBook Pro Apple Watch Series 2 iOS 10 macOS Sierra iPad Pro (12.9-inch) iPad Pro (9.7-inch) Apps & Games Shop HOT ACCESSORY DEAL$ Digital Offers Best sellers New releases Cases and covers Chargers and cables Battery packs Screen Protectors Toggle Search Accessibility for everyone Apple is proud to share its work on accessibility, and so should everyone else By Lory Gil Friday, May 26, 2017 at 12:00 pm EDT 0 Comments Lory is a renaissance woman, writing news, reviews, and how-to guides for iMore. She also fancies herself a bit of a rock star in her town and spends too much time reading comic books.  If she's not typing away at her keyboard, you can probably find her at Disneyland or watching Star Wars (or both). Last week was Global Accessibility Awareness Day and Apple made a point to let the world know that it is always working on improving accessibility features. Good for Apple. Apple has long been a trailblazer down the path to accessibility with such features as VoiceOver; it originated on the Mac back in 2007, and is now on every device the company makes. In recent years, Apple has been highlighting the importance of including accessibility features in new technologies and sharing its work with the world. It's incredible, the things Apple has accomplished in working toward an inclusive and supportive range of devices that anyone and everyone can use, no matter what their level of ability is. Apple isn't the only one doing these things. There are lots of tech companies that include accessibility features on there devices and in their software programs, and even more app developers that provide incredible help to those that need it. More companies should be spotlighting what they do to advance accessibility technologies and proudly share their successes with the world. The competition to see who is the best at it could produce some amazing and revolutionary results. How accessibility has helped my family My nephew has Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD). He is high-functioning, but didn't start out that way. He didn't say his first word until after turning three years old. Before he started speaking, his parents discovered a way to communicate with him using TapToTalk on a tablet or phone (TapToTalk has since gone out of business). When he was hungry, he could tell his parents that he wanted a bowl of cereal. The frustration that comes with not knowing why your child is upset eased up significantly once my nephew was able to talk to them thanks to TapToTalk. It's software like this that has helped a lot of families communicate when they never could before. Fast forward seven years. My brother has been undergoing treatment for throat cancer, which has damaged his voice-box so he can no longer speak. Today, my brother uses an app called Speak4Me Pro, in which he types what he wants to say and the app uses VoiceOver technology to relay the information. It's been incredibly helpful for my brother to have the ability to tell my nephew to stop talking, even though he doesn't have a voice to do it (just kidding, though he sure does talk a lot now). Both apps used by my family to help them have a voice when they weren't able to on their own didn't cost more than a dollar. Imagine how incredible it is to be able to talked to your loved ones, when you couldn't before, for just a dollar. Accessibility issues are a part of my life, and that's just my immediate family. It's likely that you know at least a few people that deal with something relating to accessibility, too, like a grandparent that has vision impairment or a friend with hearing loss. It's not a niche market. It's a huge market. How other companies besides Apple are helping the world If you do a Google search right now for "Accessibility Apple," you'll see dozens of hits at the top of the page of reports of Apple showcasing accessibility features on its products — spreading the word. If you do a Google search right now for "Accessibility Android" or "Accessibility Windows" you'll find some very informative how-to guides for using accessibility features, but very little reports of how these companies are making strides in the industry. Less people are talking about it because tech companies aren't spotlighting it. There doing it, they're just not talking about it. For example, Android has its own version of VoiceOver, which allows users to have words on screen and actions read allowed. It also lets a person connect their phone to switches or keyboards instead of the touch screen for people with dexterity impairments. It has braille display support, screen adjustments, and captions for supported content. Windows has a long list of accessibility features available with its desktop software and Windows Phone includes a number of features similar to Android, like a version of VoiceOver, adjustable screen options, a magnifier and zoom, and captions for supported content. Are they ashamed of their progress? Do they feel uncomfortable talking about it? I doubt it. I just don't think Google or Microsoft are spending much effort spreading the word of their part in making technology more accessible to everyone. How competition encourages growth Just like Google, Microsoft, and Apple are always fighting each other to prove who is the best at education, art, and generally cool features in their software updates, they should be fighting to prove who is better at inventing incredible advancements in accessibility. If every tech giant's keynote had a wow-factor section on accessibility, I'll bet we'd see the technology grow a lot faster. Google and Microsoft, it's time you put on your boxing gloves and took off your humble suit. Tell the world about what you do for accessibility and try to make it the "next big thing" at your yearly keynotes. Let's see some healthy competition in the accessibility field. Reader comments Apple is proud to share its work on accessibility, and so should everyone else 0 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Menu Log in or Sign up Search Apple Apps & Games Accessories & Toys Photo & Video Health & Fitness Movies & Music Transport Security Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Podcasts Android Central WindowsCentral iMore CrackBerry Connectedly TeslaCentral VRHeads MrMobile Modern Dad About Contact Us Jobs Privacy & Terms Mobile Nations 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2017 Mobile Nations Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Careers: Writer | Dev Licensing External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
Skip to main content Menu Order MacBook Pro | iPhone 7 | Mac Pro | Shop: Cheap Wireless Plans Forums Skip to navigation Skip to content iMore Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 6s iPhone 6s Plus MacBook Pro Apple Watch Series 2 iOS 10 macOS Sierra iPad Pro (12.9-inch) iPad Pro (9.7-inch) Apps & Games Shop HOT ACCESSORY DEAL$ Digital Offers Best sellers New releases Cases and covers Chargers and cables Battery packs Screen Protectors Toggle Search Vector Like Tensor for humans: Apple reportedly working on AI cores By Rene Ritchie Friday, May 26, 2017 at 5:18 pm EDT 12 Comments Rene Ritchie has been covering the personal technology industry for almost a decade. Editorial Director at Mobile Nations, analyst at iMore, video and podcast host, you can follow him @reneritchie on Snapchat, Instagram, and Twitter. Google has Tensor cores. Could Apple soon have AI cores of its own? Apple is already driving mobile silicon in a way few if any other companies have been able to keep up with. Now, a new report claims Apple will be using its considerable chipset chops to accelerate artificial intelligence as well. Mark Gurman, writing for Bloomberg: Apple is working on a processor devoted specifically to AI-related tasks, according to a person familiar with the matter. The chip, known internally as the Apple Neural Engine, would improve the way the company's devices handle tasks that would otherwise require human intelligence -- such as facial recognition and speech recognition. If true, this should surprise no one. Arguably, Apple's biggest advantage in computing right now is that the company custom crafts the complete stack, from atom to bit to pixel. That includes an ever-increasing amount of custom silicon. A few years ago, Apple offloaded motion tracking from its main A-series system-on-a-chip to an M-series sensor fusion hub. A few years later, it added onboard natural language parsing to the M-series to enable "Hey, Siri!" in as power-efficient a way as possible. The latest A-series, A10 Fusion, combines two high-efficiency cores with two high-performance cores to try to eek out as much battery life as possible while pushing pixels and bits as fast as possible. Anything that makes sense to offload to increase efficiency and performance, you can bet Apple is working on offloading. Including and especially AI, since it's such a hot topic these days. While Siri gave Apple an early advantage in voice recognition, competitors have since been more aggressive in deploying AI across their product lines, including Amazon's Echo and Google's Home digital assistants. This part reads oddly to me. Nothing against Mark, but it's a particularly bad narrative pervasive across U.S. media. Google Home is a single product. Echo is a growing line of similar, home-based products. Apple has pushed Siri from iPhone to and through iPad, Apple Watch, Apple TV, Mac, CarPlay, HomeKit, and accessories like AirPods. Apple has also expanded Siri across dozens of languages, including Chinese, Hebrew, and Arabic, as well as dozens of regions. It's fair to say no other vendor has yet been as aggressive as Apple in deploying virtual assistants across product lines or to customers around the world. "Two of the areas that Apple is betting its future on require AI," said Gene Munster, former Apple analyst and co-founder of venture capital firm Loup Ventures. "At the core of augmented reality and self-driving cars is artificial intelligence." This also reads oddly to me. Almost everything Apple does already requires AI. AI is going to be everywhere in computing the same way math is everywhere. There's nothing unique about special projects like augmented reality or cars. Machine learning, computer vision, and related technologies are already powering everything from battery efficiency to photo tagging, sequential inference to computational photography. Just because Google made its sound like they invented AI on the I/O 2016 stage, and it's now parroted alongside AR and VR the way mobile/social/local was a decade ago, doesn't mean companies like Apple (and Google) haven't been working on it for years. What's interesting isn't that the big tech giants are working on it; it's how they will use it to solve real problems in the information and computer space and, in Apple's case, how it will solve those problems while protecting our security and privacy at the same time. Reader comments Like Tensor for humans: Apple reportedly working on AI cores 12 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Sort by Date Sort by Rating coffeemike "Google Home is a single product. Echo is growing line of similar, home based products. Apple has pushed Siri from iPhone to and through iPad, Apple Watch, Apple TV, Mac, CarPlay, HomeKit, and accessories like AirPods." ... except that Google's Assistant is available across mobile devices (Android, iOS), within Chrome I believe, not just through the Home product. And Alexa is present and capable on the Echo products as well as through the Alexa app, the Amazon app, the Fire stick, presumably the Fire TV, and so on. It's a valid comparison, correct? And - pardon my ignorance - is Siri present in Airpods independent of the phone? 0 1 day ago Reply bhatech Yeah smh at google home is a single product. Hello !!! google now, assistant, voice recognition is everywhere. 0 1 day ago Reply cuttheredwire The AirPods have a tap for Siri feature. Viticci mentioned he uses them for Siri in his latest podcast. "While Siri gave Apple an early advantage in voice recognition, competitors have since been more aggressive in deploying AI across their product lines, including Amazon's Echo and Google's Home digital assistants." Rene's point is that the media forgets that Siri is in so many places. Apple has been aggressively implementing Siri, but you would never know it by news coverage. He does *not* claim that Google is less aggressive or in fewer places in any way at all. 0 1 day ago Reply bhatech News coverage is about how Siri sucks, no one complains that's not in many places. They complain because it's bad compared to competition. 0 1 day ago Reply bhatech "This part reads oddly to me. Nothing against Mark, but it's a particularly bad narrative pervasive across U.S. media." Nothing against Rene, but it's just pro apple narrative from you, Gruber and few others on everything Apple does. At least Mark is honest even though he loves Apple products. Pretty much everyone is right Siri lacks and is just dumb compared to google. And, yeah Google does it many languages as well if that's your defense for whatever little Siri can do. On the positive side, I'm excited to see what Apple comes up and see how it can compete with Google given it has no other option other than pushing privacy story and how it can do everything on device. They would love to be like google but given the lack of their ability we have to see how well they can do this AI stuff on device and keeping privacy in mind. "Just because Google made its sound like they invented AI on the I/O 2016 stage, and it's now parroted alongside AR and VR the way mobile/social/local was a decade ago, doesn't mean companies like Apple (and Google) haven't been working on it for years." Really? You are so hurt on this? Even on MacBreak weekly you brought this up. This is what Apple does for pretty much everything in their keynote. Every feature they talk as if they invented it even though it's on competitor's device for years. 0 1 day ago Reply cuttheredwire They all try to make it sound like they invented it. Heck, people have forgotten there were smart phones before 2007. There were, but far fewer people had them. As for the narrative, I am seeing a lot of criticism on the media praising the Echo and viewing the Apple Watch as a flop. Yet I've read on multiple places that the watch sells more in volume and for a profit while the Echo is sold for a loss and fewer are sold. Numbers are not released, so I'm going to dig for the articles (but I believe Above Avalon was one of them). What is interesting is the way the Echo has caught the attention of the media. It's different and it is functional. There is plenty to write about since it is so open (too open for my tastes). The hardware is getting refreshed at a good pace too. As for Siri, yep, it needs work. Actually, it needs a way for me to tell it that, no, it did not understand me. That's really all I want… that and to have more fluid conversations. 0 23 hours ago Reply Jose_Rey Really? The Echo losing money? That seems strange to me. I mean, after all, it's useless if you have no internet. It cannot do anything unless it has access to it. No timers, alarms, nada. At least that's what they said in the reviews. 0 6 hours ago Reply themacbuddha How Apple approaches the digital assistant is predicated on these factors: Security/Privacy, Ubiquity, and Extensibility. Security/Privacy---Data storage and manipulation is best served on the local device when it can be and only stored and manipulated on the cloud if it can be done so at the deepest level. For a photo to be synced to and manipulated in the iCloud and for Apple to do so having excluded their ability to hold any encryption key protecting it is a very, very, very tall order. There is a reason they hired Jonathan Zdziarski. The call to crop and apply a filter needs to happen on all devices AND the cloud without compromising privacy. Keeping customer data encrypted at these levels on their servers is not in Google's best interest or even their wheelhouse. Google doesn't talk the security game. Therefor they keep themselves open to running fast and loose with your data. That means ample blood in the water for any number of bad players to go after. The trope of Google User Data Anonymization is prime for failure. Not a matter of "if" but "when". The continued treatment of end user devices as dumb terminals and the shoving of ever more data and processing power to the cloud leads to laziness on the OEM's part. We've seen this battle before. One can only assume that Samsung is not simply glomming Viv to things but actually following through on the promise of Android as a true open source solution. Don't Hold Your Breathe. Reports that Apple is creating custom silicon for managing digital dossiers should not surprise anyone. Nor should the fact that they are telling Qualcomm to take a hike now be a surprise. That they added Intel as a supplier for cellular modems is quite telling - they are going to make their own modems too. 0 21 hours ago Reply themacbuddha Ubiquity---Though it might seem obvious to most the scale of this can not be understated. The "Internet of Things" is akin to the "World Wide Web" in my mind. Tremendous promise turns into absolute morass of pain. To put some perspective to something that was mentioned in an earlier post regarding the Amazon Echo line: There is plenty of talk about how wonderful Tesla is doing. Yet the Apple Watch has generated more unit sales then Echo and more revenue then Tesla. Apple Watch is primed to leap forward this fall. This is not to belabor those companies' successes but to illustrate that the reach of Apple products and there for Siri (or whatever the overall solution is deemed to be called) exemplifies how far it can go. Apple Watch can be viewed as an accessory to iPhone. And what of any Siri Speaker (hate that name) product. What of a newer wifi system that integrates and amplifies Siri and HomeKit. What of CarPlay and other integrated auto systems. Project Titan is aptly named but probably a **** lot closer than most think to producing fruit. Extensibility---Echo has both language support and security working against it. Amazon is predominately US company. However one must appreciate that it is Walmart and their ilk that Amazon is truly competing against. Don't undersell that. Google's bread and butter on the other hand is in advertising. And they will ride that pony straight in to the ground. Their forte is on the server. Their greatest success found almost exclusively within a web browser. Again...Advertising and the World Wide Web! When combined, the most hated concept in existence. They will have a difficult time assailing that wall. I foresee a lot of WTF results that is far worse the bane of Siri now. And where might Apple fit in this? Yes, yes, yes! Fluid conversation is nice but natural language is better suited. In fact it is absolutely imperative. And never mind about just simple language support. What about muddled accents and mixed languages - Spanglish anyone? Recognize the extent third party support for Siri introduces a set of complexities far, far, far beyond the chicken scratch/Graffiti approach of Google Assistant and Alexa, and is dependant on Apple growing domains instead of leaving businesses to grab at the lowest hanging fruit. Make no mistake it is not about competing against Android/Amazon/Google/Advertising/BuynLarge. It's about creating a platform for communication and commerce that doesn't bank on the gullibility of the end user. It's all my data; what I buy, who I buy it from, what I do with it? Whose to say that a viable solution positively requires that I give up that control. Just remember....the road less travelled. (All Over The Place, I Know!) 0 21 hours ago Reply johnnygoodface That last sentence says it all! Yes indeed, security and privacy are the hole point of making an AI chip in the phone, so that requests are analyzed and decisions are taken locally, and not from a distant server, and this will hopefully makes the response time much faster. 0 12 hours ago Reply delta4s Google and Amazon are into AI for the purpose and goal of increased efficiency in advertising and selling of your data. The promoted benefits to you personnally are a side effect and not the goal. However, Apple really needs to step up. Siri has improved but has a long way to go. Apple doesn't have the cloud infrastructure setup to process AI so it needs to do it not the device. I wonder if that data can transferred to a new device. 0 11 hours ago Reply johnnygoodface "I wonder if that data can transferred to a new device."? That's indeed a very good question, one Apple should take into consideration, since all that the AI chip will have learned will need to be backup to iCloud too ---- sorry I should have replied to delta4s instead 0 10 hours ago Reply Menu Log in or Sign up Search Apple Apps & Games Accessories & Toys Photo & Video Health & Fitness Movies & Music Transport Security Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Podcasts Android Central WindowsCentral iMore CrackBerry Connectedly TeslaCentral VRHeads MrMobile Modern Dad About Contact Us Jobs Privacy & Terms Mobile Nations 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2017 Mobile Nations Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Careers: Writer | Dev Licensing External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
TRENDING CES 2017 MicroCap Donald Trump MLB Clinton Pol Sports Business Simulations Navigate Zennie62 Personalities, Zennie Abraham Forward Looking Statements Disclaimer YT Comic Con Oscars ATL CHI CLV DAL DC DEN Fash GAMe KIV LA LV BH LON NFL Oakland Obama NYC MIA Phil SF LV SEA SD Tech Zennie62 TOS Cont Who Ad Rates LOG Live FLS Apple reportedly developing a dedicated AI chip for the iPhone – The Verge Posted on May 26 2017 - 4:32pm by Zennie Abraham Categorized as tech 25 Related The original ‘Crazy Taxi’ is free to play on your smartphone – Engadget The Verge Apple is reportedly working on a dedicated artificial intelligence chip that would power AI-related tasks on mobile devices, according to a report from Bloomberg’s Mark Gurman. The chip, which may be called the Apple Neural Engine, would be used to … Apple developing dedicated AI chip called Apple Neural EngineAppleInsider (press release) (blog) Apple Is Following Google Into Making A Custom AI ChipForbes Apple’s advances in AI Continue to Surface at a Record Pace as news of a ‘Neural Engine’ Chip now EmergesPatently Apple Bloomberg –Engadget –Mac Rumors –PCMag all 33 news articles …read more Source:: Tech News By Google News The Zennie62 News Sites Atlanta - Chicago - Denver - Houston - Las Vegas - Los Angeles - New York - Oakland - Oakland News - Washington DC - Orlando - Richmond - Miami - London - Seattle Blog - Cleveland Blog - RSS - Honolulu - San Diego - San Francisco - Facebook - Dallas - Zennie62 - NFL Football - YouTube - Twitter - RSS - Sims - SFGate - Examiner - College Football - SF Events San Francisco - Tom Teicholz - Microcap Stock News Blog - World News Media Network - Visit and follow Zennie62 at Twitter Share to Linkedin - your text link here. About the Author Zennie Abraham Zennie Abraham is the founder of Zennie62Media which consists of zennie62blog.com and a multimedia blog news aggregator and video network, and 78-blog network, with social media and content development services and consulting. Zennie is a pioneer video blogger, YouTube Partner, social media practitioner, game developer, and pundit. Note: news aggregator content does not reflect the personal views of Mr. Abraham. SUBSCRIBE TO ZENNIE62 ON YOUTUBE here for latest Zennie62 on YouTube videos SUBSCRIBE TO ZENNIE62BLOG.com NEWS FEED SUBSCRIBE TO NEWS from Zennie62Blog.com by Email Zennie62Media: Content Development, Social Media Marketing, Reputation Management click here for more info on our services Become a Zennie62 sponsor, visit the Sponsor Zennie62 page. HELP HOMELESS AMERICAN VETERANS, donate to Code Of Support . [yourchannel user="Zennie62"] Zennie62 Email List Name Email * Zennie62 on YouTube Las Vegas Pol Blasts NFL Oakland Raiders Zennie62 YouTube at CES 2017 Video downloader for my YT vids Follow Zennie62 Twitter Follow @zennie62 Click For The Vrypac Backpack Subscribe To Zennie62 YouTube Oscars 2016 Zennie62 YouTube Zennie62 On YouTube Susan Johnston On New Media Film Festival June 6-8 LA Livestream Susan Johnston Talks New Media Film Festival: Zennie62 7PM EST Tonight Zenni.com And CEO Tibor Laczay Use Zennie Abraham Name As Internet Ad Piggyback Conan O'Brien Says End Of TV Is Good On Vanity Fair Chris Godwin Gets Praise From NFL Bucs Jameis Winston At OTAs Gene Britlik Oakland Marathon, Oakland Running Festival Creator, Quits After 8 Years Are Women-Only Wonder Woman Screenings Sexist? Nashville vs Pittsburgh In Stanley Cup Finals - Cavs vs Warriors NBA Finals Rematch Livestream SHAQ Shows Bad Feet, Toes On NBA On TNT President Trump Right To Ask NATO To Pay Fair Share For Defense - Obama Did Donald Trump Pushes NATO Official Out Of The Way For TV Cameras http://www.youtube.com/c/zennie62 AJ Sports At NFL Combine For Zennie62 Pin It Go to DASHBOARD > Appearance > Menus to set up the menu. Recent Comments labman57 on Miss District Of Columbia Says Health Care Is A Privilege – Miss USA 2017 – Vlog Zennie Abraham on Oakland Has Forgotten How To Do Economic Development Rod Harrell on Oakland Has Forgotten How To Do Economic Development Zennie Abraham on Mayor Schaaf Announces Plan To Take Oakland Raiders By Eminent Domain (LS) – Vlog Zennie Abraham on Did Oakland Raiders Owner Mark Davis Lie About Coliseum Lease, Las Vegas Decision, At NFL Meeting? – @2017 Zennie62Media | Back to top Open
Hi      |   My Account  |  Logout Login  |  My Account  |  Subscribe Trending: Neighbors welcome Apple’s plans for empty lot NV Energy promotes Jeff Brigger Harrah’s Reno Steak House kicks off 50th Anniversary celebration Elemental LED announces move to northern Nevada Oregon-based consulting firm, The Gunter Group, expands into Reno Serving Northern Nevada Menu News News Briefs People Real Estate About Us Special Sections E-Edition Events Tahoe Events Reno Events Carson Events Book of Lists Complete 2018 Survey Business Leads Marketplace Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Place Ad  News News Briefs People Real Estate About Us Special Sections E-Edition Events Tahoe Events Reno Events Carson Events Book of Lists Complete 2018 Survey Business Leads Marketplace Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Place Ad Rob Sabo Info@nnbw.biz Back to: News May 26, 2017 | Follow News Submit Your News Neighbors welcome Apple’s plans for empty lot Rob Sabo Info@nnbw.biz May 26, 2017 Article Comments () Rob Sabo | This weedy empty lot at Evans Avenue and Fifth Street has been purchased by Appl for a distribution center. Rob Sabo | This empty lot just east of Downtown Reno will get a newhigh-tech look with its purchase by Apple for a distribution center. Prev of images Next Every time she looks out the front window, Belen Morales, manager of BJ's Hair Shop on Evans Avenue, has stared at a barren dirt lot across the street from the salon for the six years she's been employed there. The blighted lot at Fifth Street and Evans Avenue in downtown Reno soon could get a major facelift from a big-name tenant, though. Apple recently announced plans to construct a distribution facility as part of an additional $1 billion investment in its operations in northern Nevada. The site was formerly home to a warehouse that was demolished following heavy winter snows in 2005. It's been a vacant dirt lot ever since. For awhile the lot used for impromptu parking for Reno Aces baseball games, but a chain-link fence went up about a year ago that put a kibosh on the free parking. Morales is all for the Apple project. "I think it is fabulous that we will have something across the street," she says. "We have a lot of traffic this way anyway, so I don't think it will have a huge impact. We probably will have more police patrol, and more lighting. "We have a great little area here," she adds. "This is not a bad spot for them. It will only benefit all of us, and I think it is a great thing." The area surrounding Fifth and Evans site was part of the sweeping Tessera redevelopment project, which called for 1.2 million square feet of mixed-used development. That project ultimately never transpired as the hard-hitting recession scuttled developers' plans for the district. Apple five years ago announced a $1 billion dollar investment in northern Nevada to take place over 10 years, and accomplished that spending goal in five years as it built out its data center at Mustang. The tech giant recently announced it will increase its investment in northern Nevada by an additional $1 billion to expand on its data center and construct a distribution facility in downtown Reno. Apple originally wanted to lease the downtown land but now wants to purchase the property to build its distribution facility. The land is held by Northern Nevada Urban Development Company, the proposed developers of the Tessera District. Buying the land is a key part of Apple's investment strategy in northern Nevada, said Apple representative Mike Foulkes to the Reno City Council. "We spent a long time trying to find a good site in town that would be good for us and the city," Foulkes said. "To make the kind of investment we are willing to make, we need to own the property. It is not the type of investment you make on a leased property." Apple's investment in the downtown facility would be in excess of $4 million, Foulkes says, and the new facility would mirror the look and feel of Apple's retail and employment centers. "We are working to really make it a showpiece for downtown," he says. "We think it will be the most beautiful building in that corridor. For us, beauty is important." It wouldn't take much to be named the most beautiful building in that area, although the area does exude the rustic charm of old Reno with many old brick buildings. Fifth Street and Evans Avenue are home to older 1960s homes and some even older apartment buildings — one dates back to 1908. There also are several older storage warehouses in the adjacent areas. Stantec Consulting Services in March filed a special use permit with the City of Reno that details plans to build a 27,000-square-foot warehouse/distribution center on 1.38 acres at 520 Evans Avenue. The facility would be built to accommodate between five to seven truck deliveries each day from Sixth Street. The facility would employ between eight and 12 people, although office space could accommodate 15 or so employees. This mirrors what Foulkes told the city council. The proposed building would be constructed using a combination of masonry, metal panels and resin panels, the Stantec permit states. It also would include new eight-foot sidewalks with deciduous trees planted every 30 feet along Evans, Fifth and Sixth streets. Forty trees in total and 240 shrubs would ring the property, and signage would be limited to address signage on Sixth Street and Evans Avenue. Josh Rosenstock, Apple spokesman, said in a statement in early May that the Silicon Valley tech giant supports more than 700 jobs in Nevada. "Nevada is home to our largest solar investment, powering our data center with clean energy. We're excited to be increasing our contributions to the local economy with an additional $1 billion investment to expand our data center and supporting facilities. As part of our growth we plan to hire 100 employees and expect construction will support an additional 300 jobs." Join the Conversation View and add comments » A Facebook account is required Stories You May Be Interested In Trending In: News Neighbors welcome Apple’s plans for empty lot NV Energy promotes Jeff Brigger Harrah’s Reno Steak House kicks off 50th Anniversary celebration Elemental LED announces move to northern Nevada Top Jobs Washoe Development Group Chief Medical Officer (Physician) Carson City, NV 89705 Washoe Tribe of Nevada/California is hiring for the following position: Chief Medical ... City of South Lake Tahoe MAINTENANCE TECH II South lake Tahoe, CA 96150 CITY OF SOUTH LAKE TAHOE, CA MAINTENANCE TECHNICIAN II $18.81 - $20.87/hr Addtl Info... MD Barns Northern Nevada General Construction Workers Genoa , NV 89411 MD Barns Northern Nevada is looking for Full Time General Construction Workers. Willing to ... North Tahoe Fire Protection District Forest Fuels Coordinator Tahoe City, CA 96145 NORTH TAHOE FIRE PROTECTION DISTRICT Forest Fuels Coordinator Applications and job ... Beachcomber Inn Housekeeping South Lake Tahoe , CA 96150 Housekeeper Part Time. $200 sign on bonus after 60 days. Cleaning of 1 bedroom suites, ... Washoe Development Group Physician Carson City, NV 89705 Washoe Tribe of Nevada/California is hiring for the following position: Physician ($149,... Vacasa Housekeeping Manager S. Lake Tahoe Vacasa is now hiring a Housekeeping Manager in SLT! Competitive salary with benefits. ... Sidestreet Boutique PT Sales Associate South Lake tahoe, CA 96150 Sidestreet Boutique Accepting applications for PT Sales Associate Position Must have ... McNeil Cleaning Cleaning Person Carson City, NV 89701 Cleaning Person Carson City, P/T ,M-F 11am-5pm bckgrd. check req. $10.00 an hour Call 775-... South Tahoe Public Utility District Underground Sewer Repair I/II South Lake Tahoe, CA 96150 South Tahoe Public Utility District Underground Sewer Repair I/II The South Tahoe Public ... Bob Dog Pizza Restaurant Positions Meyers, CA 96150 Bob Dog Pizza - Meyers. ALL POSITIONS! Apply in person at 3160 Hwy 50. Douglas County Recreation Leaders Gardnerville, NV 89410 Douglas County Stateline Kahle Community Center has openings for: Seasonal Recreation ... D'lish Catering & Buritto Window Cooks, Prep Cooks, Servers & ... Truckee, CA 96150 And Burrito Window are currently seeking Cooks, Prep Cooks, Servers and Bartenders for ... The Fallon Police Department Police Dispatcher Fallon, NV 89406 CITY OF FALLON POLICE DISPATCHER POSITION The Fallon Police Department is currently seeking ... Douglas County Court Information Technology Manager ., NV 89423 Douglas County has openings for: Court Information Technology Manager $72,716.80 - $109,... View all » NNBW E-Edition COMMERCIAL REAL ESTATE Business & Service Directory House Cleaning Services by ... Carson City, NV 89701 House Cleaning Services by Maria Mendivil (775)671-8503 Licensed & ... "We Do It All" NV Lic. # 0069967 ... All over, NV 89423 "We Do It All" NV Lic. # 0069967 267-2233 246-8300 265-3858 882-7400 1 Call Home Repair Service! ... All Over, NV 89701 1 Call Home Repair Service! Insured! Call Tim 775-750-4744 lic # 1129177... Westside Landscape Weed ... All Over, NV 89701 Westside Landscape Weed Abatement, aerate & de-thatch Mow & Trim ... J&R Painting Quality paint job ... Carson City, NV 89507 J&R Painting Quality paint job at affordable price. Call Randy at 775-... #1 Moving Experience! Moving ... Carson City, NV 89701 #1 Moving Experience! Moving Assistant. Trash Hauling. 775-884-3906 or ... New Office Now in our new office! Dr... Tahoe City, CA 96145 New Office Now in our new office! Dr. Amin (Sam) Zahirfar General & Family ... Silver State Landscape Now ... Carson City, NV 89701 Silver State Landscape Now accepting new lawn maintenance accounts ... J.R. Seals Co. Sprinkler & PVB ... Carson City, NV 89701 J.R. Seals Co. Sprinkler & PVB Repairs! Call 775-884-3835 Ice dam removal service 24/7 stop ... Ice dam removal service 24/7 stop leaks today 1-208-585-18154uicedamremoval... View all » News Home Real Estate Book of Lists Business Leads Marketplace Jobs Classifieds Autos Real Estate Rentals Service Directory Merchandise Recreation Reader Tools Contact Us Contribute ePaper Newsletters Advertise Archives RSS Single Copy Sales Locations News Neighbors Gardnerville – Nevada Lake Tahoe Grass Valley – California Nevada Appeal About Us Terms and Conditions Terms of Use Privacy Policy ©2005 - 2017 Swift Communications, Inc.
News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers News Conference Index TQ Deals Answers Tech5 Expand to Asia Contact Jobs Advertise Team About Categories Apps Gear Tech Creative Contributors Insights Launch World Distract Offers Have a cookie TNW uses cookies to personalize content and ads to make our site easier for you to use. We do also share that information with third parties for advertising & analytics. Got it! or More info Sections Apps Gear Tech Creative Contributors Insights Launch World Distract Offers About TNW About Team Advertise Jobs Contact TNW Sites News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers Cyberspace Culture Learning from the past and molding the future of technology: a conversation with John Sculley by D. S. Bradford — in Contributors 291 shares The world of technology has given us so much in the way of improving quality of life. From practical application in the world of medicine to creating virtual playgrounds for recreation, we see innovation moving so quickly that it can be hard to keep up sometimes. In looking to our future, we look to our past, which – relative to the age of our planet – is not that long at all. We can learn a lot from those that came before us and are still with us now, sharing their experience and continuing to make the world a better place. I had the great fortune of sitting down with John Sculley, the former CEO of Apple and Pepsi President, to talk about what it was like to work with Steve Jobs, what he has learned during his long and impressive career, and what future innovators need to succeed in the world of tech. The Next Web: Hello John. Thank you for joining me today. As we all know, there was once a time when Apple, as a fledgling company, was going through a tumultuous time. As someone who has been successful in several ventures, what was your experience during this time and what was it like to work with Steve Jobs? John Sculley: I was Steve Jobs’ partner and closest friend for three years.  What made Steve Jobs different is he never tried to adapt to fit into the world. Steve always wanted the world to change and see the possibilities he saw. When he was 27, Steve was brilliant and in deep learning mode. Like many geniuses, he experimented and made mistakes. It was amazing experience to be with him seven days a week. It was during these years that Steve Jobs defined his first principles that still the foundation of Apple today. TNW: What were those principles, John? JS: There are six: 1.) Empower non-technical people with bicycles for the mind that will unleash their creativity. 2.) Change the world by enabling people to visually communicate (in those days before the Web, Steve Jobs created AppleTalk that wired Macs together). 3.) Design is important to everything Apple will do and simplification is the ultimate sophistication. 4.) No compromises. 5.) Every detail of how we do things at Apple must be as perfect as possible. The six colors of the logo. The Mac Factory, and many other examples. As we were getting ready to finish the final rev of the Mac mother board, just before first release, Steve saw a slight imperfection. The engineer working on it said to Steve, “ This board will be inside the Mac box and no one will ever know.”  Steve looked at him will a deep stare and said, “I’ll know.” 6) The Mac team needs to be willing to devote every waking moment of their lives to making Macintosh insanely great. There is no time to waste. TNW: [Laughs] I love how Jobs’ words were so ominous, but I get it. It’s not enough for the products to be great, they have to be the best. The standards are what separate competing forces from one another and gives the edge to the ones that give way more attention to every little detail. It’s respectable. Those core values certainly have helped Apple gain a huge market share and I do agree that there have been some beautiful products that have come out of the company. What do you think about the direction Apple has gone with Tim Cook at the helm? JS: Tim Cook is an outstanding Apple CEO. TNW: What role and ideas did you have to make Apple a product marketing company? What knowledge did you bring from the successes of Pepsi to create the perception that Apple was the product to buy over other computer brands? We see the same kind of marketing now, and have for years, with imagery of people’s lives being vastly improved by Apple products, from listening to music, photography, and even tracking one’s own health metrics. Let’s talk about the focus on targeting the creative community and lifestyle. JS: My role was to teach Steve Jobs about consumer marketing. In the 1970’s, Coca-Cola outsold Pepsi in half the US by 10:1. As Pepsi’s then 30 year old CMO, I realized the reality was: Coke was the most famous and most profitable consumer brand in the world. Coca Cola owned reality. Perception leads reality. So, Pepsi needed to own ‘perception’. We achieved this goal by focusing on the customer’s experience with Pepsi versus Coke. The marketing campaign we developed was called ‘The Pepsi Challenge’. I called it “experience marketing”. Steve Jobs loved our conception of “experience marketing” as he was then developing and building the Mac. The user’s experience was at the heart of Steve Jobs’ vision. Steve told me, “You have got to come to Apple and teach me how to do experience marketing.” The first iteration of experience marketing was the launch of the TV campaign for the Mac, known today as the 1984 Super Bowl TV commercial. TNW: The world of high tech is an incredibly competitive market and one false move can make or break any company, but to be successful, one must take risks. How do you find the balance between sound decision-making and taking chances? What can aspiring business-owners and entrepreneurs learn from our forefathers in the tech community that can lead to success? JS: Most ‘adaptive innovators’ try to fit their innovation into the world. Steve Jobs never cared about fitting into the world. He wanted the world to adapt andfit in to his vision of the future. This is when Steve meant when he said he wanted to put a dent in the universe. TNW: During your time at Apple, you oversaw the development of the Newton. That project specifically ran into many obstacles during development and the competition, Palm Pilot, ultimately gained the market share at the time. Do you think that, even though Jobs terminated the project, he still held onto a little piece of the concept to aid in the development of the iPhone and other touchscreen products? Do you think that the technology would have been as sought-after by consumers had Jobs not famously unveiled the iPod Touch and iPhone the way he did? JS: Newton turned out to be seminal development for Apple. It was the first PDA that used a graphics screen interface. The first machine learning digital assistant. The Newton team co-developed the ARM microprocessor and Apple owned 43% of ARM. If Apple hadn’t of sold their 43% of ARM for a reported $800 million in 1997, Apple would have gone bankrupt. TNW: What is your take on the trending of new technology such as VR/AR? Do you think that there is an important use for it that can be utilized beyond the recreational use of average consumers? JS: I am very involved with AI now. I am vice chairman of ‘Lantern’ a fin-tech company in California that is developing an A platform for consumer credit scoring called BeamAI. TNW: What traits and instincts do Millennials absolutely need to possess in order to compete and earn success in today’s market? JS: There has never been a better time for entrepreneurs. So many exponentially growing technology breakthroughs like: cloud, mobile, unstructured data, AI, IoT.  Milennials need to have insatiable curiosity and they need to find noble causes that inspire them and others that can change the world. There has to be a better way to do things and technology is now reliable, inexpensive, and highly scalable. TNW: You’ve earned a tremendous success during your long career, and continue to do so. What is it like to experience such success and what is the best advice you’ve received throughout your career? What knowledge and experience can you now teach to those who are making the trek behind you? JS: My best advice is: Stay curious. Take chances. Failure is a learning experience. Never ever give up. TNW: Thank you so much for your time, John. It’s been a pleasure to speak with you today.   Learn more about John Sculley through his website, where he shares even more about his wealth of knowledge in specific markets, and shows future entrepreneurs how to create a successful business in today’s market to solve the problems of tomorrow. Resources: John Sculley on Facebook John Sculley on Twitter John Sculley on YouTube Read next: How to transition a company from startup to scale-up ContributorsJohn Sculley Share on Facebook (22) Share on Twitter (209) D. S. Bradford is a reporter from Philadelphia, PA. Happy to hear your thoughts on david@dsbradford.com or @DSBradford on Twitter. Music artist, writer, videographer, and motion graphics engineer from Philadelphia, PA. CEO of Equinox By Fireside Music and co-founder of video game company, Stormhaven Studios, LLC. Connect with me on Twitter and Facebook. Contact Mail Tweet Location Philadelphia, PA   All posts by David > Here's some more distraction Chipotle reports hackers stole credit card info using malware Rachel Kaser Shady online diamond dealer proves ‘conflict-free’ is no guarantee Bryan Clark 2017 predictions for Big Data, IoT, and AI Jamie Tolentino 5 strategies to manage unexpected business growth William Watterson Apple veteran Marc Newson has designed a $12000 hourglass Rachel Kaser Hacker trolls Zuckerberg commencement speech by defacing Harvard newspaper Rachel Kaser Comments Recommended How AR and computer vision will impact our lives for the better Lauren Gilmore Most popular 1 This app uses artificial intelligence to turn design mockups into source code Mix 2 Google launches animation tool so you can turn boring data into cool GIFs Mix 3 Snap just bought a drone company Rachel Kaser 4 Raspberry Pi and CoderDojo team up to create world’s biggest coding school Matthew Hughes 5 Rumors spread on WhatsApp lead to mob violence and death in India Rachel Kaser Never miss out Stay tuned with our weekly recap of what’s hot & cool by our CEO Boris. Thank you! Do it Join over 260,000 subscribers! Latest 1 How An Ambitious Startup Innovated Digital for B2B and B2C Companies Robert Hellson 2 5 types of rest every creative should adopt Will Meier 3 Zoolz offers 1TB of cloud storage for life - for under $30 TNW Deals 4 British Airways cancels flights after major IT outage Matthew Hughes 5 How to transition a company from startup to scale-up Tyler Leshney Upcoming Events TNW Conference May 18, 2017 Popular Companies Amazon eBay Facebook Google Yahoo Trending Topics iPhone MacBook Playstation Samsung Galaxy YouTube Events About Team Advertise Jobs Contact © 2006–2017 The Next Web B.V. Made with ♥ in Amsterdam. Powered by Stay tuned Treat yourself Sit back and let the hottest tech news come to you by the magic of electronic mail. Thank you! Sign up Prefer to get the news as it happens? Follow us on social media. 1.76M followers 1M likes Help us out Who are you? Got two minutes to spare? We'd love to know a bit more about our readers. Start! All data collected in the survey is anonymous. ↑ ↓ Navigate up/down Enter Go to article / Search new term Esc Close search
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iOS 11 iPad (2017) iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS 10.13 macOS Sierra Siri Smart Speaker tvOS 10 watchOS 3 WWDC 2017 Buyer's Guide Forums Siri Smart Speaker iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra WWDC 2017 MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air iOS 11 macOS 10.13 Apple VR Project iMac iPad (2017) Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close Subscribe to the MacRumors Newsletter Apple Orchard Road in Singapore Officially Opens to the Public Friday May 26, 2017 8:32 pm PDT by Mitchel Broussard Apple today officially opened up its first retail location in Southeast Asia, Apple Orchard Road in Singapore, to the public at 10:00 a.m. local time. The store marks the newest addition to Apple's next-generation retail rollout, following similar design principles and community-focused values seen at Apple Union Square in San Francisco and Apple Dubai Mall. So honored to spend some time this morning with Apple's head of retail @AngelaAhrendts at Apple Orchard Road. She's a rock star!! pic.twitter.com/E2E8dZxYS8— MuttonsInTheMorning (@muttons) May 27, 2017 As the first Apple retail store in Southeast Asia, Apple Orchard Road has received a lot of attention over the past few weeks leading up to its grand opening. Reports began to ramp up in early May when Apple put up a mural in front of the store that displayed large "Apple Loves Singapore" artwork in various places. Upon closer inspection, the details of the artwork represented different "Creative Pros" who will now help run Apple Orchard Road's "Today at Apple" programs. After the opening date was announced, Apple removed the barricades from the storefront, unveiling the design of the inside of the store for the first time. Earlier this week, the Cupertino company then allowed members of the press to visit the store and take pictures of its next-generation design, which included a curved staircase inspired by Apple Park and an upstairs "town hall" gathering space for Today at Apple sessions. Apple Orchard Road is the newest step in the company's plan to eschew more traditional retail establishment principals where the only purpose is to visit the store to buy something, and encourage customers to be inspired by the products through Today at Apple. When the company announced the new sessions would begin expanding worldwide in May, Apple senior vice president of retail, Angela Ahrendts, said that Today at Apple was catalyzed by Apple's "desire to educate and inspire the communities we serve." Ultimately, Ahrendts hopes that the next generation refers to Apple as a meeting spot similar to the communal nature of a place like Starbucks. "Starbucks figured it out, you know? Being a gathering place for – right? 'Meet me at Starbucks,'" Ahrendts said. "And you know, I've told the teams, 'I'll know we've done a really, really great job if the next generation, if Gen Z says, "Meet me at Apple. Did you see what's going on at Apple today?"'" Tags: Singapore, Apple retail [ 85 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) Westside guy 1 day ago at 09:21 pm There's quite a difference between meeting someone at Starbucks and spending $4 on a latte versus meeting at the Apple Store and dropping $1700 on a MacBook Pro, Angela. Rating: 27 Votes meaning-matters 1 day ago at 10:51 pm Soft comfortable seats, internet and coffee were my reasons to work and meet at Starbucks. With these wooden low boxes and without coffee, she's missing the point entirely. Rating: 17 Votes lazyrighteye 1 day ago at 08:46 pm Looks nice and clean. Speaking of nice and clean... Whose the dental hygienist in the middle?:p Store looks great! Rating: 10 Votes justiny 1 day ago at 11:48 pm There's quite a difference between meeting someone at Starbucks and spending $4 on a latte versus meeting at the Apple Store and dropping $1700 on a MacBook Pro, Angela. Oh, good. For a fast minute, I was worried I wasn't on MacRumors until I started reading comments on yet another ridiculous reason like an Apple Store opening to criticize Angela. The only other comments missing here are that Apple is doomed and Tim Cook makes Lucifer look like Santa Claus. Rating: 6 Votes Harmonious Zen 1 day ago at 08:47 pm Looks nice and clean. That pretty much describes Singapore itself. Rating: 5 Votes LordVic 16 hours ago at 08:05 am Yes very much so. Several hours later, you 'pass' the $4 coffee (if Starbucks offering could be remotely considered as coffee). The $1700 MacBook is good for many years of work, profit, entertainment. I think the implication here is that Apple wants you to come to their stores daily. hang out. chat with people, be social in their store. They want the Store to be like Starbucks. the comment you are referring to pokes at a potential hole in this goal. People gather at starbucks because it's part of social eating. it's the product of coffee and snacks that helped define Starbucks as the "meeting spot", since a large population equates eating with social. So customers of starbucks can come back everyday for their $4 latte, and be sociable. People do not go back to the Apple Store daily to buy $1600 laptops or $900 phones. These are items people only do a few times every few years. Rating: 4 Votes Bacillus 1 day ago at 11:40 pm Soft comfortable seats, internet and coffee were my reasons to work and meet at Starbucks. With these wooden low boxes and without coffee, she's missing the point entirely. Coffee ? With the nominal profit margins at Apple, I'd expect complete dinner tables, served out with champagne for Apple customers. To that end, significant savings could be made on Angela's interviews (at net cost price of several $100k, enough for a few coffee machines, besides lunch room inventory...) Because at every such occasion her statements, message, appearance and vocab are remarkably similar (and it doesn't change the product catalogue which has been quite stationary over the last 4 years, except for 3rd party accessories maybe) With "Today At Apple" being a merely refurbed formula of existing Apple seminars I am afraid that her "excitement" is somewhat fabricated; it doesn't feel all that fresh and different to me, compared to the AppleStore set-up under Ron Johnson (almost 10 years ago ?) But I may need a coffee now at home, Starbucks (or any other community place that can miss a few dimes...) Rating: 4 Votes M2M 1 day ago at 11:27 pm Soft comfortable seats, internet and coffee were my reasons to work and meet at Starbucks. With these wooden low boxes and without coffee, she's missing the point entirely. Exactly my thinking ! Rating: 4 Votes RowellE 1 day ago at 10:39 pm So it's totally okay if I hang out at my local Apple Store, plop myself in front of a Mac and do my homework for a couple hours? I would love to be able to do that, but would feel super awkward doing so. Rating: 4 Votes Mercsy 1 day ago at 10:04 pm ('//www.macrumors.com/2017/05/26/apple-orchard-road-singapore-opens/') Apple today officially opened up its first retail location in Southeast Asia, Apple Orchard Road ('https://www.apple.com/sg/retail/orchardroad/') in Singapore, to the public at 10:00 a.m. local time. The store marks the newest addition to Apple's next-generation retail rollout, following similar design principles and community-focused values seen at Apple Union Square ('https://www.apple.com/retail/unionsquare/') in New York and Apple Dubai Mall ('https://www.apple.com/ae/retail/dubaimall/'). As the first Apple retail store in Southeast Asia, Apple Orchard Road has received a lot of attention over the past few weeks leading up to its grand opening. Reports began to ramp up in early May when Apple put up a mural ('//www.macrumors.com/2017/05/04/apples-singapore-location-mural/') in front of the store that displayed large "Apple Loves Singapore" artwork in various places. Upon closer inspection, the details of the artwork represented different "Creative Pros" who will now help run Apple Orchard Road's "Today at Apple" programs. After the opening date was announced ('//www.macrumors.com/2017/05/16/singapores-first-apple-store-opens-may-27/'), Apple removed the barricades ('//www.macrumors.com/2017/05/22/interior-apple-orchard-road/') from the storefront, unveiling the design of the inside of the store for the first time. Earlier this week, the Cupertino company then allowed members of the press to visit the store ('//www.macrumors.com/2017/05/25/images-apple-orchard-road-singapore/') and take pictures of its next-generation design, which included a curved staircase inspired by Apple Park and an upstairs "town hall" gathering space for Today at Apple sessions. Apple Orchard Road is the newest step in the company's plan to eschew more traditional retail establishment principals where the only purpose is to visit the store to buy something, and encourage customers to be inspired by the products through Today at Apple. When the company announced the new sessions would begin expanding worldwide in May ('//www.macrumors.com/2017/04/25/today-at-apple-sessions-launching-worldwide-may/'), Apple senior vice president of retail, Angela Ahrendts, said that Today at Apple was catalyzed by Apple's "desire to educate and inspire the communities we serve." Ultimately, Ahrendts hopes that the next generation refers to Apple as a meeting spot similar to the communal nature of a place like Starbucks. "Starbucks figured it out, you know? Being a gathering place for - right? 'Meet me at Starbucks,'" Ahrendts said. "And you know, I've told the teams, 'I'll know we've done a really, really great job if the next generation, if Gen Z says, "Meet me at Apple. Did you see what's going on at Apple today?"'" Article Link: Apple Orchard Road in Singapore Officially Opens to the Public ('//www.macrumors.com/2017/05/26/apple-orchard-road-singapore-opens/') [doublepost=1495861526][/doublepost]We are still waiting for a Apple store in New Zealand Rating: 4 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming MacBook Pro June 2017 Minor update to latest Kaby Lake processors expected at WWDC. MacBook June 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected at WWDC. iPad Pro Mid 2017 New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. WWDC 2017 June 5–9 Siri Smart Speaker June Unveil? iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 MacBook Air June 2017? iMac Late 2017? More Blog Stories Siri Bug Allows Cellular Data to be Disabled From Lock Screen Without a Passcode 1 day ago on iOS Blog A reddit user has discovered what appears to be a Siri-related bug that allows access to a locked iPhone's Cellular Data options without a passcode. As shown in the screenshot below, when... 56 comments Review: Apple's Beddit Sleep Monitor Offers a Comprehensive Look at Sleep Quality 2 days ago on iOS Blog Earlier this month, Apple purchased its first company that develops health-related hardware, Beddit. Beddit makes an iPhone-connected Sleep Monitor that tracks a wide range of sleep-related metrics,... 19 comments TouchArcade iOS Gaming Roundup: Steredenn, Fidget Spinner Apps, Prison Architect, and More 2 days ago on iOS Blog In case you missed the post last week, once again this is Eli Hodapp, and I'm Editor in Chief of MacRumors' iOS gaming sister site TouchArcade. We're putting together these weekly... 5 comments MacRumors Giveaway: Win a Copy of 'Total War: WARHAMMER' From Feral Interactive 2 days ago on Mac Blog For this week's giveaway, we've teamed up with Feral Interactive to give MacRumors readers a chance to win a copy of real-time strategy game Total War: WARHAMMER, which became available for... 4 comments Best Buy Memorial Day Sale Savings on Apple Watch, Mac Notebooks, 9.7-Inch iPad Pro, and More 2 days ago on iOS Blog Best Buy today launched a four-day-long Memorial Day sale that has markdowns on quite a few Apple products, including Apple Watch, iPhone 7, iPhone SE, iPad, MacBook Air, MacBook Pro, and iMac. The... 27 comments Bear 1.2 Brings Sketching, New Icons, and VoiceOver to Note-Taking App 2 days ago on iOS Blog Popular note-taking app Bear received an update on Thursday across Mac and iOS that adds a number of notable features to the Evernote rival. The biggest change to Bear is the ability to sketch... 6 comments Feral Updates 'Sid Meier's Railroads!' for macOS Compatibility 2 days ago on Mac Blog Feral has announced that Sid Meier's Railroads!, the classic "tycoon" strategy game released on PC in 2006, has been updated on Mac to include full compatibility with Apple's latest... 25 comments Magikarp Jump Launches as Latest Pokémon Game for iPhone and iPad 3 days ago on iOS Blog The Pokémon Company has launched a new iPhone and iPad game revolving around one of the weakest Pokémon ever, Magikarp. Magikarp Jump, available now on the App Store [Direct Link], tasks... 17 comments • Microsoft Announces 'Mixer Create' iOS App for On-The-Go Live Streaming of iPhone Games (6) • New Images Provide Detailed Glimpse Into Apple Orchard Road in Singapore (26) • New Qualcomm Court Filing Wants iPhone Suppliers to Pay Royalties Amid Battle With Apple (44) • Readdle Adds Cross-App Drag and Drop Functionality to Documents, PDF Expert, Scanner Pro and Spark on iPad (19) • Apple Maps Transit Directions Now Supported in the Netherlands (9) • New 'Wemo Bridge' Will Bring HomeKit Support to Belkin's Wemo Line This Fall (24) • Apple Design Chief Jony Ive Appointed Chancellor of London's Royal College of Art (36)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade Even More Rants - The TouchArcade Show #308 TouchArcade Needs Your Help - Tell Your Friends and Support Our Patreon TouchArcade Game of the Week: 'Skullgirls' How 'Card Thief' Developers Created Tension in the Game Quirky Free to Play Battler 'King of Fighters '98 Ultimate Match Online' Finally Makes its Way Out West 'League of Angels - Paradise Land' Is a Wonder Woman-Endorsed Turn-Based RPG YouTube Is the 10.5-inch iPad coming at WWDC? Apple’s Self-Driving Car Spotted on 101 in Palo Alto Is Sleep Tracking Coming to Apple Watch? Is a Siri speaker coming at WWDC 2017? The Latest iPhone 8 Leaks: Vertical Camera, Stainless Steel, Touch ID Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 5:58pm Sun 28 May Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Sailing Rugby Golf Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Netball Live Scores Basketball Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews Sideswipe Video Puzzles TV Horoscope Movies Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Queensland Escapes Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Apple is working on a dedicated chip to power AI on devices By Mark Gurman 2:38 PM Saturday May 27, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Apple Apple Inc Business Services Mobile Business Technology An Apple store in Beijing. Photo / Getty Images Apple got an early start in artificial intelligence with the 2011 introduction of Siri, a tool that lets users operate their smartphones with voice commands. Now the electronics giant is bringing artificial intelligence to chips. Apple is working on a processor devoted specifically to AI-related tasks, according to a person familiar with the matter. The chip, known internally as the Apple Neural Engine, would improve the way the company's devices handle tasks that would otherwise require human intelligence -- such as facial recognition and speech recognition, said the person, who requested anonymity discussing a product that hasn't been made public. Apple declined to comment. Engineers at Apple are racing to catch their peers at Amazon.com and Alphabet in the booming field of artificial intelligence. While Siri gave Apple an early advantage in voice-recognition, competitors have since been more aggressive in deploying AI across their product lines, including Amazon's Echo and Google's Home digital assistants. An AI-enabled processor would help Cupertino, California-based Apple integrate more advanced capabilities into devices, particularly cars that drive themselves and gadgets that run augmented reality, the technology that superimposes graphics and other information onto a person's view of the world. "Two of the areas that Apple is betting its future on require AI," said Gene Munster, former Apple analyst and co-founder of venture capital firm Loup Ventures. "At the core of augmented reality and self-driving cars is artificial intelligence." Improved Performance Continued below. Related Content Juha Saarinen: Is there a future for streaming music services? Philippines at a grave risk of "contamination" by Isis Ecostore takes legal action against former employee Apple devices currently handle complex artificial intelligence processes with two different chips: the main processor and the graphics chip. The new chip would let Apple offload those tasks onto a dedicated module designed specifically for demanding artificial intelligence processing, allowing Apple to improve battery performance. Should Apple bring the chip out of testing and development, it would follow other semiconductor makers that have already introduced dedicated AI chips. Qualcomm Inc's latest Snapdragon chip for smartphones has a module for handling artificial intelligence tasks, while Google announced its first chip, called the Tensor Processing Unit (TPU), in 2016. That chip worked in Google's data centers to power search results and image-recognition. At its I/O conference this year, Google announced a new version that will be available to clients of its cloud business. Nvidia also sells a similar chip to cloud customers. The Apple AI chip is designed to make significant improvements to Apple's hardware over time, and the company plans to eventually integrate the chip into many of its devices, including the iPhone and iPad, according to the person with knowledge of the matter. Apple has tested prototypes of future iPhones with the chip, adding that it's unclear if the component will be ready this year. Apple's operating systems and software features would integrate with devices that include the chip. For example, Apple has considered offloading facial recognition in the photos application, some parts of speech recognition, and the iPhone's predictive keyboard to the chip, the person said. Apple also plans to offer developer access to the chip so third-party apps can also offload artificial intelligence-related tasks, the person said. Developer Conference Apple may choose to discuss some of its latest advancements in AI at its annual developer's conference in June. At the same conference, Apple plans to introduce iOS 11, its new operating system for iPhones and iPads, with an updated user-interface, people with knowledge of the matter said last month. The company is also said to discuss updated laptops with faster chips from Intel. An AI chip would join a growing list of processors that Apple has created in-house. The company began designing its own main processors for the iPhone and iPad in 2010 with the A4 chip. It has since released dedicated processors to power the Apple Watch, the motion sensors across its products, the wireless components inside of its AirPods, and the fingerprint scanner in the MacBook Pro. The company has also tested a chip to run the low-power mode on Mac laptops. In 2015, Bloomberg reported that Apple's culture of secrecy stymied the iPhone maker's ability to attract top AI research talent. Since then, Apple has acquired multiple companies with deep ties to artificial intelligence, has begun publishing papers related to AI research, has joined a key research group and has made hires from the field. In October 2016, Apple hired Russ Salakhutdinov from Carnegie Mellon University as its director of AI research. By Mark Gurman Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Whangarei's Blair to captain Kiwis Whangarei's Adam Blair will captain the Kiwis rugby league side. Hawke's Bay Today From the MTG: Encompassing inclusion Which stories are told, from whose perspective and to which audiences? Bay of Plenty Times Crash at busy Tauranga intersection Emergency services are at the scene of a crash at one of Tauranga's busiest intersections… Our Features' Top Stories Driven Classic Cars: World’s fastest Austin How many Austins does it take to make a movie-ready replica? Viva Avocado and basil smoothie recipe Start the day with a delicious smoothie to set you in the right frame of mind True Commercial Airport industrials are high flyers Industrial development near Auckland airport has shown the biggest increase in the region… More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production apcf04 at 28 May 2017 18:50:12 Processing Time: 8ms
Skip Navigation Jump to Main Main navigation and Meta Navigation To Home Meta Main Navigation Watch TV Content Search OpenAll Sections All SectionsClose Section Navigation Title Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary OpenAll Sections Now Reading Opening of Apple's first Singapore store attracts hundreds Toggle share menu Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail Jump to top Search OpenAll Sections Main Navigation Section Navigation Title Home Watch TV Compact Layout All Sections Close Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary Videos Catch-up TV TV Schedule Special Reports Singapore Parliament Weather PSI Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Play Store App Store Search Close Search Search Term Search Term Clear search input Search Opening of Apple's first Singapore store attracts hundreds close breaking news Advertisement Singapore Opening of Apple's first Singapore store attracts hundreds 02:19 Apple fans turned out in force on Saturday (May 27) as the US tech giant’s first brick-and-mortar store in Singapore opened its doors. 2 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery. By Tang See Kit @SeeKitCNA 27 五月 2017 10:40上午 (Updated: 28 五月 2017 12:03上午) Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail SINGAPORE: Apple fans turned out in force on Saturday (May 27) as the US tech giant’s first brick-and-mortar store in Singapore opened its doors. Ahead of the official opening at 10am, an Apple representative said there were more than 200 people queuing around Knightsbridge Mall along Orchard Road, with some in line as early as 5pm on Friday. Another Apple representative later told Channel NewsAsia there were about 2,000 people in the queue by the time the doors opened. First in line: Mr Peter Xiang, from China, flew in specially for the opening of Apple Orchard Road. (Photo: Tang See Kit) First in line was Mr Peter Xiang, who had been in line for more than 10 hours. The 25-year-old Chinese national, who has been to several Apple Stores in China, decided to fly to Singapore on May 23 for the opening. Advertisement Advertisement "I've been on standby here for more than 10 hours. No matter, I'm still excited (but) a little tired now," he told Channel NewsAsia. "Looking forward most to (getting a) Apple T-shirt and maybe I will buy something. Maybe some accessories."  Students Timothy Wang and Afreen Akbany were in the queue for more than 10 hours to be one of the first to enter Apple Orchard Road. (Photo: Tang See Kit)  Also in the line for more than 10 hours were Mr Timothy Wang and Ms Afreen Akbany, both 17-year-olds studying at ACS International. Mr Wang said the tech giant's retail outlets stand out for their great customer service and well-planned in-store designs. "I've been to several Apple stores in the US and in Hong Kong, but this is certainly prettier because this is in Singapore ... They have really good customer service too so I'm excited about finally having an Apple Store here." For 20-year-old Tim Shao from China, live trees taking up prominent spots within were what made the new store in Singapore unique. "The designs of all the Apple stores are uniformed so in terms of the layout, this is nothing special," he told Channel NewsAsia. "What's unique is the trees here and this is the Apple Store version 2 design that only started last year. This is not available in the US." Apple's senior vice president of retail Angela Ahrendts was seen at the opening of Apple Orchard Road on Saturday. (Photo: Tang See Kit) The two-storey Apple Orchard Road is also the first official Apple store in Southeast Asia. “Generally, Apple stores in Hong Kong, Tokyo and many other cities have turned out to be a destination retail space. Tourists as well as locals are often drawn to the stores to experience the offerings as well as to enjoy the new concepts,” said Mr Desmond Sim, head of CBRE Research for Singapore and Southeast Asia. “Hence, it is not surprising that this will also be the same for the first Singapore store.” Apple has nearly 500 stores in 20 countries worldwide and as of April, welcomes more than a million visitors a day. It expects the newly unveiled Singapore store, which it sees as a “modern-day town square”, to be one of its most popular around the world. Apart from having its core products like the iPhone on display prominently on the first level, the store will also be conducting free hands-on educational sessions on topics such as photography and coding. These sessions will be conducted in a space called the Forum on the second level, which is equipped with a large screen and break-out tables. Industry experts said the incorporation of activity-based and experiential-based concept stores is synonymous with brands such as Apple. It also serves as a strategy for brick-and-mortar retailers in their battle against e-commerce. “The business of retail is not only about pure transactions but it has a high experiential component that consumers yearn for and is drawn to. This is especially so for new technology for lifestyle,” said CBRE’s Mr Sim. “Not to mention that the business of retail is also a very visual business. Design of stores will attract crowds.” The crowd seen at the opening of Apple Orchard Road. (Photo: Tang See Kit) One unique design at the Singapore Apple Store that caught much attention was the two curved stone staircases, which drew inspiration from Apple’s new campus in Cupertino. Industry experts expect the Apple Orchard Road, which opened after many reported delays, to be a boost for Singapore’s prime shopping belt and neighbouring stores. Ms Christine Li, research director at Cushman & Wakefield, said: “Before Apple Store came to town, people could have been a bit bored of Orchard Road because there is little differentiation between Orchard Road and, say, a suburban shopping centre as people see more or less the same brands and retail offering. “I personally believe that Orchard Road is not dead, but it needs to be exciting and entertaining in order for locals and tourists to visit it repeatedly,” she added.  Source: CNA/sk Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail More stories for you More information about Channel News Asia jump to top of page Sections Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary About Us About Channel NewsAsia Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Advertise with us Contact Sales Online Advertising TV Advertising Get the news that matters in your inbox every morning! Next try Plese enter your Email-address I consent to the use of my personal data by Mediacorp and the Mediacorp group of companies (collectively "Mediacorp") to send me marketing and advertising materials in relation to goods and services of Mediacorp and its business partners and for research and analysis SUBSCRIBE Follow our news Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Experience news with our apps Play Store App Store Copyright© Mediacorp 2017. Mediacorp Pte Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Apple Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News salesforce.com, inc. (CRM) Chairman Marc Benioff Sells 30,000 Shares of Stock Intu Properties PLC (INTU) Insider David Fischel Sells 23,957 Shares New Flyer Industries Inc (NFI) Insider Paul Soubry Sells 53,100 Shares Apple Inc. (AAPL) Insider Craig Federighi Sells 64,500 Shares Access National Co. (ANCX) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Validus Holdings, Ltd. (VR) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Imperva Inc (IMPV) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Analysts Seneca Foods Corp (SENEA) Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.28 Hawaiian Holdings (HA) Getting Positive News Coverage, Report Shows Favorable Media Coverage Likely to Affect The Providence Service (PRSC) Share Price Favorable Press Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect Mplx Lp (MPLX) Stock Price LMR Partners LLP Takes Position in IAMGOLD Corp (IAG) Prudence Asset Management Ltd Sells 1,109,542 Shares of 21Vianet Group Inc (VNET) Chicago Partners Investment Group LLC Increases Position in U.S. Silica Holdings Inc (SLCA) HSBC Holdings plc (HSBC) Shares Bought by LMR Partners LLP Main Street Capital Co. (MAIN) Position Increased by Chicago Partners Investment Group LLC Archrock Partners LP (APLP) Stake Increased by Chicago Partners Investment Group LLC Chicago Partners Investment Group LLC Invests $680,000 in Kimball Electronics Inc (KE) Solar Capital Ltd. (SLRC) Position Boosted by Chicago Partners Investment Group LLC Infosys Ltd (INFY) Stake Raised by River & Mercantile Asset Management LLP Apple Inc. (AAPL) Insider Craig Federighi Sells 64,500 Shares May 26th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) insider Craig Federighi sold 64,500 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, May 24th. The stock was sold at an average price of $153.62, for a total value of $9,908,490.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 447,151 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $68,691,336.62. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. Shares of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) traded down 0.17% during trading on Friday, hitting $153.61. 21,927,637 shares of the company were exchanged. Apple Inc. has a 12 month low of $91.50 and a 12 month high of $156.65. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $147.91 and its 200 day moving average price is $130.91. The stock has a market cap of $800.90 billion, a P/E ratio of 18.02 and a beta of 1.26. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) last released its earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The iPhone maker reported $2.10 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $2.02 by $0.08. The company had revenue of $52.90 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $52.61 billion. Apple had a net margin of 20.73% and a return on equity of 34.94%. On average, equities analysts predict that Apple Inc. will post $8.93 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Thursday, May 18th. Stockholders of record on Monday, May 15th were given a $0.63 dividend. The ex-dividend date was Thursday, May 11th. This represents a $2.52 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.64%. This is an increase from Apple’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.57. Apple’s payout ratio is presently 27.31%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Apple Inc. (AAPL) Insider Craig Federighi Sells 64,500 Shares” was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this report can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/26/apple-inc-aapl-insider-craig-federighi-sells-64500-shares.html. A number of analysts recently commented on the company. Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. reiterated an “outperform” rating on shares of Apple in a research report on Thursday. Cowen and Company reiterated an “outperform” rating and set a $160.00 price objective on shares of Apple in a research report on Thursday. Wells Fargo & Co reiterated a “neutral” rating on shares of Apple in a research report on Thursday. Longbow Research reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $162.00 price objective on shares of Apple in a research report on Wednesday. Finally, Keefe, Bruyette & Woods set a $170.00 price objective on Apple and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday. Eight investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, forty-three have given a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $157.06. Several large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Vanguard Group Inc. increased its stake in Apple by 1.8% in the first quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 343,783,273 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock valued at $49,387,905,000 after buying an additional 6,237,609 shares during the last quarter. State Street Corp increased its stake in Apple by 2.0% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 219,739,579 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock valued at $25,450,260,000 after buying an additional 4,301,005 shares during the last quarter. FMR LLC increased its stake in Apple by 3.7% in the first quarter. FMR LLC now owns 163,812,996 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock valued at $23,533,376,000 after buying an additional 5,830,423 shares during the last quarter. Geode Capital Management LLC increased its stake in Apple by 6.9% in the first quarter. Geode Capital Management LLC now owns 54,540,368 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock valued at $7,824,791,000 after buying an additional 3,531,050 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Norges Bank bought a new stake in Apple during the fourth quarter valued at $5,625,709,000. 58.76% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. About Apple Apple Inc (Apple) designs, manufactures and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, and portable digital music players, and a variety of related software, services, peripherals, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. The Company’s products and services include iPhone, iPad, Mac, iPod, Apple TV, a portfolio of consumer and professional software applications, the iOS and OS X operating systems, iCloud, and a variety of accessory, service and support offerings. Receive News & Ratings for Apple Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
null
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Monitors Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums CNET Magazine Latest Stories Subscribe Video Apple Byte CNET Top 5 How To Googlicious Smart Home Tech Today News Next Big Thing Special Features CNET Podcasts Laptops Phones Tablets TVs How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Best Cars News Reviews Recalls Pictures AutoComplete Carfection Cooley On Cars Concept Cars Electric Cars How to buy the best Coupe Crossover Electric Vehicle Family Car Hybrid Minivan Sedan Truck Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Search Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET Signed in as My Profile My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español The iPhone 8 could unlock when you press the screen There have been conflicting rumors about what will happen to the iPhone 8's fingerprint sensor, but a recent report says it's going in the display. Concepto de Martin Hajek / Computer Bild Phones by Gordon Gottsegen May 26, 2017 11:34 AM PDT @ggottsegen We've suspected for a while that Apple will give the home button the boot on the iPhone 8, but that would mean Apple's fingerprint sensor would have to find a new home. The potential workaround? Put the optical fingerprint scanner into the phone's display. That's what DigiTimes reports, citing China's Economic Daily News. (The source: Apple supplier Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company, or TSMC, according to the report.) Enlarge Image iPhone 8 renders imagine what the phone would look like sans home button. Apple's 10th anniversary iPhone is expected to shake up the phone world with changes to its hardware and software. If the iPhone 8 (or whatever it'll be called) is the first to innovate this way, it's a sure bet every other phone maker will follow. The iPhone 8's fingerprint sensor, which also controls TouchID pressure sensitivity, has been hotly contested in conflicting rumors. Some alleged factory renders show that Apple could move the sensor to the back of the phone, similar to what the Galaxy S8 did when it shrank its front bezels. Others believe that the sensor will be integrated into the display. However, reports surfaced that Apple may have trouble making this happen because the technology might not be there yet. In addition, the report claims that the iPhone 8 will get a screen ratio of 18.5:9, similar to other rumors. If true, this would give the next iPhone an almost 2:1 ratio, which means its dimensions could look a lot like the LG G6 or Galaxy S8. Apple did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Apple Phones CNET First Take Apple iPhone 8 Rumor has it that Apple may debut a radical redesign for its 10th anniversary edition, expected in September 2017. Here's what we know so far. See it Apple All the latest Apple news, featuring developments on the iPhone, iPad, Macbooks, OS X and much more. May 26 The iPhone 8 could unlock when you press the screen May 25 The first iPhone 8 dummy hands-on is FIRE! May 25 Apple reveals belief in reincarnation May 25 Trump's iPhone reportedly has just one app: Twitter All Apple Stories More stories Before you install the Amazon Video app on Android, read this This trick makes moving iPhone apps easier than ever Use external storage to expand unexpandable Android phones Best Phones of 2017 Close   Discuss: The iPhone 8 could unlock when you press... Conversation powered by Livefyre Next Article: How hackers can ruin your summer vacation Best coupon and rebate apps to save money If you're looking to save money on grocery shopping, try one of these cash-back and coupon apps. by Lexy Savvides 1:09 Microsoft refreshes Surface Pro, launches subscription gaming service In this week's wrap-up, Microsoft introduces a thinner, lighter Surface Pro. Meanwhile, the Xbox gets a new Netflix-style game service called Xbox Game Pass. by Iyaz Akhtar 1:16 Close Drag Autoplay: ON Autoplay: OFF CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Login All Reviews Editorials News Leaked Memo Pegs iPhone 8 Launch After September 17 Adam Curry's Podcaster Pro Aims to be All-in-One Podcasting Solution New Report Backs Up Touch ID Embedded in iPhone 8 Display Tips The 5 Best PC Motherboards for Creating a Hackintosh Comprehensive Guide to Magic Mouse Mac Gestures Podcasts Apple Watch Tops Heart Rate Monitor Study, Adam Curry's Podcaster Pro - TMO Daily Observations 2017-05-26 The Big Ringless Voicemail Rant - TMO Daily Observations 2017-05-25 View All Results → macOS: Speedifier Lets You Control Video Speed In Safari Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! View All Reviews → Apple Could Own Device-Centric AI with Custom Chip The Touchbar MacBook Pro is a Disposable Embarrassment Dr. Mac's Gifts for Dads and Grads 2017 Apple Elevates Inclusion and Diversity to Rank of Vice President A Stellar Concept Video for iOS 11 and the Rebirth of the Mac View All Editorials → The Touchbar MacBook Pro is a Disposable Embarrassment John Kheit 2 minute read May 26th, 2017 4:19 PM EDT | Devil's Advocate It’s a joke that the new MacBook Pro with a Touchbar is called a “Pro” machine. Perhaps Apple should call it the MacBook Exec or Edition. I won’t bother rehashing the many quibbles that others have already covered. Yet, once again, the punditry has failed to notice the biggest and most obvious flaw and are ranting about the wrong things. Let me rant about the right things for you. You’re welcome. The Touchbar MacBook Pro is a failure because you cannot upgrade its storage capacity. Ever. Why? Because the SSD is a soldered-in and non-upgradable boat anchor. A woman using Touch Bar on MacBook Pro While some may quibble with the 16GB RAM limit, at least there were technical limitations to that. Namely it was limited by the particular Intel chipset. Furthermore, nothing stops you from maxing out the RAM when you order the machine. Generally speaking, Apple lets you buy a Pro laptop with the maximum addressable RAM for its given chipset. However, that argument does not hold water with storage. The Touchbar MacBook Pro is limited to a paltry 2TB SSD. I have an old 2011 17” MacBook Pro with a 2TB SSD, and I can easily put in a 4TB SSD today, and 15TB in the not so distant future. Storage Size Matters for Pros The reality is, professional users need and use lots of storage, and those storage needs change with time. A pro machine needs to be adaptable. By limiting and freezing the machine to 2TB, Apple ensures that professionals who need more storage space need to look elsewhere. Further, it totally makes the machine a ‘disposable’ device for those that buy it today. Once they run out of space, for example, a year later, the only option is to get rid of the machine, and hope there is a new machine with more storage available. That’s nuts! There is no excuse for Apple making storage non-upgradable (other than greed or gross incompetence). They put an upgradeable SSD slot in the non-Touchbar, entry-level MacBook Pro. So whatever marginal idiot reason they trot out for not including it on Touchbar models is total BS. Talk to the hand; I don’t give a $#*%. The machine’s battery or thinness would not have been compromised in any serious way with the inclusion of the slot, again, as evinced by the entry level model. This storage lock-in has no business on any machine with a “Pro” moniker. It just further shows how heinously out of touch Apple has become with its core professional and creative user base. Let’s pray that Apple has woken up, and the next revision of its MacBook Pro will avoid this critical mistake. Otherwise, Apple will continue to bleed its pro users to companies that are not tone deaf to their needs. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Print Tumblr Tags: Apple, MacBook Pro, storage You might also like… The Touchbar MacBook Pro is a Disposable Embarrassment The 5 Best PC Motherboards for Creating a Hackintosh - Page 2 of 2 Comprehensive Guide to Mac Trackpad Gestures and Force Touch - Page 2 of 5 Apple Plans to Change Scrolling in Safari Adam Curry's Podcaster Pro Aims to be All-in-One Podcasting Solution 27 Comments Add a comment geoduck May 26, 2017 Yes! Thank You! We need to stand up and scream that the emperor has no clothes. Eventually Apple will get it. May 26, 2017 at 4:50 EDT PM vr8ce May 26, 2017 I completely agree with the premise — memory and storage should be upgradeable on any pro machine, because they both drop in price dramatically over a relatively short period of time. However, there are several problems with the article: 1. This is old news. Really, really old news. 2. No, you couldn’t put a 4TB SSD in a MBP right now. MBP’s don’t use SSD “drives,” and haven’t for quite some time. The 9-to-5 article you linked to even shows you a nice picture of the SSD chips. Which means there may, in fact, have been (and still be) “technical limitations” to the 2TB limit. I doubt it, but it’s possible. Regardless, what kind of SSD drives exist is immaterial for the MBP’s, because they don’t use them. 3. The idea that we would a) run out of room in a year, and b) throw out the machine when we did, is facile. I’m using a late 2013 MBP with only a half-terabyte SSD, and although I don’t have as much free space as I would like, it’s fine. And even if it wasn’t fine, I’d use my 1 TB SSD external drive for whatever I needed to do. (And if I didn’t have one, I’d buy one instead of throwing out a 2K+ machine.) If you want to make a stink about non-upgradable storage, do it when it’s actually news, and don’t make up nonsense in a sad attempt to bolster your case. The case doesn’t need any bolstering, it stands on its own. May 26, 2017 at 4:54 EDT PM John Kheit May 26, 2017 @vr8ce So what that the MBP doesn’t use a 2.5″ ‘drive’ the same SSD chips in those drives can and are easily adapted to the stick format used by apple. OWC provides a 3rd party SSD adapted to use with such a slot in the trashcan mac pro, see here: https://eshop.macsales.com/item/OWC/SSDA13MP4.0K/ Or OWC’s upgrade options for even your 2013 MBP via stick: https://eshop.macsales.com/shop/ssd/owc/macbook-pro-retina-display/2013-2014-2015 Agreed, it is old news. However, as much bitching as I heard about the 16GB limit, which is a bunch of noise IMO, I really haven’t heard complaints about how this renders the machine disposable. Your comments actually support my pointing attention to this. Now I’m glad for you working on a machine stiffed at it’s storage limit is something you can live with, but for many professionals, this isn’t a ‘fine’ situation at all. And frankly is an unacceptable set of circumstances. And for those that need the expanded storage now or in the future, this is a problem, because for their needs, it will require a machine swap rather than just getting because for many, dangling a brick SSD off their ULTRA LIGHT TINY LIGHT LAPTOP is a bit of an anathema. As always, YMMV May 26, 2017 at 5:41 EDT PM Lee Dronick May 26, 2017 Perhpas what Apple needs a is portable MacBook Pro which is pretty much the current form factor and then a luggable MacBook Pro+ that is thick enough for user replacable hard drives and has more ports than the Hanseatic League May 26, 2017 at 5:58 EDT PM John Kheit May 26, 2017 Maybe Lee. But the lower end non-touchbar MacBook Pro has a slot for upgrading the SSD, so it really wouldn’t be difficult or cause any extra thickness to put it into the Touchbar model. And I think you may be right and why I think maybe call the Touchbar MacBook the MacBook Executive, or MacBook Edition, and come out with a MacBook Pro that has a bit more expansion and interoperability in mind. Still, it’s wacky that the would put the upgrade slot in the entry level MacBook Pro, but not in the Touchbar model. Weird. May 26, 2017 at 6:16 EDT PM Lee Dronick May 26, 2017 John, would the circuitry for the touchbar take up too much space? I wouldn’t think so, not these days, but I suppose that it is possible. With faster WiFi and cellular data then the storage for big files could be in the cloud or on a server via FTP. May 26, 2017 at 6:26 EDT PM John Kheit May 26, 2017 Lee. I suspect the touch at does have a bit of circuitry, but I don’t buy that the delta in size is that vast because the entry level MacBook Pro fits in the slot just fine. Any marginal difference in thickness could easily have been accommodated on the chassis being a touch thicker. Probably less than a millimeter difference. Don’t get me started on the cloud , but for creative pros with big heavy files, they need super fast SSD speed (e.g. For videos etc), so the cloud won’t cut it for real pros. For executives and “edition” fashion conscious, that might be more predictable an option. As always, ymmv May 26, 2017 at 6:58 EDT PM belmikey May 26, 2017 I am a professional — a software engineer, in fact. Maybe it’s a failure of imagination, but I cannot actually envision ever needing more than ONE TB of actual, on-board storage, on a portable device. The reason for this is really very simple: no matter how well built it is (and sadly build-quality is not what it used to be, but that’s a different rant, because as I say here, it wouldn’t matter), a portable device is, by its very nature, much more liable than a stationary one to take damage. As such, I am not going to keep anything on its internal drive that I don’t actually need RIGHT NOW for my work. And then, I’m going to back it up at least two different ways to the cloud, and then also to some external drive. And anything I don’t actually need for my work is going to live in cloud storage or on an external drive. Because no matter how well built it is, ALL portable devices ought to be treated as disposable. Let me say that again: all portable devices are disposable. Your phone, your laptop, your tablet? Disposable. It’s your data that’s not disposable. And if you’re keeping it all on one large drive on a portable device? You’re pretty much asking for it to eventually suffer an unrecoverable catastrophe. May 26, 2017 at 7:24 EDT PM John Kheit May 26, 2017 Ok belmikey, but you can imagine a creative professional, say video user needing more, right? Or are you subscribing to the old bill gates schoo,, of why would anyone ever need more than 640k of memory? And you’re changing the goal post playing semantics, by that token, your home is disposable. The point is many professionals need or will need more storage a year or two after buying the laptop, and won’t be able to upgrade a “professional” machine. That’s a problem. Not for you? Ok, the person that uses pages.app on their iPad thinks that’s plenty machine for their “professional writing/editing” and therefor, programmers like you should get with their program and be fine with iPad power. The professional tarp is broader than just programmers or any one sector, and as such, those machines need to be more, not less adaptable. Storage adaptability goes hand and hand with that. Apple ignored this in their disaster its trashcan Mac and had to do an embarrassing mea culpa because so many pros are abandoning the platform. Being tone deaf to their needs just because it works for some, is exactly how they got lead into the dead end thermal corner with the Mac Pro. I posit, they should avoid repeating the G4 cube/trashcan Mac Pro debacle with their pro laptops, and limiting primary mass storage options is doing just that. As always, ymmv May 26, 2017 at 7:45 EDT PM Lee Dronick May 26, 2017 There is talk of an update and perhaps they will greatly increase the RAM and storage. I was all set to buy one, my reward for meeting a weight loss goal. Instead I decided to put the money into some home improvements and limp along with my 2011 MacBook Pro. That was the basis for my luggable statement, my MBP is a beast compared to the newer models and I almost never use the built in optical drive. A thin and trim MBP to go with my thin and trim body. May 26, 2017 at 8:02 EDT PM BradMacPro May 26, 2017 I’m sure Apple would would tell you a Thunderbolt 3 connected external SSD or array of SSDs would be fast enough to handle data storage needs exceeding the internal capacity. May 26, 2017 at 8:58 EDT PM John Kheit May 26, 2017 @BradMacPro. Hehe. That argument worked out great for the trashcan Mac Pro: https://www.macobserver.com/tmo/article/the-new-mac-pro-is-a-failure May 26, 2017 at 9:22 EDT PM furbies May 26, 2017 I’m with you Mr Kheit And the other thing about the “fixed” SSD ? Repairability: If either the SSD or the Logic Board fails ? Dead SSD ? Just hope you have a backup ! Dead Logic Board ? Just hope you have a backup ! In either case ? Be prepared to buy a new laptop…… 🙁 May 26, 2017 at 10:19 EDT PM vr8ce May 27, 2017 You said you could drop a 4TB SSD drive in MBP right now, and you linked to an SSD drive. You can’t put that drive in a MBP. When called out on your inaccurate reporting, you link to OWC, whose chips on that page max out at 1 TB, or in other words half the capacity of the Touch, not double it. So, again, bad reporting. If you’re going to claim Apple could have put 4 TB of space in the MBP last year when they introduced it, then by all means provide a link to an actual shipping product that can actually be used in the MBP. Otherwise, you’re just a noise-maker. And you know even less than you appear to if you think hanging a “brick” off a MBP is necessary to get extra storage. Several companies make barely over thumb-sized SSD drives these days, including Samsung (one of which I have) and Sandisk (which I do not). The memory limit on the Touch is every bit as bad as the storage requirement, for all the same reasons. I have 16GB on a four-year old MBP; it’s unconscionable to still have that limit four years later. It may not be a big deal to you, but it is to others. Just as storage appears to be to you and isn’t to others. I agreed with the premise from the first — the non upgradability of memory and storage in the Touch is absolutely a failing of the product line, and of Apple to not recognize it as such. But outside that, the article is a bunch of noise and non-facts and a full year too late. May 27, 2017 at 2:45 EDT AM John Kheit May 27, 2017 You said you could drop a 4TB SSD drive in MBP right now, and you linked to an SSD drive. You can’t put that drive in a MBP. When called out on your inaccurate reporting, you link to OWC, whose chips on that page max out at 1 TB, or in other words half the capacity of the Touch, not double it. So, again, bad reporting. Um, I said you can put in a 4tb in the 2011 MBP and linked to the drive. And that’s in the article. And my rejoinder to you said that so what that the 2.5″ format isn’t usable because you can adapt an SSD stick to have that 4TB and showed you that OWC has done so with the Mac Pro, a machine that Apple never provided upgraded storage space. So bad reading. If you’re going to claim Apple could have put 4 TB of space in the MBP last year when they introduced it, then by all means provide a link to an actual shipping product that can actually be used in the MBP. Otherwise, you’re just a noise-maker. Way to move the goal posts. I didn’t make such claim. I pointed out that 4TB drives are currently available for the 2011 MBP and the point here is you can never upgrade the Touchbar MBP, so again, nice sophistry, not. And you know even less than you appear to if you think hanging a “brick” off a MBP is necessary to get extra storage. Several companies make barely over thumb-sized SSD drives these days, including Samsung (one of which I have) and Sandisk (which I do not)., Lol, yea, a small brick/wart. If you think that’s winning an argument, I’m happy you’re pleasing yourself in your own mind. But it’s errata. The memory limit on the Touch is every bit as bad as the storage requirement, for all the same reasons. I have 16GB on a four-year old MBP; it’s unconscionable to still have that limit four years later. It may not be a big deal to you, but it is to others. Just as storage appears to be to you and isn’t to others. Well at least this limit seems to be one dictated by Intel’s chipset’s inability to address more than that. And as long as Apple allows you to max addressable memory from the get-go, it’s better than nothing. Meaning, even if Apple put in a slot, and the chipset simply couldn’t address more than 16GB, it’s somewhat moot. That said, I too would prefer upgradeable RAM. I agreed with the premise from the first — the non upgradability of memory and storage in the Touch is absolutely a failing of the product line, and of Apple to not recognize it as such. But outside that, the article is a bunch of noise and non-facts and a full year too late.. I feel your comments earn even fewer stars. So enjoy that noise. 😀 May 27, 2017 at 4:05 EDT AM rg May 27, 2017 Trying to make a case that all “professional” users need replaceable disks is absurd. There is a small sub-set of users who will run out of space but they are a tiny fraction of all “professional” users. This is ridiculous (and quite offensive) self-importance by a tiny minority. Most “professional” users, who rely on their laptop to earn their living, are not going to run out of space. More likely that many “amateur” users who want to download and/or rip movies for fun will run out of space. I have been a “professional” user for well over 20 years and will never run out of space before I need to replace a laptop for other reasons, even though I totally depend on my MBP for my work. Every day. But wait there’s more. The argument is basically “we used to be able to do this so we are going to fight for it at any cost” I am old enough to remember the launch of the first PCs in the 1970s, and the incredible robust metal chassis and keyboard designed for 20 years use. And the matching unaffordable price. They were for “professional” users only and totally out of budget for anyone else. No-one would seriously expect a laptop or a phone to use a chassis and wiring that is totally replaceable and designed for a 20 year life any more. But we did, 40 years ago. I’m old enough to remember the kicking and screaming when for the first time each individual integrated circuit was direct soldered to the motherboard instead of in its own socket. Every time a company pushes the envelope we are told why it is a bad idea. Upgradeability and even repairability are not unlimited benefits – they have significant costs too. Far more cost than the price of the little socket. Unity design, without individual item focus, is a whole new design envelope that most people don’t understand because they only look backwards – the argument is a 1980’s argument. There is no problem about upgrading – never has been – but the way to do it is different and you have to learn to think in new ways. For some people new thinking simply isn’t going to be possible. The new way to upgrade is to change the hardware, and then transfer across all the software. All the hardware. If you are a “professional” user then when you run out of disk space you will also be wanting to replace the keyboard, perhaps upgrade ports, video capability etc. First thing to fail for me is usually the keyboard. If your old machine is still in good shape you sell it on Gazelle or a similar service. And finally – if you are indeed a “professional” earning your living with your tools then (a) you will value your tools and (b) the cost of a new laptop is simply not relevant. Equivalent to just a few minutes saved per day – a $2000 tool used daily for two years is costing you about $5 per working day – even before the tax breaks. If you can’t do even the basic cost-benefit calculation then do you really have the skills and attitude of a “professional” ? I don’t expect my devices to be upgradeable or repairable beyond common issues like a cracked screen on the phone. It simply is not a universally good use of resources – including design cost, manufacturing cost, total environmental impact, etc. Welcome to the future. Sell your old hardware and move on. The computer is the software and data, the hardware that surrounds them is replaceable. Russell May 27, 2017 at 4:17 EDT AM Jamie May 27, 2017 With all due respect, Russell, we are hardly a ‘small minority’ of pro users. The specs and limitations on this particular machine are just not appropriate for users whose needs will likely vacillate multiple times within the space of a *single* year, no one is going to shell out for multiple machines multiple times within that short of a time frame. We aren’t talking about programmers or people making spreadsheets, here. Though if you feel your needs are met, more power to you, your view really just comes off as sounding insular. It’s understandable that something as micro-engineered as a phone or small wearable would require specialized servicing. That logic doesn’t hold for something like this. To a professional a work machine is more than a pretty ‘appliance’. The Macbook Pro doesn’t make any more sense than the Trash Can Pro did in these terms. Apple can and should do better. May 27, 2017 at 12:15 EDT PM skywatcher May 27, 2017 Vr8ce is right! Much of the critique is old news and the market has gone way past it! Yet, it would be good to have upgradable drives, RAM, and replaceable batteries– and keyboards. One spill and you’re in deep trouble. In any case,, one thing we found offensive was the caption “A woman using Touch Bar on MacBook Pro” Weird! Just plain irrelevant. Just curious. Have you all ever run a caption for a photo: “A man using Touch Bar on MacBook Pro” or “A man using an iPad” or anything else?! LOL! 😎 May 27, 2017 at 2:04 EDT PM John Kheit May 27, 2017 @RG, sure, i made the case for “all” professionals. I might find your comments reasonable if they just weren’t so provably lame. Apple tried to limit Pro users with the Cube and the trashcan mac, both met with disaster. Particularly the trashcan mac, which was plagued with needing a rats nest of external storage (and heck, that wasn’t even a portable machine), and so lame that Apple had to have a press conference basically to acknowledge what a disaster that design is. So since you’re sure that closed approach will definitely work for sure this time, you know, trying the same thing over and over and expecting results different than pros abandoning the mac, we can leave it at we disagree. @skywatcher, Thanks for demonstrating with rare clarity, just how much you missed the point. As always, YMMV. Cheers! 😀 May 27, 2017 at 5:01 EDT PM Rick Allen May 27, 2017 Semantics aside. There is no excuse for the hubris of Apple offering disposable machines to Pro users. I still have a 2010 Mac Pro (My second one as I made mistake of selling first one). This is the best machine Apple ever made. I have upgraded it many times and am going to keep upgrading it. I have PCI/E SSD boot drive, Modern AC networking, USB 3 card and a modern NVidia GPU. The real failing of the “Pro” line of Mac computers is the anathema of Apple to use standard or even custom parts that can be swapped out and upgraded. I want a workhorse machine that has enough upgradability and longevity to make it last for years. I don’t want the new anorexic MacBook Pro with keyboard that has many failures. They tried to get too cute and artsy with that machine and it does not have battery life, a keyboard prone to failure and no upgrade path. I have a 2012 I7 maxed out MacBook pro and I won’t buy another one if this is what Apple is going to put out. May 27, 2017 at 5:48 EDT PM mick May 27, 2017 I can’t believe all of those dinosaurs on here, including the author, complaining about a lack of storage on their portable devices. Seriously? What kind of professional user works permanently disconnected? All of those creative content pros that sit in the park working on 15Tb project files – those ones? What a load of rubbish. Just because you joined the industry long before cloud storage, wireless networks, or even wired networks were around, doesn’t mean that vendors should support your old habits. Keeping all your files on a portable device is the most ridiculous concept in 2017 – not to mention a security and productivity risk to your organisation. Lose the laptop and lose all your work. My colleagues and I all use the current 15″ MBP with 1Tb SSD. None of us come anywhere near using all of that and many of them are working on large media files. I’m sure there are professionals working on much larger projects, but why they would require storing all their work on a single device which can be stolen or damaged is a mystery. Secure your work on the server. Invest in decent broadband. I can’t believe the number of articles I read on on Mac sites that complain about the direction Apple is going in. Go buy a PC or keep your outdated gripes to yourself. May 27, 2017 at 8:00 EDT PM John Kheit May 27, 2017 I’m sure you and your “colleagues” are busy making very very high quality and sassy gifs, but those creative that work with more than that, might need a bit more storage for say their video needs. You know mick, if Apple had read this article: https://www.macobserver.com/tmo/article/the-new-mac-pro-is-a-failure They might have avoided the embarrassment of this: https://www.macrumors.com/2017/04/06/mac-pro-interview-full-transcript/ Enjoy your 1TB drive, who could ever want more than that, or 640K 🙄 Bill Gates approves. May 27, 2017 at 8:16 EDT PM Lee Dronick May 27, 2017 Professionals come in a number of models and configurations. It would help if when referring to yourself if you would say writer, illustrator, video editor, journalist, photographer, or whatever. May 27, 2017 at 8:40 EDT PM Jayme Capurso May 27, 2017 “Go buy a PC or keep your outdated gripes to yourself.” And that is exactly what many long term mac users have done or are considering doing and many of them are speaking out in the hope Apple will hear them somehow from with their arrogance vacuum! You and Apple can spin it however you like, modular offers more options than a closed design, more options will suit the needs of more people which means more sales. Apple has forgotten their own mantra ‘form follows function’ and now its ‘form over function’. Or rather ‘Profits over function’ which given Tim (bean counter) Cook is trying to fill visionary shoes is not in the least surprising! I predict a new player will enter the market to serve the users Apple once did and that will make Apple and this conversation irrelevant! May 27, 2017 at 9:08 EDT PM Lee Dronick May 27, 2017 It isn’t like Apple is struggling financially with the products that they are offering. if the “professionals” left how much would hurt Apple’s bottom line. May 27, 2017 at 9:38 EDT PM John Kheit May 28, 2017 Lee. True, financially they are doing great. And if the Pros left, I think it would affect probably less than 1% of their revenue, if that…at least initially. However, I think it’s good to remember that John Scully had record revenues in the years after firing Steve Jobs. Scully was coasting off Steve Job’s work before the bottom fell out and the company almost went under. Just because the financials today are good, doesn’t mean they will be good in another 5-10 years. And I guarantee you, if a sizable number of creative/pro’s leave, they will have an outsized impact on others, over time. Pros affect way more sales and influence in far greater numbers than direct sales to that segment would suggest, IMO. May 28, 2017 at 2:06 EDT AM Michael Siever May 28, 2017 Aside from their apparel, Steve Jobs and Tim Cook couldn’t be less polar opposites of each other. From what I’ve heard about Steve Jobs, he was a major jerk towards his employees, but man, was he a visionary! Tim Cook I have heard is super nice to his employees, but boy howdy, does he stink as a businessman! The only reason that could possibly explain why he hasn’t been ousted yet by the shareholders is because he *is* the majority shareholder. Between the removal of the SD card port on the latest MBP iterations, the non-removable SSDs on the higher tier MBP models, the decision to go with all USB-C ports on the MBP just after the most recent iPhone refresh was released with lightning port and not USB-C, the removal of the 3.5 mm headphone jack on the latest iPhone, and the lack of touchscreen capabilities on any of their MacOS-based computers, if Tim Cook’s Apple is trying to be pioneers like Steve Jobs’ Apple, they’ve clearly strayed far away from the trail as of right now. May 28, 2017 at 2:57 EDT AM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Apple Could Own Device-Centric AI with Custom Chip Bryan Chaffin | May 26, 2017 Here’s What Kik Users Need to Know About Kin Cryptocurrency Andrew Orr | May 26, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Have a tech question? Visit our Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group and have the tech support brilliance of the entire Mac Geek Gab community at your fingertips! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $153.61 -0.26 (-0.17%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Leaked Memo Pegs iPhone 8 Launch After September 17 Adam Curry's Podcaster Pro Aims to be All-in-One Podcasting Solution New Report Backs Up Touch ID Embedded in iPhone 8 Display Apple Bringing Editorial Direction to Apple News, Hires Experienced New York Magazine Exec Jony Ive Appointed Chancellor at Royal College of Art Recent Tips See All » The 5 Best PC Motherboards for Creating a Hackintosh Comprehensive Guide to Magic Mouse Mac Gestures Tell the FCC Exactly How You Feel about Ringless Voicemail macOS: Linking Contact Cards Together Comprehensive Guide to Mac Trackpad Gestures and Force Touch Recent Editorials See All » Apple Could Own Device-Centric AI with Custom Chip Here’s What Kik Users Need to Know About Kin Cryptocurrency The Touchbar MacBook Pro is a Disposable Embarrassment Apple Music Is Turning Apple into a Media Giant Dr. Mac's Gifts for Dads and Grads 2017 17864 John Kheit columns-opinions 27 1495815586 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
Login All Reviews Editorials News Leaked Memo Pegs iPhone 8 Launch After September 17 Adam Curry's Podcaster Pro Aims to be All-in-One Podcasting Solution New Report Backs Up Touch ID Embedded in iPhone 8 Display Tips The 5 Best PC Motherboards for Creating a Hackintosh Comprehensive Guide to Magic Mouse Mac Gestures Podcasts Apple Watch Tops Heart Rate Monitor Study, Adam Curry's Podcaster Pro - TMO Daily Observations 2017-05-26 The Big Ringless Voicemail Rant - TMO Daily Observations 2017-05-25 View All Results → macOS: Speedifier Lets You Control Video Speed In Safari Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! View All Reviews → Apple Could Own Device-Centric AI with Custom Chip The Touchbar MacBook Pro is a Disposable Embarrassment Dr. Mac's Gifts for Dads and Grads 2017 Apple Elevates Inclusion and Diversity to Rank of Vice President A Stellar Concept Video for iOS 11 and the Rebirth of the Mac View All Editorials → Leaked Memo Pegs iPhone 8 Launch After September 17 Jeff Gamet @jgamet · +Jeff Gamet 2 minute read May 26th, 2017 3:42 PM EDT | News An apparent leaked memo for AppleCare advisors and leaders restricts time off between September 17th and November 4th, hinting that the iPhone 7s, iPhone 7s Plus, and iPhone 8 will be released during that window. The vacation blackout window generally fits with Apple’s typical iPhone release cycle, but the actual dates seem odd, so we’re taking this memo with a big grain of salt. Apple employee time off blackout memo fits with iPhone 8 September launch The memo comes from Benjamin Geskin who has been fairly prolific with iPhone 8-related leaks over the past few weeks. Here’s the memo: The upcoming months are going to be very exciting for all of us and for our customers! As you know, there are new product announcements and launches in September. In anticipation of the upcoming events and the corresponding heightened call volume expected, we will be increasing our stall across all of our programs over the summer. In order to support our client during this very important time of year, we will be implementing Black Out Days in all AppleCare programs for Advisors and Leaders. The upcoming black out dates will be September 17 through November 4. Keep in mind that these dates are subject to change as our support volume expectations fluctuate. We will keep you advised of any black-out date changes and additions as soon as we are made aware of new initiatives. What are Black Out Days? Black Out Days are days in which we expect call volume to be at the highest, and we need all hands on deck. Advisors and Leaders will be restricted from requesting days off for Paid Time Off (PTO) and Unpaid Time Off. It is extremely important that everyone works their assigned scheduled days during this period – absences are unacceptable. Once you get past the “client” reference—which could imply contractors working as part of the AppleCare team, or an english as a second language reference to customers—the black out window dates are just weird. They start on a Sunday, and run through the entire month of October. Typically, Apple’s iPhone launch time off black outs run about two weeks from the device’s release, and they historically start on weekdays. What we can say for sure is that previous iPhone launches have come in September, and Apple employees are prohibited from taking time off for a couple weeks after to deal with new user questions and problems. This memo, legit or not, generally fits with that pattern, but until we see more proof to back it up we aren’t going to ink those dates in on our calendar. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Print Tumblr Tags: AppleCare+, black out days, iPhone 8, leak You might also like… The Touchbar MacBook Pro is a Disposable Embarrassment The 5 Best PC Motherboards for Creating a Hackintosh - Page 2 of 2 Comprehensive Guide to Mac Trackpad Gestures and Force Touch - Page 2 of 5 Apple Plans to Change Scrolling in Safari Adam Curry's Podcaster Pro Aims to be All-in-One Podcasting Solution One Comment Add a comment geoduck May 26, 2017 Maybe its a staged rollout. The 7s on the 19th of September. Then about three weeks later the 8. And then a couple of weeks to let the dust settle. May 26, 2017 at 6:17 EDT PM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Apple Could Own Device-Centric AI with Custom Chip Bryan Chaffin | May 26, 2017 Here’s What Kik Users Need to Know About Kin Cryptocurrency Andrew Orr | May 26, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Have a tech question? Visit our Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group and have the tech support brilliance of the entire Mac Geek Gab community at your fingertips! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $153.61 -0.26 (-0.17%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Leaked Memo Pegs iPhone 8 Launch After September 17 Adam Curry's Podcaster Pro Aims to be All-in-One Podcasting Solution New Report Backs Up Touch ID Embedded in iPhone 8 Display Apple Bringing Editorial Direction to Apple News, Hires Experienced New York Magazine Exec Jony Ive Appointed Chancellor at Royal College of Art Recent Tips See All » The 5 Best PC Motherboards for Creating a Hackintosh Comprehensive Guide to Magic Mouse Mac Gestures Tell the FCC Exactly How You Feel about Ringless Voicemail macOS: Linking Contact Cards Together Comprehensive Guide to Mac Trackpad Gestures and Force Touch Recent Editorials See All » Apple Could Own Device-Centric AI with Custom Chip Here’s What Kik Users Need to Know About Kin Cryptocurrency The Touchbar MacBook Pro is a Disposable Embarrassment Apple Music Is Turning Apple into a Media Giant Dr. Mac's Gifts for Dads and Grads 2017 17849 Jeff Gamet news 1 1495813352 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
Login All Reviews Editorials News Leaked Memo Pegs iPhone 8 Launch After September 17 Adam Curry's Podcaster Pro Aims to be All-in-One Podcasting Solution New Report Backs Up Touch ID Embedded in iPhone 8 Display Tips The 5 Best PC Motherboards for Creating a Hackintosh Comprehensive Guide to Magic Mouse Mac Gestures Podcasts Apple Watch Tops Heart Rate Monitor Study, Adam Curry's Podcaster Pro - TMO Daily Observations 2017-05-26 The Big Ringless Voicemail Rant - TMO Daily Observations 2017-05-25 View All Results → macOS: Speedifier Lets You Control Video Speed In Safari Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! View All Reviews → Apple Could Own Device-Centric AI with Custom Chip The Touchbar MacBook Pro is a Disposable Embarrassment Dr. Mac's Gifts for Dads and Grads 2017 Apple Elevates Inclusion and Diversity to Rank of Vice President A Stellar Concept Video for iOS 11 and the Rebirth of the Mac View All Editorials → Apple Could Own Device-Centric AI with Custom Chip Bryan Chaffin @TMOBryan · +Bryan Chaffin 2 minute read May 26th, 2017 6:39 PM EDT | The Back Page Apple is working on a custom chip that would handle AI-related tasks on its devices, according to Bloomberg’s Mark Gurman. Such a chip could give Apple a significant leg up deploying device-centric-AI, and if it succeeds, few of its competitors could respond. The chip is known internally as the Apple Neural Engine, according to Bloomberg’s unnamed sources. The story doesn’t include a target date, or even how far along the project is. The chip, “would improve the way the company’s devices handle tasks that would otherwise require human intelligence — such as facial recognition and speech recognition,” according to the piece. But let’s talk about why this is important, because that’s a lot more fun. The Whole AI Widget Apple was dismissed as a serious chip maker when reports first surfaced the company was developing its own ARM chip for iPhones. It turns out Apple is really, really good at chip design. No small part of that is rooted in the fact that Apple can custom design both the hardware and the software to meet its exact needs. Apple also has enough volume that it can have these chips made cost effectively. No other company can do this in today’s tech landscape. That’s been huge in the smartphone business, and it could be just as huge in the device-centric AI space. Areas where Apple can focus this chip include security, processing power, and battery efficiency. All three are incredibly important, and no company can match Apple on this because Apple controls the whole widget. Device-Centric AI vs. Cloud AI Apple’s competitors are relying on the cloud for AI-related processing. That’s great in terms of throwing processors at the AI problem, but it carries significant compromises in terms of security and privacy. Amazon’s and Google’s home wiretap devices listen in on you, the product’s, lives. Those devices then send data to those company’s cloud servers, and Big Brother smiles in delight. Apple handles as much as it can local to your device, keeping the data is needs to know about you, the customer, with you. It sends only anonymized data to its servers using differential privacy, improving your personal privacy. Apple currently does a lot of this processing with its A-series of processors and the powerful GPUs on each device. A powerful, dedicated AI chip might allow Apple to do even more processing local to your device, increasing the company’s privacy edge. Apple could also use a custom AI chip to make its devices all that more power efficient. The company already does a lot by turning off components for even microseconds when they’re not being used. A custom chip will further Apple’s control over what’s used when. For each task an appropriate processor—it’s a power-maniac’s wet dream. Apple’s Long AI Game Apple has been playing a long game with AI. That long game has allowed Amazon’s AI shortcut, Alexa, to gain a foothold, but developments like a dedicated AI chip would give Apple a significant edge. It’s possible nothing will come of the Apple Neural Engine—the company routinely kills projects for a variety of reasons. I hope, however, that Mr. Gurman’s sources have it right and that Apple is able to bring this chip to an Apple device near me. Device-centric AI benefits us all. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Print Tumblr Tags: AI, Apple, Apple Chip Design You might also like… The Touchbar MacBook Pro is a Disposable Embarrassment The 5 Best PC Motherboards for Creating a Hackintosh - Page 2 of 2 Comprehensive Guide to Mac Trackpad Gestures and Force Touch - Page 2 of 5 Apple Plans to Change Scrolling in Safari Adam Curry's Podcaster Pro Aims to be All-in-One Podcasting Solution One Comment Add a comment ibuck May 27, 2017 As frustrated as I sometimes get with Apple’s voice recognition, I hope you’re right, Bryan. I’m hoping Apple will give us a decent improvement in capability & accuracy soon (June?) with voice recognition at least, with AI (Siri) not far behind. May 27, 2017 at 1:05 EDT AM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Apple Could Own Device-Centric AI with Custom Chip Bryan Chaffin | May 26, 2017 Here’s What Kik Users Need to Know About Kin Cryptocurrency Andrew Orr | May 26, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Are you the Resident Geek for your friends, family and co-workers? If so, you might enjoy hanging out with other like-minded folks on the Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group. Come join the fun! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $153.61 -0.26 (-0.17%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Leaked Memo Pegs iPhone 8 Launch After September 17 Adam Curry's Podcaster Pro Aims to be All-in-One Podcasting Solution New Report Backs Up Touch ID Embedded in iPhone 8 Display Apple Bringing Editorial Direction to Apple News, Hires Experienced New York Magazine Exec Jony Ive Appointed Chancellor at Royal College of Art Recent Tips See All » The 5 Best PC Motherboards for Creating a Hackintosh Comprehensive Guide to Magic Mouse Mac Gestures Tell the FCC Exactly How You Feel about Ringless Voicemail macOS: Linking Contact Cards Together Comprehensive Guide to Mac Trackpad Gestures and Force Touch Recent Editorials See All » Apple Could Own Device-Centric AI with Custom Chip Here’s What Kik Users Need to Know About Kin Cryptocurrency The Touchbar MacBook Pro is a Disposable Embarrassment Apple Music Is Turning Apple into a Media Giant Dr. Mac's Gifts for Dads and Grads 2017 17890 Bryan Chaffin columns-opinions 1 1495823950 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
TechRadar pro IT insights for business Search RSS US Edition News Reviews Insights TechRadar Laptops/PCs Printers Hardware Software Mobile Working Security Networks Data Centre VPN Hands on: Voyo VMac Mini PC review A rival to the Mac Mini, you say? Not yet rated By Desire Athow PC & Mac  Shares What is a hands on review? Our Early Verdict If you can live with a relatively noisy computer, then Voyo’s VMac Mini may well be the compact PC you’re waiting for given its superb hardware configuration. For Great value for money Superb design Support for 2.5-inch HDD Fast M.2 SSD Against No Wi-Fi out of the box Review unit was noisy Windows 10 already registered 4K support at 29Hz only You can’t fault Voyo for trying its best: the Chinese company is attempting to differentiate itself from the constellation of other PC makers out there, unveiling the Voyo VMac Mini PC earlier this year. The name is obviously a crystal clear reference to Apple’s popular Mac Mini. Not that Voyo’s PC looks like Apple’s box of tricks. The VMac is smaller at 120 x 120 x 27mm and is available in metallic blue, aurora silver, ‘luxury’ gold or champagne gold colours, not just the standard silver aluminium look.  This isn’t Voyo’s first attempt to create a different mini PC, either. Last year’s Voyo V3 left a lasting impression: hardly bigger than a CD box, it packed some serious punch for the price and had only minor issues. Online Chinese retailer, Geekbuying, sent us a sample for review and sells the VMac Mini for £181 (or $233). Note that, while this price includes delivery, it is exclusive of any taxes that may be levied by HMRC or the courier companies on behalf of the vendor. Want to buy tech from online Chinese retailers? Read this first. The VMac Mini has, therefore, a lot to live up to – the 1-litre chassis of the computer is entirely made of metal and acts as a heatsink to dissipate extra heat (more on that later). There’s a Voyo logo on top with the obligatory Intel Inside sticker, four rubber feet on the bottom, with a power button on one side (plus a white status LED), and on the opposite side are all the connectors: three USB 3.0 ports, an audio socket, a mini-HDMI connector, a microSD card slot, a GbE LAN port and the power supply socket. We’re pleasantly surprised by the choice of ports provided by the device. There’s no USB 2.0 (for a change), a microSD reader (which removes the need for a connector) and a fast Ethernet port. It’s only a shame about the proprietary PSU port. The VMac Mini uses a 36W (12v, 3A) power supply unit, a higher than expected wattage that’s explained by the components found inside the device. At its heart is an Intel Pentium N4200, an Apollo Lake CPU with four cores, four threads, a TDP of 6W, a base clock frequency of 1.1GHz and a burst frequency of 2.5GHz. It also has 2MB of L2 cache and integrated Intel HD Graphics 505, clocked between 200MHz and 750MHz, with 18 execution units. Roughly speaking it’s a souped-up version of the Core M-5Y51 – the CPU found in the amazing Lenovo Yoga 3 Pro – with twice the core count but half the cache. It is worth noting that while the graphics can run 4K at 60Hz, we could only manage 4K at 29Hz on our test PC. The VMac’s CPU is actively cooled by a fan that has a rather high variable pitch and was active for most of the duration of our hands-on review. It was distracting to say the least, and there didn’t seem to be any way of mitigating that irritating whir. Next to the processor is a single 4GB DDR3 RAM module, which can be expanded to 8GB. Sadly, although the N4200 supports two memory channels, there’s only one DIMM slot. What sets apart the VMac Mini from the rest of the competition, and explains the high wattage PSU, is the fact that this mini PC can take a laptop drive (2.5-inch SATA) in addition to the 128GB M.2 2280 SSD and the embedded 32GB eMMC flash storage. Still, we don’t understand the logic of having eMMC flash storage in addition to the SSD – although it does open the way for multiple SKUs (one with flash memory only, one with SSD and flash, and the other with SSD and hard disk drive). The device ran a licensed version of Windows 10 Home which we found to be already registered, a common practice among Chinese manufacturers and something we neither condone nor encourage. The PC logged straight into desktop mode without asking for a password. Unfortunately we couldn’t get Wi-Fi to work at all on the VMac Mini. This is likely to be down to a defective component rather than Windows itself as Bluetooth – which is usually serviced by the same card – was unavailable as well. Expect the device to deliver 802.11n Wi-Fi. When it came to sheer performance, we couldn’t fault Voyo’s mini PC. This is a solid device that will run almost any office or business applications without flinching thanks to a capable processor and a surprisingly nippy storage subsystem. In terms of benchmarks, its CPU-Z single and multi-thread scores are far ahead of the Dell Latitude 12 7202 which is powered by the Intel Core M-5Y71. The Atto benchmark also returned some very good read/write numbers thanks to the M.2 SSD, even higher than the SSD inside the Asus AsusPro B9440UA laptop managed.  Other tests we performed (Passmark, Cinebench, Novabench and CrystalDiskMark) cemented the belief that Voyo may well have struck a sweet spot with the VMac Mini. Early verdict We’ve got mixed feelings about this one. On the one hand, the Voyo VMac Mini will appeal to businesses looking for a reasonably well-specced workstation with oodles of local storage and an affordable price tag.  However, the lack of Wi-Fi out of the box is frustrating, and the noisy fan is equally annoying at times. While you can add a USB Wi-Fi dongle to your device, you cannot really do anything to mitigate the boisterous cooler. Voyo should solve these two issues in the next version of this PC to hit the jackpot. Truth be told, though, none of the existing competitors we’ve tested lately (like the Chuwi HiBox) have the quality of components found in the VMac Mini. These are the best business desktop PCs of 2017 What is a hands on review? 'Hands on reviews' are a journalist's first impressions of a piece of kit based on spending some time with it. It may be just a few moments, or a few hours. The important thing is we have been able to play with it ourselves and can give you some sense of what it's like to use, even if it's only an embryonic view. For more information, see TechRadar's Reviews Guarantee. GET YOUR FREE MAGAZINE NET: The Money Issue worth £5.99 Join 13,000 TechRadar Pro subscribers! Sign up for a new, free business service from TechRadar Pro to help you in your job delivering high value, original content direct to your inbox GET MY FREE MAGAZINE No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 The best free VPN 2017 2 Samsung Galaxy Note 8 release date, news and rumors 3 The Samsung Galaxy Note 8 has to have a 4K screen 4 OnePlus 5 leak tips it to be faster than the Samsung Galaxy S8 5 New Nokia 3310 (2017) review 1 It doesn’t matter if you hate the new Nokia 3310, it’s already done its job 2 Kodi, VLC and other media players are open to malware attack via subtitles 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 8 release date, news and rumors 4 Yes, Samsung Galaxy S8's iris scanner can be hacked – here's how 5 Huawei MateBook X review TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. About Us Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « The Case about the Downing of an Air Egypt Flight related to Apple Devices is still ongoing with Apple not Involved | Main | Apple Opened their First Singapore Store Today with 237 Staff and Angela Ahrendts Greeting Happy Customers » May 26, 2017 Apple's advances in AI Continue to Surface at a Record Pace as news of a 'Neural Engine' Chip now Emerges   Even though Apple was the first major tech company to adopt a digital assistant for use in their smartphone natively, progress on this front seemed to be at a snails pace. Then out of nowhere Amazon shocked the market with a smarter digital assistant on a home device called Echo. Google Home rapidly followed and their latest upgrade will offer free phone calls within the U.S. and Canada and deeper connectivity to Android. Now Microsoft, Harman Kardon and many tech companies are jumping on the bandwagon with new smart home digital assistant based devices aimed to land on the market this fall.   Even Samsung has technically jumped into the market with Bixby in the last month on their Galaxy S8 that they promise will be integrated into future devices and appliances as part of their IoT roadmap. In fact a new design patent that surfaced on May 16 shows us that they have an advanced Echo-like device with a full flexible display on the drawing board that could run Android as their patent figures suggest below.   We noted in a report back on May 11 that the AI Wars were almost reaching Fever Pitch levels. Almost ever week if not every day there's an AI story surfacing. On May 14 Apple aquired their third major AI company in three years. On the same day we posted a patent report titled "Apple has designed a new Siri Architecture allowing Two Digital Assistants to Communicate with Each Other." Last month we posted a patent report tiled "Apple Patent Reveals a Visual System to Assist Siri in Future Devices to understand Gestures, Activities, & More"   At the top of this month we posted a report titled "Inventec Lands First Order for Apple's Echo-Like Home Device with Siri." Although it's a supply chain rumor, Apple fans hope that this could be a big moment at Apple's WWDC in June. Some believe it will launch this fall. Yet what matters is that Apple brings a new Siri based device into the home to support their Smart Home project and to keep the competition at bay.   Google is crafting the argument that they are the one's to beat in AI without question. Patently Apple covered Google's vision in two reports titled "The Vision of Artificial Intelligence According to the Gospel of Google" and "The Google Manifesto: The Arrival of the AI Revolution."   Apple supplier TSMC sees some of the sand beginning to shift into new directions. Co-CEO Mark Liu.Mobile let if be known last month that while smartphones will still drive the market for them in the short term, that new and innovative features for smartphones and other mobile devices including virtual reality (VR), augmented reality (AR), context-aware computation, and artificial intelligence (AI) and deep machine learning require support of more powerful computing technology." Translation: new chips are on their roadmap to power new technologies and features like VR/AR and AI.   The hint of new advanced chips coming to market gave way this afternoon to a new report by Bloomberg claiming that "Apple is working on a processor devoted specifically to AI-related tasks, according to a person familiar with the matter. The chip, known internally as the Apple Neural Engine, would improve the way the company's devices handle tasks that would otherwise require human intelligence -- such as facial recognition and speech recognition." So now the chip will have a name.   The timing of this latest leak about the Apple Neural Engine may have been timed perfectly to start cranking up their developers and fans for the WWDC keynote on June fifth.   The news of advances to Siri in the works have been mounting so fiercely in the last few months that it's now time for Team Apple to knock one out of the park and set their developers on fire for the next phase of Apple AI.   On the flip-side, it's always best to not get over-hyped about anything Apple until it actually unfolds. We know positive things are in the works and they'll roll out whenever Apple is ready to unleash them. But I have to admit, I'm definitely pumped-up for next month's event – are you?   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.     Posted by Jack Purcher on May 26, 2017 at 05:13 PM in 5. Apple News | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts Our Report covers Major Patent Troller Uniloc Filing 3 Lawsuits against Apple and a Video taking a Peek at the 'Patent Scam' Industry Two Older Apple Office Buildings in Cupertino were Temporarily Evacuated due to a Gas Leak Apple Opened their First Singapore Store Today with 237 Staff and Angela Ahrendts Greeting Happy Customers Apple's advances in AI Continue to Surface at a Record Pace as news of a 'Neural Engine' Chip now Emerges The Case about the Downing of an Air Egypt Flight related to Apple Devices is still ongoing with Apple not Involved The May Cover of the 'The New Yorker' Magazine was designed on an iPad Pro by Artist Jorge Colombo The Full Universal Secure Registry Lawsuit against Apple and Visa over the Apple Pay System is now Revealed TSMC Executive Says they're testing 7nm Chips for 12 Top Customers & will Ramp up Production in H2 2018 IDC's Five Year Forecast See's Notebooks and Detachables as Growth Areas, Desktops and Tablets in Steady Decline Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. Apple News 6A - Rumors, Supply Chain + 6B. Non-Apple Reports, Editorials, Opinons 7. Apple / Market Statistics 8. Apple Events & Financial News 9. 3D, Siri, Facial/Audio Biometrics Apple Accessories Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple Macs Apple Pay Apple Pencil + Apple Store Apple Watch AppleTV Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Haptics, Sensors & Tactile Maps/Indoor Mapping + Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Software + OS Wireless Charging See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  iOS App  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1370, 22 May 17 #1369, 15 May 17 #1368, 08 May 17 #1367, 01 May 17 #1366, 24 Apr 17 #1365, 17 Apr 17 #1364, 10 Apr 17 #1363, 03 Apr 17 #1362, 27 Mar 17 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members Smile ScanSnap   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the TidBITS Content Network for Apple consultants.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist iMovie 10.1.6 BBEdit 11.6.6 HoudahGeo 5.1.9 OmniOutliner Essentials and Pro 5.0.4 TextExpander 6.2.1 Things 3.0.2 Microsoft Office 2016 15.34 and Office 2011 14.7.4 Mellel 3.5.3 KeyCue 8.4 Airfoil 5.6     Related Articles How to Stop iCloud Calendar Spam (29 Nov 16)     Published in TidBITS 1370. Subscribe to our weekly email edition. No Email Issue on 29 May 2017 for Memorial Day New CMD-D Conference Targets Automation TidBITS News Shows How an Old 32-bit iOS App Becomes 64-bit Google Aims to Attract Apple Users with Google I/O Announcements TidBITS Watchlist: Notable Software Updates for 22 May 2017 ExtraBITS for 22 May 2017     Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. Problem Solving | 22 May 2017 | Print  | Comment (19) Never Be Late or Forget a Task Again with “Take Control of Calendar and Reminders” by Scholle McFarland [Tonya Engst here. Little is more embarrassing than showing up late for a meeting or missing an important deadline due to forgetfulness. The go-to solution for Apple users is to offload your fallible human memory to Apple’s Calendar and Reminders apps, which are built into macOS and iOS. But even worse than forgetting a meeting or task is messing up due to a misconfiguration or misunderstanding in Calendar and Reminders. Been there, done that. These apps are the focus of the first Take Control book to be published since we sold the series: Scholle McFarland’s $10 “Take Control of Calendar and Reminders.” It’s a classic Take Control title that explains all you need to know about real-world usage of these heavily used but under-documented apps. I helped Scholle develop and edit the book, learning a lot about Calendar and Reminders that I didn’t know along the way. To give you a taste of her advice, here’s a slightly modified excerpt from the troubleshooting chapter, which addresses a few common problems that can prevent you from using Calendar and Reminders successfully. Whether you’re suffering from one of these problems now, suspect that a family member is, or want to avoid future mishaps, read on for Scholle’s solutions to some common conundrums!] How Can I Change the Default Calendar for New Events on My Mac? -- If new events are showing up in the wrong calendar, choose Calendar > Preferences > General and then pick a calendar from the Default Calendar pop-up menu at the bottom of the preference pane. Now, whenever you create a new event, it will appear in this calendar automatically. Note that the default, Selected Calendar, adds new events to whatever calendar you last selected, which can produce some unexpected results. Why Do Events I Add with My iPhone End Up on the Wrong Calendar on My Mac? -- When you add events with an iPhone, you can use Siri or do it in the Calendar app. Either way, events are placed in your iPhone’s default calendar, so make sure you’ve designated the one you want to use. On your iPhone, tap Settings > Calendar > Default Calendar and choose the calendar you want from the list. How Do I Prevent Calendar Spam? -- It started in November 2016. Suddenly, Mac users were inundated with calendar spam — bogus event invitations from counterfeit companies hawking cut-rate Ray Bans, Ugg boots, and other supposed bargains, often in Chinese (see “How to Stop iCloud Calendar Spam,” 29 November 2016). Calendar spammers take advantage of the macOS and iOS feature that scans Mail messages for calendar invitations and then sends you a notification. What’s worse, if you click Accept, Decline, or Maybe, you notify the spammer that your account is real and ready for more. To prevent calendar spam, log in to iCloud.com, click Calendar, click the Settings icon (it’s a red gear), and choose Preferences > Advanced. Then, change the Receive Event Invitations radio button to Email To email address. Now, instead of appearing as notifications, calendar invitations will run through your email account, which undoubtedly checks for spam. You can also safely delete messages there without alerting the spammer. How Do I Remove Duplicate Events? -- If you open the Calendar app and your calendar is littered with duplicate events, try this: On the Mac, choose View > Refresh Calendars (or press Command-R). Or, on your iOS device, tap Calendars to see your list of calendars. Swipe down to refresh. If that doesn’t work, check whether you have an On My Mac calendar that is identical to one of your iCloud calendars. Hide it by deselecting it in the Calendars list and see if duplicates disappear. If they do, you can either keep this calendar hidden or delete the calendar altogether by Control-clicking its name in the Calendars list and choosing Delete. How Do I Delete Duplicate Birthdays? -- If Calendar’s special Birthdays calendar shows a birthday more than once, you can remove the extras. First, on the Mac, choose Calendar > Preferences > General. Deselect the Show Birthdays Calendar checkbox and select it again. If that doesn’t work, duplicate contacts are probably to blame. Open the Contacts app and choose Card > Look for Duplicates. If the app finds them, choose Merge. You may need to repeat this step. If some duplicate birthdays still appear in Calendar, go into Contacts and manually delete the stubborn duplicates that the app is unable to detect. Your duplicate birthdays should disappear. How Do I Get Rid of Duplicate iCloud Calendars? -- If identical iCloud calendars appear to be multiplying like bunnies, first try launching Calendar and choosing View > Refresh Calendars. If you are having trouble verifying whether two calendars have completely duplicated events, try making them different colors (Control-click a calendar in the Calendars list to pick a color). Deselect all other calendars in your Calendars list besides these two. Now you can scan more easily to check for non-duplicated events. If you find a non-duplicated event, move it to the calendar you want to keep. If you are sure you need to de-duplicate, log in to iCloud.com, click Calendar, and see if the duplicate calendars appear in the list there: If duplicates appear on the iCloud Web site: To be safe, go back to your Calendar app and make a backup of each of the affected calendars by selecting them in turn and choosing File > Export > Export to create calendar (.ics) files labeled with their names. Once that’s done, go to iCloud.com and delete the duplicate calendar(s) from the Web site, by clicking Edit at the bottom of the calendar list and then clicking the Remove button next to a calendar. A warning asks you if you’re sure. If you are, click Delete. Now, return to the app and refresh your calendars by pressing Command-R. Duplicates should disappear. If duplicates don’t appear on the iCloud Web site: That means the problem is on your end. Choose Calendar > Accounts, click iCloud, and deselect Calendars. Your iCloud calendars disappear from the Calendars list. Then, choose Calendar > Accounts, click iCloud, and select Calendars. As iCloud re-populates your calendar data, this time it should get it right. How Do I Move a Calendar to Another Computer? -- Here’s the beauty of cloud accounts such as iCloud or Google: your calendars show up on any other device that’s connected to that account, no effort required. If you use local On My Mac calendars, though, and want to move one to another computer, you must export a copy and then import it elsewhere. To export a calendar so you can move it to another computer, share it with someone else, or make a local backup: Select the calendar’s name in the Calendars list. Choose File > Export > Export. Choose a location and then click Export. The events are exported to a calendar (.ics) file. Here’s how to import a calendar (.ics) file: Create a new calendar that will hold this file’s events, or choose an existing calendar you want to add its events to. Make sure your choice is selected in the Calendars list. Choose File > Import. (You can import a calendar archive (.icbu) file with the File > Import command, but when you do, it replaces all of your current calendar and reminders information, so make sure you get a .ics file here.) Select the calendar file and then click Import. Alternatively, drag a calendar file from the Finder to the Calendar window to add its events to whichever calendar is selected in the Calendars list. How Can I Merge Calendars? -- If you were over-enthusiastic about making calendars, so long as they are stored in the same account (or are all in On My Mac), you can merge them after the fact. Select one of the calendars in the Calendars list and choose Edit > Merge Calendar. Calendars that you can add events to appear in the submenu. If you can’t merge the two calendars you want, instead consolidate them by exporting the contents of one and then importing it into another, as described earlier in this excerpt. Why Won’t My Calendar Show Maps or Travel Time? -- To see travel time related to a calendar event, you must turn on Location Services on the device where you are working with the event: Mac: Go to System Preferences > Security & Privacy > Privacy. Click Location Services, and then click the lock icon and enter your administrator name and password at the prompt. Click Location Services. Then, in the list to the right, select the checkbox next to Calendars. iOS: Open the Settings app, tap Privacy > Location Services, and turn on the Location Services switch. Still on the Location Services screen, tap Calendar and ensure that Never is not selected. With these settings on, Calendar can determine your approximate location using information from Wi-Fi networks, and if your device has cellular data turned on, from the cellular network. Apple asserts that this is collected in a way that won’t personally identify you. Why Can’t I See Any of My Reminders on My iPhone? -- If you’re faced with a blank screen when you try to check reminders on your iPhone or another of your iOS devices, you may be saving them to iCloud elsewhere, but not be using iCloud on this one. Tap Settings > Your Name > iCloud. Now tap iCloud and make sure the Reminders switch is On. How Can I Get an “On My Mac” Option? -- If you want to store a calendar or reminders list locally on your Mac, you need to choose On My Mac from the submenu when you create the calendar or list. If you don’t see that choice, and you don’t have an On My Mac heading in the app’s left-hand Calendars list or sidebar, you can solve the problem by turning off all accounts associated with calendars or reminders and then turning them back on. To see an On My Mac option in Calendars: Go to Calendar > Preferences > Accounts. Select each account listed there in turn and uncheck the Enable This Account box. Your account-based calendars disappear from the Calendars list — do not be alarmed! In fact, if they don’t disappear, try quitting and relaunching Calendar. Choose File > New Calendar and a new calendar appears in your Calendars list under the header On My Mac. If you want to view your account-based calendars in addition to your On My Mac calendar, return to Calendar > Preferences > Accounts and select those accounts’ Enable This Account box. To see an On My Mac option in Reminders: Choose Reminders > Accounts to open the Internet Accounts pane of System Preferences. For each account listed at the left, select it and then see whether the Reminders checkbox is selected. If it is, deselect it. Your account-based lists disappear from the Reminders sidebar — this is okay! An On My Mac option appears. Return to the Internet Accounts pane and for each account where you do want to view its reminders on your Mac, select its Reminders checkbox. Solving any one or the above described problems may put your calendaring and remembering system back on track. For more help, the 129-page “Take Control of Calendar and Reminders” looks at creating alerts automatically or by hand, setting up a notification system that keeps you informed without driving you berserk, sharing calendars and to-do lists, and much more. Pick up a copy today to eliminate scheduling anxiety tomorrow!   READERS LIKE YOU! Support TidBITS by becoming a member today! Check out the perks at <http://tidbits.com/member_benefits.html> Special thanks to Richard Robinson, dan hassler, Richard Ford, and Robert Munger for their generous support!   Comments about Never Be Late or Forget a Task Again with “Take Control of Calendar and Reminders” To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. You know that Apple’s built-in Calendar and Reminders apps can help you manage your schedule and to-do list. But there’s often a gap between theory and reality, so we’ll share a few key troubleshooting tips in this excerpt from Scholle McFarland’s new “Take Control of Calendar and Reminders.” Receive comments via RSS Add a comment Simon  2017-05-22 22:59 How do I get declined meetings to show up on my iOS calendar the same way they do on my macOS calendar? I've found the iOS option to have them display, but they only show until the time of the event. Once the event has passed they mysteriously disappear from the iOS calendar. This inconsistency between iOS and macOS calendars is driving me crazy. Reply Scholle Sawyer-McFarland  2017-05-23 12:56 Hi Simon, Open Calendar on your iPhone, tap the word Calendars (in red) at the bottom of the screen. Then scroll all the way to the bottom. You'll see a Show Declined Events slider. Toggle that on. Declined events show up in your Inbox. (Which is a bit odd.) Go to Calendar's Year view, tap Inbox at the bottom of the screen, and then tap Replied. A list of events--Declined or not--should appear there. Does that work? Reply Simon  2017-05-23 13:21 Thanks, but as I already mentioned I know how to get them to display. That's not the problem. The problem is they only display in the calendar until the time of the event. However, once the event time passes, they mysteriously get removed from the calendar. So you have no way of going back and checking events in the past if you had declined them. This is highly inconsistent. The macOS calendar does not do this. Events there don't just disappear oon their own. To make matters worse, as far as I can tell there's no option to change this behavior. Apple just decided that nobody would ever need to know about a past event if they declined it. And we users are stuck that on iOS. Argh. Reply Scholle Sawyer-McFarland  2017-05-23 13:23 Do you still see them in the Inbox, though? I can see my older declined events there. Reply Scholle Sawyer-McFarland  2017-05-23 13:26 I do see older suggested events in my calendar (even from more than a year ago), but only if I didn't accept or decline them. (Once you tap Add To Calendar, they become a regular event.) Reply Simon  2017-05-23 13:28 No, only future events are listed there. Both accepted and declined, but nothing from the past. Reply Scholle Sawyer-McFarland  2017-05-23 13:29 Actually, I see that the declined events in my Inbox are in the future (there's just no year with them). I'll research this some more. Reply Stan Hoffman  2017-05-23 12:32 I started using Reminders recently and was just getting into it when one day all my Reminders were gone. They weren't in iCloud and not on my computer. Just gone. Makes me hesitant to rely on it. Any idea what caused my reminders to disappear after working reliably for months? Reply Scholle Sawyer-McFarland  2017-05-23 13:00 There are a few things that might make this happen. Probably the most likely is that Reminders got turned off for an account. Go to Reminders > Accounts and click on the account the reminders belonged to (or take a look at all the accounts if you're not sure). Reminders should be selected in the account's list. If this is what happened, when you select Reminders for the account again, they will reappear. Reply Stan Hoffman  2017-05-23 13:36 I did what you said and checked Reminders. However, this did not cause the missing reminders to reappear, even after quitting and restarting Reminders. What else can I try? Reply Scholle Sawyer-McFarland  2017-05-23 13:40 A couple of questions: What kind of account were the missing reminders in (iCloud, On My Mac, etc)? Also, are they missing on a particular device or on all your devices (Mac, iPhone, etc.)? Reply Stan Hoffman  2017-05-23 14:11 I entered them into the Reminders app on my iMac. I never used them on iCloud or my iPhone. I have checked now and the iCloud and iPhone have similar lists (with no entries except a few completed items). On the iMac it's different--there's just nothing where there used to be several recurring reminders. Reply Tonya Engst   2017-05-25 19:00 Stan, do you think the problem is that your _list_ disappeared or is the list still around but the entries in it have disappeared? Reply Stan Hoffman  2017-05-26 20:07 I believe it was the entries. I don't remember creating any new lists--just used the default. Reply Peter U   2017-05-23 21:17 Do you discuss time zones in Apple's Calendar app? I moved from Europe to the US 10 years ago and never managed to change the time zone in Calendar (still on Central European time). Changing to Eastern Time messes up all my future (and past) appointments, i.e. moves them to 6 hours earlier. When I am in a different time zone I like to use the LOCAL time in my calendar not the time zone I live in. Not sure why the damn app doesn't understand that. Thanks :) Reply Peter U   2017-05-23 21:21 PS: I meant the macOS Calendar v7.0 (currently still in OS 10.9.5, sorry, different story). Reply Simon  2017-05-23 21:42 I've had exactly the same problem. It appears the problem is Calendar does not offer support for local time. It's hell bent on being smart so as soon as you move, either all your past or your future appointments will shift to weird times in your calendar. It's frustrating. Apparently it was designed by people who cannot imagine life beyond a single time zone. Reply Scholle Sawyer-McFarland  2017-05-24 12:06 Dealing with time zones is covered in the book. That can get confusing! Reply Scholle Sawyer-McFarland  2017-05-24 12:05 Dealing with time zones is covered in the book. That can get confusing! Reply To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. You know that Apple’s built-in Calendar and Reminders apps can help you manage your schedule and to-do list. But there’s often a gap between theory and reality, so we’ll share a few key troubleshooting tips in this excerpt from Scholle McFarland’s new “Take Control of Calendar and Reminders.” Add a comment  Search   Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2017 Scholle McFarland TidBITS is copyright © 2017 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple’s WWDC returns to San Jose June 5-9, 2017 Cupertino, California — Apple today announced its 28th annual Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) — hosting the world’s most talented developer community — will be held at the McEnery Convention Center in San Jose. The conference, kicking off June 5, will inspire developers from all walks of life to turn their passions into the next great innovations and apps that customers use every day across iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch, Apple TV and Mac. Each year during WWDC, millions of talented developers around the world learn about Apple’s breakthrough platform technologies ranging from programming languages like Swift to breakthrough developer APIs like SiriKit, HomeKit, HealthKit and CarPlay. These Apple technologies inspire developers to continue creating incredible experiences for every aspect of customers’ lives and improve the way they manage their smart homes, cars, health and more for over one billion active Apple devices. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Reports Record First Quarter Results Next PostNext Apple Park opens to employees in April Search Recent Posts Getting Vietnam visa at the Embassy is no longer the only option for France passport holders House Fire in Raintree Subdivision 3 Reasons NVIDIA Stock Could Continue Soaring Apple Dubai Mall opens April 27 “Today at Apple” bringing new experiences to every Apple Store Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Watch band offerings expand for spring 2017 Today, Apple introduced a new lineup of fresh and bright band colors that give customers more opportunity than ever to personalize and customize their Apple Watch. Highlights for the season include a wide stripe Woven Nylon band, standalone Nike Sport Bands and beautifully crafted Apple Watch Hermès bands in striking new colors. All-new bands are available to order today from apple.com and for purchase at select Apple Stores, Apple Authorized Resellers and carriers in late March. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUPDATE Post navigation Previous PostPrevious New 9.7-inch iPad features stunning Retina display and incredible performance Next PostNext Raising the bar: Apple’s 11th annual Supplier Responsibility progress report released Search Recent Posts Another Strong Start of Year for ADAMA Trump Pleased With Results of First Overseas Trip Another Strong Start of Year for ADAMA Former Head of Small Business Administration Urges University of La Verne Graduates to Embrace Entrepreneurial Spirit Prof. Narayana Rao KVSS’s Lecture is a Big Hit at the Annual Conference of IISE 2017, held at Pittsburgh, PA, USA. Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Raising the bar: Apple’s 11th annual Supplier Responsibility progress report released Apple’s responsible sourcing efforts expanded beyond conflict minerals to include cobalt for the first time. For the second year in a row, 100% of Apple’s tin, tungsten, tantalum, and gold (3TG) smelters and refiners are participating in independent third-party audits. Apple has also partnered with numerous NGOs to drive positive change on the ground, including Pact, who are working to provide essential health and safety training to artisanal mining and building programs to help children stay in school. In 2016, Apple trained more than 2.4 million workers on their rights as employees. Since 2008, over 2 million people have participated in Apple’s Supplier Employee Education and Development (SEED) program. It offers opportunities to earn higher education degrees, attend vocational training, and take classes in arts, finance and language skills. To learn more about Apple’s progress, go to apple.com/supplier-responsibility. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUPDATE Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Watch band offerings expand for spring 2017 Next PostNext Apple takes supplier clean energy program to Japan Search Recent Posts Another Strong Start of Year for ADAMA Trump Pleased With Results of First Overseas Trip Another Strong Start of Year for ADAMA Former Head of Small Business Administration Urges University of La Verne Graduates to Embrace Entrepreneurial Spirit Prof. Narayana Rao KVSS’s Lecture is a Big Hit at the Annual Conference of IISE 2017, held at Pittsburgh, PA, USA. Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple takes supplier clean energy program to Japan Ibiden’s products help bring together the integrated circuitry and chip packages in Apple devices. Their renewable energy projects will produce over 12 MW of solar power — more than the energy they need for Apple manufacturing — and support Japan’s nationwide efforts to limit its carbon emissions. “These innovative new clean energy investments demonstrate our commitment to doing business responsibly and economically,” said Kyoichi Yamanaka, Managing Director of Ibiden’s Environment Group. “Our products help Apple devices run smarter, and now we’re powering our operations with smarter energy too. We’re pleased to partner with Apple and lead the way in helping Japan meet its clean energy goals.” Apple and its suppliers will be generating over 2.5 billion kilowatt hours per year of clean energy for the manufacturing of Apple products by the end of 2018 — equal to taking over 400,000 cars off the road for a year. Apple has taken significant steps to protect the environment by transitioning from fossil fuels to clean energy. Today, the company is powering 100 percent of its operations in 23 countries, and more than 93 percent of its worldwide operations, with renewable energy. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUPDATE Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Raising the bar: Apple’s 11th annual Supplier Responsibility progress report released Next PostNext Swift Playgrounds now available in five additional languages Search Recent Posts Another Strong Start of Year for ADAMA Trump Pleased With Results of First Overseas Trip Another Strong Start of Year for ADAMA Former Head of Small Business Administration Urges University of La Verne Graduates to Embrace Entrepreneurial Spirit Prof. Narayana Rao KVSS’s Lecture is a Big Hit at the Annual Conference of IISE 2017, held at Pittsburgh, PA, USA. Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple opens new stores in Nanjing, Cologne and Miami PHOTOS March 25, 2017 previous next Apple Nanjing Jinmao Place Apple Schildergasse Apple Brickell City Center Apple opened its doors to customers today at new stores in Nanjing, Cologne and Miami, bringing Apple’s latest retail innovations to the heart of each city. More than 350 store employees welcomed thousands of customers at the grand openings, some queuing for days in advance. Each store complements the local architecture, from the restored facade in Schildergasse to the 90-by-30-foot glass entryway of Apple Nanjing. For the first time in each city, customers explored The Forum, a place where the local community can gather and learn. All three stores also feature The Boardroom, a space for local entrepreneurs, developers and business customers to get hands-on advice and training. Apple Nanjing Jinmao Place Customers lined up starting Thursday at the 90-by-30-foot glass storefront of Apple Nanjing Jinmao Place. Customers in Nanjing explore Apple’s latest products at Apple Nanjing Jinmao Place. Apple Nanjing Jinmao Place is the first store in China to feature a stone staircase with integrated recessed handrails. Apple Schildergasse Apple Schildergasse in Cologne is the first store in Germany to feature Apple’s latest innovative store design, including a Forum, Avenues and Boardroom. The double height grand hall of Apple Schildergasse in Cologne features a circular, suspended glass stair case. Apple restored the historic facade at Apple Schildergasse in Cologne. Apple Brickell City Centre The 100 employees at Apple Brickell City Centre in Miami speak nine languages, and nearly half speak Spanish. Customers gathered at Apple Brickell City Centre, Apple’s fifth store in Miami. Photos from Apple stores in Nanjing, Cologne and Miami CategoriesUncategorized TagsPhotos Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Swift Playgrounds now available in five additional languages Next PostNext Apple introduces Clips: the fun, new way to create expressive videos on iOS Search Recent Posts Another Strong Start of Year for ADAMA Trump Pleased With Results of First Overseas Trip Another Strong Start of Year for ADAMA Former Head of Small Business Administration Urges University of La Verne Graduates to Embrace Entrepreneurial Spirit Prof. Narayana Rao KVSS’s Lecture is a Big Hit at the Annual Conference of IISE 2017, held at Pittsburgh, PA, USA. Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple introduces Clips: the fun, new way to create expressive videos on iOS Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s more than 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple opens new stores in Nanjing, Cologne and Miami Next PostNext Clips brings fun and simple video creation to iPhone and iPad Search Recent Posts Getting Vietnam visa at the Embassy is no longer the only option for France passport holders House Fire in Raintree Subdivision 3 Reasons NVIDIA Stock Could Continue Soaring Apple Dubai Mall opens April 27 “Today at Apple” bringing new experiences to every Apple Store Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple awards Corning Advanced Manufacturing Fund investment Apple has committed to investing at least $1 billion with US-based companies as part of the fund, which is designed to foster innovative production and highly skilled jobs that will help lay the foundation for a new era of technology-driven manufacturing in the US. “Corning’s longstanding relationship with Apple has not only led to significant glass innovations that have enabled new capabilities for consumers, it has also helped create nearly 1,000 American jobs and allowed us to continue growing and expanding in the US,” said Wendell P. Weeks, Corning’s chairman, chief executive officer and president. “This investment will ensure our plant in Harrodsburg remains a global center of excellence for glass technology.” In the US, Apple now supports 2 million jobs across all 50 states, including 450,000 jobs attributable to Apple’s spend and investment with US-based suppliers. Last year alone, Apple spent over $50 billion with more than 9,000 domestic suppliers and manufacturers. Since the inception of Gorilla Glass in 2007, the partnership between Apple and Corning has created and sustained nearly 1,000 US jobs across Corning’s R&D, manufacturing and commercial functions, including over 400 in Harrodsburg. Corning has procured enough renewable energy to cover all of its Apple manufacturing in the US.  CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple celebrates store opening at Dubai Mall Next PostNext “Today at Apple” launches worldwide Search Recent Posts Mattis to TAPS Members: ‘You Represent Best of Our Country’ This Is a Test From PR Newswire The Cook Islands Football Association celebrate Pink Shirt day to promote Anti-Bullying. Boink Live Streaming Announces A New Hollywood Full of Stars and Major Advertisers Silicon Valley is trumpeting AI as the cure for the medical industry, but doctors are skeptical Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman “Today at Apple” launches worldwide PHOTOS May 21, 2017 Customers fill the Forum at Apple Union Square as Leon Bridges performs a special acoustic set with Brittni Jessie from his album “Coming Home.” “Today at Apple” kicked off this weekend with new in-store programming around the world, including Photo Walks and Kids Hour at all 495 Apple stores. From Getting Started with Coding to How To: Sketch, Draw and Paint with iPad, stores collectively hosted 4,000 sessions a day, including some with very special guests. Apple Union Square Customers use iPad Pro and Apple Pencil as they learn from master illustrator Todd Selby. Movement artist and star of Apple’s AirPods commercial, Lil Buck, shows off his moves in the Forum at Apple Union Square. Multiplatinum artist, songwriter and producer Charlie Puth gives an intimate performance at Apple Union Square. Leon Bridges gives a soulful “Today at Apple” performance to end the day of sessions at Apple Union Square. Apple Regent Street Dua Lipa performs an acoustic set of tracks from her upcoming album. During a Live Art session with French illustrator mcbess at Apple Regent Street attendees share their own work following his signature style—graphic illustrations without color. iPhone photographers cover two miles in 90 minutes as they seek out fashion-forward portraits with photographer Shingi Rice. Apple Williamsburg iPhone photographers hit the streets of Brooklyn for a portrait-themed Photo Walk with Timothy Mulcare. Music Lab: 18-year-old Steve Lacy earned a Grammy nomination for his work with The Internet — producing it all on his iPhone. Apple Marché Saint-Germain Aspiring coders of all ages can learn how to code in Swift, Apple’s programming language for iOS and Mac apps. Up-and-coming pop sensation, Sigrid, performs tracks off her debut “Don’t Kill My Vibe” EP at Apple Marché Saint-Germain. To find and register for a session visit www.apple.com/today. Photos of “Today at Apple” Worldwide Launch CategoriesUncategorized TagsPhotos Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple awards Corning Advanced Manufacturing Fund investment Next PostNext Apple launches app development curriculum for high school and community college students Search Recent Posts Getting Vietnam visa at the Embassy is no longer the only option for France passport holders House Fire in Raintree Subdivision 3 Reasons NVIDIA Stock Could Continue Soaring Apple Dubai Mall opens April 27 “Today at Apple” bringing new experiences to every Apple Store Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple celebrates store opening at Dubai Mall UPDATE April 27, 2017 Apple Dubai Mall provides stunning views of the Burj Khalifa and Dubai Fountain from the two-level store. Perched above the Dubai Fountain and in the shadow of the Burj Khalifa, Apple Dubai Mall opened to thousands of customers Thursday afternoon. Customers were the first in the Middle East to experience the just-announced Today at Apple programs. Apple employees welcome customers to Apple’s third store in the United Arab Emirates. Thousands of customers gather at Apple Dubai Mall for the grand opening on Thursday afternoon. Customers in Dubai explore the latest products in the new store. Local musicians perform during Today at Apple sessions at Apple Dubai Mall. During a Today at Apple performance, an artist illustrates the session on iPad Pro with Apple Pencil. The carbon fiber “Solar Wings” open to invite the community to the public terrace along the 186-foot curved storefront. Visitors experience Apple’s latest innovative store design, including the Genius Grove, Forum, Avenues and Boardroom. Find out more about upcoming events and registration for Apple Dubai Mall. Photos from Apple Dubai Mall CategoriesUncategorized TagsUPDATE Post navigation Previous PostPrevious StemCyte renewed strategic partnership with the Neonatal Research Institute at Sharp Mary Birch Hospital for Women & Newborns Next PostNext Apple awards Corning Advanced Manufacturing Fund investment Search Recent Posts Getting Vietnam visa at the Embassy is no longer the only option for France passport holders House Fire in Raintree Subdivision 3 Reasons NVIDIA Stock Could Continue Soaring Apple Dubai Mall opens April 27 “Today at Apple” bringing new experiences to every Apple Store Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Record-Breaking Holiday Season for the App Store CUPERTINO, California — January 6, 2016 — Apple® today announced that customers around the world made this holiday season the biggest ever for the App Store®, setting new records during the weeks of Christmas and New Year’s.  In the two weeks ending January 3, customers spent over $1.1 billion on apps and in-app purchases, setting back-to-back weekly records for traffic and purchases. January 1, 2016 marked the biggest day in App Store history with customers spending over $144 million. It broke the previous single-day record set just a week earlier on Christmas Day. “The App Store had a holiday season for the record books. We are excited that our customers downloaded and enjoyed so many incredible apps for iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV, spending over $20 billion on the App Store last year alone,” said Philip Schiller, Apple’s senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. “We’re grateful to all the developers who have created the most innovative and exciting apps in the world for our customers. We can’t wait for what’s to come in 2016.” Worldwide, the App Store has brought in nearly $40 billion for developers since 2008, with over one-third generated in the last year alone. Largely as a result of the App Store’s success, Apple is now responsible for creating and supporting 1.9 million jobs in the U.S. alone. Nearly three-quarters of those jobs — over 1.4 million — are attributable to the community of app creators, software engineers and entrepreneurs building apps for iOS, as well as non-IT jobs supported directly and indirectly through the app economy.* Apple has previously reported that the iOS app economy has created 1.2 million jobs in Europe and 1.4 million jobs in China. Gaming, Social Networking and Entertainment were among the year’s most popular App Store categories across Apple products, with customers challenging themselves to Minecraft: Pocket Edition, Trivia Crack and Heads Up!, and staying in touch with friends and family using Facebook Messenger, WeChat and Snapchat. Games and subscription apps dominated this year’s top grossing titles including Clash of Clans, Monster Strike, Game of War – Fire Age and Fantasy Westward Journey, as well as Netflix, Hulu and Match. The launch of the all-new Apple TV® and Apple Watch® have paved the way for entirely new app experiences, changing how people consume content through their television and providing useful information at a glance on Apple’s most personal device yet. Since its launch in October, the new Apple TV’s most popular apps include Rayman Adventures, Beat Sports and HBO NOW. Chart-topping apps for Apple Watch owners include fitness apps Nike+ Running and Lifesum, and iTranslate and Citymapper in the Travel category. *Job creation estimate based on research by Dr. Michael Mandel, Progressive Policy Institute. “App Economy Jobs in the United States,” January 6, 2016 Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Press Contacts: Lisa Israel Apple lisrael@apple.com (408) 974-2118 Colin Johnson Apple colin_johnson@apple.com (408) 974-6284   CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple launches app development curriculum for high school and community college students Next PostNext New Music Apps from Apple Transform iOS Devices into Handheld Studios for Songwriters &amp; Beatmakers Search Recent Posts Another Strong Start of Year for ADAMA Trump Pleased With Results of First Overseas Trip Another Strong Start of Year for ADAMA Former Head of Small Business Administration Urges University of La Verne Graduates to Embrace Entrepreneurial Spirit Prof. Narayana Rao KVSS’s Lecture is a Big Hit at the Annual Conference of IISE 2017, held at Pittsburgh, PA, USA. Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Opening Europe’s First iOS App Development Center in Italy ROME — January 21, 2016 — Apple® today announced the creation of Europe’s first iOS App Development Center in Italy, to give students practical skills and training on developing iOS apps for the world’s most innovative and vibrant app ecosystem. The iOS App Development Center, to be located at a partner institution in Naples, will support teachers and provide a specialized curriculum preparing thousands of future developers to be part of Apple’s thriving developer community. In addition, Apple will work with partners around Italy who deliver developer training to complement this curriculum and create additional opportunities for students. Apple expects to expand this program to other countries around the world. “Europe is home to some of the most creative developers in the world and we’re thrilled to be helping the next generation of entrepreneurs in Italy get the skills they need for success,” said Tim Cook, Apple’s CEO. “The phenomenal success of the App Store is one of the driving forces behind the more than 1.4 million jobs Apple has created in Europe and presents unlimited opportunities for people of all ages and businesses of all sizes across the continent.” Apple is a powerful engine of growth across Europe and the company’s ecosystem now supports more than 1.4 million jobs, including 1.2 million attributable to the community of app creators, software engineers and entrepreneurs building apps for iOS, as well as non-IT jobs supported directly and indirectly through the app economy.* The unprecedented growth of the App Store® has helped developers in Europe earn over €10.2 billion from selling their apps around the world. In Italy, over 75,000 jobs are attributable to the App Store and the developer community is vibrant. IK Multimedia launched its first app in 2009 and since then has had over 25 million downloads. Musement, launched in 2013, is now available in seven languages and 300 cities across 50 countries, making it easy for people to book travel and excursions on the go. Roberto Macina, CEO and founder of Qurami, said: “Apple’s continued innovation inspires us to create the best mobile experiences and make our customers’ lives just a little bit easier. Apple’s app ecosystem is the anchor for our business, and developing across Apple’s operating systems has enabled us to easily and quickly bring the Qurami experience to iPhone, iPad and Apple Watch users.” Thousands of companies are expanding because of their work with Apple, which supports hundreds of thousands of jobs in communities large and small across Europe. Milan-based Laboratorio Elettrofisico makes some of the most sophisticated magnetization equipment in the world and their technology enables some of the industry-leading magnetic features found in Apple products. Apple also works with Europe’s leading manufacturers of Micro-Electro-Mechanical Systems, which create tiny components that power some of the incredible sensor and audio technologies found in iOS devices. *Job creation estimate based on research by Dr. Michael Mandel, Progressive Policy Institute. “App Economy Jobs in Europe,” January 21, 2016. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Press Contacts: Alan Hely Apple alanhely@apple.com +44 207 184 1193 Rob Saunders Apple rob_saunders@apple.com +44 207 184 1414   CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious New Music Apps from Apple Transform iOS Devices into Handheld Studios for Songwriters &amp; Beatmakers Next PostNext FY 16 First Quarter Results Conference Call Search Recent Posts Mattis to TAPS Members: ‘You Represent Best of Our Country’ This Is a Test From PR Newswire The Cook Islands Football Association celebrate Pink Shirt day to promote Anti-Bullying. Boink Live Streaming Announces A New Hollywood Full of Stars and Major Advertisers Silicon Valley is trumpeting AI as the cure for the medical industry, but doctors are skeptical Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman FY 16 Second Quarter Results Conference Call WHAT: Apple® FY 16 Second Quarter Results Conference Call WHERE: Via conference call. The dial-in numbers for press are (877) 616-0071 (toll-free) or (816) 581-1577. Please enter confirmation code 988724. WHEN: Tuesday, April 26, 2016, 2:00 p.m. PDT/5:00 p.m. EDT REBROADCAST: The conference call will be available as a continuous rebroadcast beginning Tuesday, April 26 at 5:00 p.m. PDT/8:00 p.m. EDT through Tuesday, May 10 at 5:00 p.m. PDT/8:00 p.m. EDT. The dial-in numbers for the rebroadcast are (888) 203-1112 (toll-free) or (719) 457-0820. Please enter confirmation code 7495552. WEBCAST: Apple will provide live audio streaming of its FY 16 Second Quarter Results Conference Call using Apple’s HTTP Live Streaming (HLS) technology. The live webcast will begin at 2:00 p.m. PDT on April 26, 2016 at www.apple.com/investor/earnings-call/ and will also be available for replay for approximately two weeks thereafter. Live audio streaming requires an iPhone®, iPad® or iPod touch® with Safari® on iOS 7.0 or later, a Mac® with Safari 6.0.5 or later on OS X® v10.8.5 or later, or a PC with Microsoft Edge on Windows 10. This recording is the property of Apple and protected by US copyright law and international treaties. Any reproduction or distribution is strictly prohibited without prior written approval from Apple. Please contact Apple Public Relations or Investor Relations with any questions. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Press Contact: Kristin Huguet Apple khuguet@apple.com (408) 974-2414 CategoriesUncategorized TagsMEDIA ALERT Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Updates MacBook with Latest Processors, Longer Battery Life &amp; New Rose Gold Finish Next PostNext Apple &amp; SAP Partner to Revolutionize Work on iPhone &amp; iPad Search Recent Posts Getting Vietnam visa at the Embassy is no longer the only option for France passport holders House Fire in Raintree Subdivision 3 Reasons NVIDIA Stock Could Continue Soaring Apple Dubai Mall opens April 27 “Today at Apple” bringing new experiences to every Apple Store Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman FY 16 First Quarter Results Conference Call WHAT: Apple® FY 16 First Quarter Results Conference Call WHERE: Via conference call. The dial-in numbers for press are (877) 616-0071 (toll-free) or (816) 581-1577. Please enter confirmation code 482343. WHEN: Tuesday, January 26, 2016 at 2:00 p.m. PST/5:00 p.m. EST REBROADCAST: The conference call will be available as a continuous rebroadcast beginning Tuesday, January 26 at 5:00 p.m. PST/8:00 p.m. EST through Tuesday, February 9 at 5:00 p.m. PST/8:00 p.m. EST. The dial-in numbers for the rebroadcast are (888) 203-1112 (toll-free) or (719) 457-0820. Please enter confirmation code 7349088. WEBCAST: Apple will provide live audio streaming of its FY 16 First Quarter Results Conference Call using Apple’s HTTP Live Streaming (HLS) technology. The live webcast will begin at 2:00 p.m. PST on January 26, 2016 at www.apple.com/investor/earnings-call/ and will also be available for replay for approximately two weeks thereafter. Live audio streaming requires an iPhone®, iPad® or iPod touch® with Safari® on iOS 7.0 or later, a Mac® with Safari 6.0.5 or later on OS X® v10.8.5 or later or a PC with Microsoft Edge on Windows 10. This recording is the property of Apple and protected by US copyright law and international treaties. Any reproduction or distribution is strictly prohibited without prior written approval from Apple. Please contact Apple Public Relations or Investor Relations with any questions. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Press Contact: Kristin Huguet Apple khuguet@apple.com (408) 974-2414   CategoriesUncategorized TagsMEDIA ALERT Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Opening Europe’s First iOS App Development Center in Italy Next PostNext Important Notice for Certain AC Wall Plug Adapters &amp; World Travel Adapter Kit Customers Search Recent Posts Getting Vietnam visa at the Embassy is no longer the only option for France passport holders House Fire in Raintree Subdivision 3 Reasons NVIDIA Stock Could Continue Soaring Apple Dubai Mall opens April 27 “Today at Apple” bringing new experiences to every Apple Store Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Important Notice for Certain AC Wall Plug Adapters &amp; World Travel Adapter Kit Customers CUPERTINO, California — January 28, 2016 — Apple® today announced a voluntary recall of AC wall plug adapters designed for use in Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Continental Europe, New Zealand and South Korea. In very rare cases, affected Apple two-prong wall plug adapters may break and create a risk of electrical shock if touched. These wall plug adapters shipped with Mac® and certain iOS devices between 2003 and 2015 and were also included in the Apple World Travel Adapter Kit. Apple is aware of 12 incidents worldwide. The recall does not affect any other Apple AC wall plug adapters designed for Canada, China, Hong Kong, Japan, United Kingdom, United States or any Apple USB power adapters.   Because customer safety is the company’s top priority, Apple is asking customers to stop using affected plug adapters. Customers should visit www.apple.com/support/ac-wallplug-adapter for details about how to exchange the affected adapters for new, redesigned ones.   An affected two-prong plug adapter has either four or five characters or no characters on the inside slot where it attaches to the main Apple power adapter. Visit the program website for more details on how to identify an affected adapter. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Press Contacts: Colin Smith Apple colins@apple.com (408) 862-1171 Starlayne Meza Apple starlayne@apple.com (408) 974-3391   CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious FY 16 First Quarter Results Conference Call Next PostNext Apple Announces Advancements to ResearchKit Search Recent Posts Another Strong Start of Year for ADAMA Trump Pleased With Results of First Overseas Trip Another Strong Start of Year for ADAMA Former Head of Small Business Administration Urges University of La Verne Graduates to Embrace Entrepreneurial Spirit Prof. Narayana Rao KVSS’s Lecture is a Big Hit at the Annual Conference of IISE 2017, held at Pittsburgh, PA, USA. Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Introduces 9.7-inch iPad Pro CUPERTINO, California — March 21, 2016 — Apple® today introduced the all-new 9.7-inch iPad Pro™— at just under one pound it features a new pro Retina® display with greater brightness, wider color gamut, lower reflectivity, Night Shift™ mode and introduces new True Tone® display technology to dynamically adjust white balance. The new iPad Pro delivers incredible performance with the 64-bit A9X chip that rivals most portable PCs, along with a four-speaker audio system that is twice as powerful,¹ new 12-megapixel iSight® camera for shooting Live Photos™ and 4K video, 5-megapixel FaceTime® HD camera, and faster wireless technologies. And iPad Pro includes support for the breakthrough Apple Pencil™ and a new Smart Keyboard™ cover designed to fit the new 9.7-inch iPad Pro. “iPad Pro is a new generation of iPad that is indispensable and immersive, enabling people to be more productive and more creative. It’s incredibly fast, extremely portable, and completely natural to use with your fingers, Apple Pencil and Smart Keyboard. And now it comes in two sizes,” said Philip Schiller, Apple’s senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. “The 9.7-inch iPad Pro has a new Retina display with True Tone technology, four-speaker audio system, blazing fast A9X chip, 12-megapixel iSight camera, 5-megapixel FaceTime HD camera, faster wireless, and support for Apple Pencil and Smart Keyboard. It is the ultimate upgrade for existing iPad users and replacement for PC users.” Designers, illustrators and businesses have quickly adopted iPad Pro and it’s changing the way they work: “People don’t realize how much hand drawing is needed to produce computer animation,” said John Lasseter, Chief Creative Officer, Pixar and Walt Disney Animation Studios. “iPad Pro and Apple Pencil are the closest we’ve ever been able to get in the digital world to actually drawing on paper.” “I’ve done everything including designing the latest cycling collection on iPad Pro,” said Alex Valdman, Head of Design for Rapha. “It goes with me everywhere, and has not only replaced my laptop, but my paper notebook as well. For the Rapha design team, iPad Pro will become standard issue.” “At Citi, iPad Pro is truly transforming how we work,” said Stephen Gates, U.S. Head of Design for Citi Global Consumer Banking. “iPad Pro and Apple Pencil have played a huge part in the new Citi Design team’s work to create new innovative customer experiences. We use iPad Pro for sketching out new design concepts, presenting our work, answering our emails, working with our design files on Adobe Creative Cloud and participating in FaceTime meetings with our other design teams all over the world.” Pro display The 9.7-inch iPad Pro features advanced display technologies, including a True Tone display, which uses new four-channel sensors to dynamically adjust the white balance of the display to match the light around you for a more natural and accurate, paper-white viewing experience. The advanced Retina display is 25 percent brighter and 40 percent less reflective than iPad Air® 2, making content even easier to see indoors and out. It uses the same wider color gamut as the iMac® with Retina 5K display, delivering 25 percent greater color saturation¹ for more vivid colors. A custom timing controller, photo alignment and oxide TFT deliver incredible color, contrast and clarity. Night Shift in iOS 9.3 uses iPad Pro’s clock and geolocation to automatically adjust the colors in the display to the warmer end of the spectrum after dark and may even help you get a better night’s sleep. Pro performance The new iPad Pro is just 6.1mm thin and weighs just under one pound, yet delivers groundbreaking performance, connectivity and versatility so you can tackle the most demanding tasks wherever you go. The powerful A9X chip with third-generation 64-bit architecture provides performance that rivals many laptops and console-class graphics, while also delivering all-day battery life.² Ultrafast wireless connectivity keeps you connected wherever you go with 802.11ac Wi-Fi with MIMO technology, support for even faster LTE Advanced with up to 50 percent faster cellular connectivity³ and the most LTE bands supported by any tablet.⁴ Now with Apple SIM embedded directly in the new iPad Pro, it’s even easier to connect to wireless data plans right from your device when traveling in more than 100 countries and territories.5 iPad Pro has an advanced 12-megapixel iSight camera sensor featuring Focus Pixels for fast focusing, an Apple-designed image signal processor, advanced noise reduction, third-generation local tone mapping and better face detection, all resulting in sharp, detailed images, 63-megapixel panoramas and Live Photos. A True Tone flash improves low light shots and document scanning. The new iSight camera shoots 4K video, making the new iPad Pro the perfect device to shoot, edit and share pro-quality video. The improved 5-megapixel, front-facing FaceTime HD camera makes the new iPad Pro perfect for videoconferencing or connecting with loved ones. Pro audio The four-speaker audio system provides powerful, clear and rich stereo sound for more than twice the audio output.¹ Built-in sensors automatically adjust and optimize the audio no matter which way you’re using it. iOS 9.3 also adds support for playing video encoded with Dolby Digital Plus audio streams with support for multichannel output using the Apple Lightning® Digital AV Adapter. Pro accessories Apple Pencil and Smart Keyboard, available for purchase separately, bring breakthrough levels of precision and utility to iPad Pro. Advanced sensors in Apple Pencil measure both pressure and tilt for a natural drawing, annotating and note-taking experience. A new Smart Keyboard is custom-designed for the 9.7-inch iPad Pro, offering a thin yet durable keyboard that never needs to be charged or paired over Bluetooth and is easily foldable into a protective Smart Cover®. The new Lightning to SD Card Camera Reader and Lightning to USB 3 Camera Adapter make it easy to download photos and videos from a digital camera to iPad Pro, while a new Lightning to USB-C Cable and Apple’s 29W USB-C Power Adapter enable faster charging. Pricing & Availability The 9.7-inch iPad Pro comes in silver, space gray, gold and a new rose gold metallic finish, and starts at $599 (US) for the 32GB with Wi-Fi model and $729 (US) for the 32GB Wi-Fi + Cellular model. Both iPad Pro sizes are available in offerings of 32GB, 128GB and a new 256GB capacity, the highest of any iOS device. For more information, please visit www.apple.com/ipad.  The 9.7-inch iPad Pro will be available to order beginning Thursday, March 24, from Apple.com, and in Apple’s retail stores, through select carriers and Apple Authorized Resellers on Thursday, March 31, in Australia, Canada, China (Wi-Fi models only), France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, New Zealand, Puerto Rico, Singapore, the UK, US Virgin Islands and the US.  The 9.7-inch iPad Pro will be available in early April in Albania, Anguilla, Antigua and Barbuda, Austria, Belgium, Bosnia, Bulgaria, Cayman Islands, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, El Salvador, Estonia, Finland, Greece, Greenland, Guam, Guatemala, Hungary, Iceland, India, Ireland, Isle of Man, Italy, Kosovo, Latvia, Lichtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Macedonia, Macau (Wi-Fi models only), Monaco, Montenegro, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Russia, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Thailand (Wi-Fi models only), Turkey and UAE. Apple Pencil is available for $99 (US) and Smart Keyboard in charcoal gray for $149 (US). The Polyurethane iPad Pro Smart Cover and Silicone Cases for the 9.7-inch iPad Pro are available for $49 (US) and $69 (US), respectively, in a range of new vibrant colors. The Lightning to SD Card Camera Reader is available for $29 (US), Lightning to USB 3 Camera Adapter for $39 (US), Apple 29W USB-C Power Adapter for $49 (US), Lightning to USB-C Cable (1 m.) for $25 (US) and Lightning to USB-C Cable (2 m.) for $35 (US). Every customer who buys an iPad Pro from Apple will be offered free Personal Setup, in-store or online, to help them customize their iPad Pro by setting up email, showing them new apps from the App Store® and more. Anyone who wants to learn more about the new iPad Pro or iOS 9 can register for the free workshops offered at every Apple Store®.  ¹Over iPad Air 2.  ²Battery life depends on device settings, usage and other factors. Actual results may vary. ³Based on theoretical speeds, actual speeds may vary. ⁴Data plan required. LTE is available in select markets and through select carriers. Speeds vary based on site conditions. For details on LTE support, contact your carrier and see www.apple.com/ipad/LTE. 5Embedded Apple SIM in iPad Pro (9.7-inch) may be disabled when purchased from some carriers. See your carrier for details. Apple SIM and embedded Apple SIM not available in China. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Additional Content: Press Contacts: Ryan James Apple ryanj@apple.com (408) 862-5585 Andy Bowman Apple abowman@apple.com (408) 783-0619   CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Announces Advancements to ResearchKit Next PostNext Apple Introduces iPhone SE — The Most Powerful Phone with a Four-inch Display Search Recent Posts EQUITY ALERT: Rosen Law Firm Files Securities Class Action Lawsuit Against General Motors Company – GM EQUITY ALERT: Rosen Law Firm Files Securities Class Action Lawsuit Against General Motors Company – GM Getting Vietnam visa at the Embassy is no longer the only option for France passport holders House Fire in Raintree Subdivision 3 Reasons NVIDIA Stock Could Continue Soaring Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Introduces iPhone SE — The Most Powerful Phone with a Four-inch Display CUPERTINO, California — March 21, 2016 — Apple® today introduced iPhone® SE, the most powerful phone with a four-inch display, in a beloved compact aluminum design that has been updated with matte-chamfered edges, a color-matched stainless steel Apple logo, and four gorgeous metallic finishes, including rose gold. iPhone SE offers exceptional performance with the same 64-bit A9 chip offered in iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus for blazing fast speeds, longer battery life, faster wireless, a 12-megapixel iSight® camera featuring Live Photos™ and 4K video, and Touch ID® with Apple Pay®. “iPhone SE is an exciting new idea — we started with a beloved, iconic design and reinvented it from the inside out. The result is the most beautiful and powerful phone with a four-inch display in the world,” said Philip Schiller, Apple’s senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. “iPhone SE is packed with a stunning four-inch Retina display, advanced 64-bit A9 chip with M9 motion co-processor, longer battery life, 12-megapixel iSight camera with True Tone flash, Live Photos, 4K video, faster LTE and Wi-Fi, and Touch ID with Apple Pay. Everyone who wants a smaller phone is going to love iPhone SE.” The Most Powerful Phone with a Four-inch Display iPhone SE takes a beloved iPhone design and reinvents it from the inside out, giving customers a powerful, full-featured iPhone no matter which model they choose. The 64-bit A9 chip, introduced in iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, offers iPhone SE customers two times faster CPU and three times faster GPU performance compared to iPhone 5s, all with gains in energy efficiency for improved battery life. M9, Apple’s next-generation motion coprocessor, is integrated into A9 allowing more features to run all the time at lower power, including “Hey Siri” without having to pick up your iPhone, and a range of fitness tracking capabilities like measuring your steps and distance. iPhone SE users can browse, download and stream content even faster with Wi-Fi up to three times and LTE up to 50 percent faster than iPhone 5s.* iPhone SE also includes more LTE bands for better worldwide roaming and supports Voice over LTE and Wi-Fi calling for high-quality wideband calls. With an easy-to-use interface, amazing features, and security at its core, iOS 9 is the foundation of iPhone SE and brings powerful built-in apps like Messages, FaceTime®, Photos, Music and Maps to iPhone users. iOS 9 also brings more intelligence to iPhone SE with proactive assistance, powerful search, improved Siri® features, and a new Night Shift™ feature that uses your iPhone SE’s clock and geolocation to automatically adjust the colors in the display to the warmer end of the spectrum after dark and may even help you get a better night’s sleep. All of these innovations are packed into a light and compact phone designed to fit comfortably in your hand, crafted from bead-blasted aluminum for a satin-like finish, refined matte-chamfered edges, a new color-matched stainless steel inset Apple logo and a brilliant four-inch Retina® display. The World’s Most Popular Camera iPhone SE has an advanced 12-megapixel iSight camera featuring Focus Pixel technology for fast focusing, an Apple-designed image signal processor, advanced noise reduction, third-generation local tone mapping and better face detection, all resulting in sharper, more detailed photos like the ones shot on iPhone 6s. With Live Photos on iPhone SE, customers can go beyond snapshots to capture moments in motion and relive unforgettable memories with sound. Live Photos are beautiful 12-megapixel photos that, with just a touch, reveal the moments immediately before and after the shot was taken, so users can enjoy a living memory rather than an instant frozen in time. Additional camera advancements include: The ability to shoot HD video with support for 4K at a resolution of 3840 x 2160. After capturing 4K video, customers can edit on a Mac®, PC or iPad®, and with the latest version of iMovie® on iPhone, can even edit two simultaneous streams of 4K on iPhone SE. Retina Flash, which momentarily makes the display three times brighter with True Tone® lighting technology, for wonderfully bright selfies in low light with the FaceTime HD camera. Features introduced with iPhone 6s, including up to 63-megapixel panorama photos, video capture up to 60fps for 1080p video and 240fps for slo-mo, time-lapse with video stabilization and cinematic video stabilization. Pricing & Availability iPhone SE will be available in space gray, silver, gold and rose gold metallic finishes in 16GB and 64GB models starting at $399 (US) from Apple’s retail stores, Apple.com, Apple Authorized Resellers and select carriers, or for 24 monthly payments starting at $17 (US) exclusively at Apple’s retail stores in the US.** As part of the newly-announced Trade Up with Installments program at Apple stores in the US, customers can also purchase iPhone SE for as low as $10/month for 24 months.*** Customers in Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, New Zealand, Puerto Rico, Singapore, the UK, US Virgin Islands and the US will be able to order iPhone SE beginning Thursday, March 24, with availability beginning Thursday, March 31. iPhone SE will be available in early April in Albania, Andorra, Austria, Bahrain, Belgium, Bosnia, Bulgaria, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, Greece, Guernsey, Jersey, Hungary, Iceland, India, Ireland, Isle of Man, Italy, Kosovo, Kuwait, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Macedonia, Maldives, Malta, Monaco, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan, Turkey and UAE. Apple-designed accessories including leather cases in black and midnight blue will be available for $39 (US), and Lightning® Docks in color-matched metallic finishes are currently available from Apple’s retail stores and Apple.com for $49 (US). Every customer who buys iPhone SE from Apple will be offered free Personal Setup, in-store or online, to help them customize their iPhone by setting up email, showing them new apps from the App Store® and more. Anyone who wants to learn more about iPhone SE or iOS 9 can register for the free workshops offered at every Apple Store®.  * Data plan required. LTE is available in select markets and through select carriers. Speeds vary based on site conditions and carrier. For details on LTE support, contact your carrier and see www.apple.com/iphone/LTE. ** Prices are rounded to nearest dollar and are based on 24 monthly installment payments. Qualified customers only with eligible credit card. Two-year loan required. First installment payment, full taxes and activation fees may be due at sale. Carrier terms and other terms and eligibility may apply. *** Prices are rounded to nearest dollar and are based on 24 monthly installment payments. Requires trade-in of iPhone 5s in full working condition. Trade-in values and monthly pricing for devices will vary based on the condition and model of your smartphone trade-in. Trade Up with Installments is only available to qualified US customers with eligible credit card. Two-year loan required. First installment payment and full taxes due at sale. Full terms apply. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Additional Content: • Images • Video Press Contacts: Alex Kirschner Apple alexkirschner@apple.com (408) 974-2479 Teresa Brewer Apple tbrewer@apple.com (408) 974-6851 CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Introduces 9.7-inch iPad Pro Next PostNext Apple’s Worldwide Developers Conference Kicks Off June 13 in San Francisco Search Recent Posts New Children’s Labrador Dog Story Book by Susan Mason Launches Next Monday Red flag hoisted at Clear Water Bay Second Beach Special traffic arrangements for race meeting in Sha Tin Lifesaving services at Clear Water Bay Second Beach resumes Takeda va présenter un portefeuille élargi de produits oncologiques, via des présentations de données lors des prochaines réunions médicales Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple’s Worldwide Developers Conference Kicks Off June 13 in San Francisco CUPERTINO, California — April 18, 2016 — Apple® today announced that it will hold its 27th annual Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC), hosting the creative talent behind the world’s most innovative apps, from June 13 through 17 in San Francisco. At WWDC, Apple’s developer community comes together from all corners of the globe to learn about the future of Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X®, watchOS® and tvOS™. Monday’s kickoff events, including the keynote address, will be held at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium. The rest of the week’s conference sessions will take place at Moscone West.  “With four innovative operating systems and a new, intuitive programming language powering over 1 billion devices worldwide, there has never been a more exciting time to bring our developer community together,” said Philip Schiller, Apple’s senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. “WWDC 2016 is going to be a landmark event for developers who are coding in Swift, and building apps and products for iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS. We can’t wait for everyone to join us — in San Francisco or through the live stream.” Developers can apply for tickets via the WWDC website (developer.apple.com/wwdc/register/) now through Friday, April 22 at 10:00 a.m. PDT. Tickets will be issued to attendees through a random selection process, and developers will be notified on the status of their application by Monday, April 25 at 5:00 p.m. PDT. For the second consecutive year, there will be up to 350 WWDC Scholarships available, giving students and STEM organization members from around the world an opportunity to earn a ticket to meet and collaborate with some of the most talented developers of Apple’s ever-growing app ecosystem (developer.apple.com/wwdc/scholarships/). Additionally, this year, we will provide travel assistance to up to 125 scholarship recipients to ensure aspiring developers with financial limitations have an opportunity to participate.  WWDC 2016 activities include: over 1,000 Apple engineers supporting more than 150 hands-on labs and events to provide developers with code-level assistance, insight into optimal development techniques and guidance on how they can make the most of iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS technologies in their apps; access to the latest innovations, features and capabilities of iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS, and best practices for enhancing an app’s functionality, performance, quality and design; the opportunity to connect with thousands of fellow iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS developers from around the world — last year, 80 percent of developers attended for their first time, and in total, more than 70 countries were represented;  a series of get-togethers for attendees focused on particular topics with special guest speakers and activities; engaging and inspirational lunchtime sessions with trailblazers and influencers from the worlds of technology, science and entertainment; and the Apple Design Awards which recognize iPhone®, iPad®, Apple Watch®, Apple TV® and Mac® apps that demonstrate technical excellence, innovation and outstanding design. Worldwide Developers Conference sessions will be streamed live throughout the week via the WWDC website (developer.apple.com/wwdc/live/) and through the WWDC app, giving developers around the world access to the week’s news and events. Visit the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference 2016 website (developer.apple.com/wwdc/register/) to apply for a ticket, as well as for updates and more information. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Press Contacts: Lisa Israel  Apple lisrael@apple.com (408) 974-2118 Christine Monaghan  Apple cmonaghan@apple.com (408) 974-8850 CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Introduces iPhone SE — The Most Powerful Phone with a Four-inch Display Next PostNext FY 16 Second Quarter Results Conference Call Search Recent Posts New Children’s Labrador Dog Story Book by Susan Mason Launches Next Monday Red flag hoisted at Clear Water Bay Second Beach Special traffic arrangements for race meeting in Sha Tin Lifesaving services at Clear Water Bay Second Beach resumes Takeda va présenter un portefeuille élargi de produits oncologiques, via des présentations de données lors des prochaines réunions médicales Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Announces New iOS App Design and Development Accelerator in Bengaluru MUMBAI, India — May 18, 2016 — Apple® today announced a new initiative to support engineering talent and accelerate growth in India’s iOS developer community. The company will establish a Design and Development Accelerator in Bengaluru, the home of India’s startup scene. Tens of thousands of developers in India make apps for iOS, the world’s most powerful mobile operating system and the foundation for iPhone®, iPad® and iPod touch®. This initiative will provide additional, specialized support for them. Apple’s team will work to inspire and instruct developers on best practices, help them hone their skills and transform the design, quality and performance of their apps on the iOS platform. “India is home to one of the most vibrant and entrepreneurial iOS development communities in the world,” said Tim Cook, Apple’s CEO. “With the opening of this new facility in Bengaluru, we’re giving developers access to tools which will help them create innovative apps for customers around the world.” Each week, Apple experts will lead briefings and provide one-on-one app reviews for developers. The facility will also provide support and guidance on Swift™, Apple’s powerful and intuitive programming language created to build apps for iOS, Mac®, Apple TV® and Apple Watch®. Swift enables developers to write safer, more reliable code, save time and create richer app experiences. A recent report by developer placement firm Toptal shows jobs requesting Swift rose 600 percent in 2015. Bengaluru is now home to more technology startups than any other part of India. Over one million people in the city work in the tech sector, and over 40 percent of graduates from local universities specialize in engineering or information technology. “This is a huge vote of confidence in India’s developer community and a tremendous opportunity to gain world-class design and development expertise,” said Zomato CEO Deepinder Goyal. “Apple’s support will help drive growth and accelerate progress among the country’s vast talent pool.” “We have worked closely with Apple to transform the Snapdeal app and offer our users the best possible experience,” said Snapdeal co-founder and CEO Kunal Bahl. “Apple’s expert guidance on the interface and user experience has helped us build an app that our consumers love. We are thrilled Apple will have a local presence which will amplify our efforts to develop more high-quality apps for our digital commerce ecosystem.” “Apple’s investment in Bengaluru through its iOS Development Accelerator will have far-reaching effects for the area’s rapidly growing and highly talented developer community,” said NASSCOM President R Chandrashekhar. “The skills and training they gain through this effort will significantly improve their app design and help them reach a broader market. Initiatives like these move the country forward in our efforts to advance a growth-led and sustainable technology sector.” The iOS App Design and Development Accelerator is expected to open in early 2017. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Press Contacts: Katrina Tran Apple katrina_tran@apple.com +65 6480 4793 Anand Baskaran Apple abaskaran@apple.com +91 98450 28508   CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple &amp; SAP Partner to Revolutionize Work on iPhone &amp; iPad Next PostNext Apple Opens Development Office in Hyderabad Search Recent Posts New Children’s Labrador Dog Story Book by Susan Mason Launches Next Monday Red flag hoisted at Clear Water Bay Second Beach Special traffic arrangements for race meeting in Sha Tin Lifesaving services at Clear Water Bay Second Beach resumes Takeda va présenter un portefeuille élargi de produits oncologiques, via des présentations de données lors des prochaines réunions médicales Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Celebrates Chinese Music with GarageBand Update BEIJING — May 17, 2016 — Apple® today announced an update to GarageBand® that celebrates the rich history of Chinese music with new instruments and extensive Chinese language localization throughout the app. Building on GarageBand’s extensive collection of sounds, this update adds traditional Chinese instruments — the pipa, erhu and Chinese percussion — along with 300 Apple-created Chinese musical loops, giving users the power to tap into their creativity and make beautiful Chinese-inspired music right on their iOS device or Mac®. GarageBand for iOS users also get two new Chinese templates for Live Loops, and new sharing options to popular Chinese social networks, so they can easily share their music creations with friends and followers across QQ and Youku.  “GarageBand is the most popular music creation app in the world and we’re excited to introduce these new features that incorporate the rich history of traditional Chinese music,” said Susan Prescott, Apple’s vice president of Product Marketing. “By adding classic Chinese instruments and new Live Loop templates, the new GarageBand app makes it fun and easy to make Chinese-inspired music right on your iPhone, iPad or Mac.” “As a musician I’m always looking for ways to take my music in new directions and GarageBand has been such a great tool for me to experiment and add new elements to my songs on-the-go,” said award-winning music artist JJ Lin. “I love how the latest update to GarageBand adds traditional Chinese instruments along with brand new loops so I can play around with mixing traditional and modern sounds to create completely new styles.” The pipa, erhu and Chinese percussion instruments in GarageBand can be played on iPhone® or iPad® using Multi-Touch™, and on Mac through the built-in Musical Typing feature or by connecting a third-party USB music keyboard. Each instrument includes different playing articulations, including rapid picking and note bend for pipa, and trill, grace note and glissando for erhu, making it incredibly easy for a novice to create a realistic and expressive performance. iPhone users can also use 3D Touch™ with the erhu and pipa to dynamically control vibrato and intensity, and both the pipa and erhu include Autoplay, letting users tap on any chord and get a complete, rich performance. Users can also play a collection of Chinese percussion instruments including drums, wood blocks, cymbals and gongs. This update adds 300 Apple-created loops from a variety of instruments and styles, including guzheng, dizi, yangqin and Peking Opera, to the library of Chinese musical content in the app. These loops can be mixed and matched with Chinese instruments in GarageBand to create traditional music or entirely new styles. GarageBand for iOS also supports Live Loops, a new and intuitive way to create music by simply tapping cells and columns in a highly visual grid to trigger different looped instruments and samples. And, Live Loops in this update adds two new Chinese Live Loops grid templates, one traditional and one modern, showcasing a variety of Chinese instruments and percussion that are all playable via the Live Loops grid.  Chinese localization is also significantly enhanced across the entire app, with all sounds, loops and instruments now translated to Simplified Chinese or Traditional Chinese. Pricing & Availability  Today’s GarageBand 2.1.1 for iOS and GarageBand 10.1.2 for Mac updates are free for all existing users, and GarageBand is available for free with all new iOS and Mac devices. Customers with older, non-qualifying devices can purchase the app for $4.99 via the App Store® and Mac App Store. Users in Greater China will see these new features by default on iOS and OS X® after updating. Outside of Greater China, these new features are visible by default on OS X and can be enabled on iOS devices in the advanced settings menu. For more information about GarageBand for iOS, visit www.apple.com/ios/garageband and for more information about GarageBand for Mac, visit www.apple.com/mac/garageband. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Press Contacts: Colin Smith Apple colins@apple.com (408) 862-1171 Starlayne Meza Apple starlayne@apple.com (408) 974-3391 CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple &amp; SAP Partner to Revolutionize Work on iPhone &amp; iPad Next PostNext Apple Opens Development Office in Hyderabad Search Recent Posts New Children’s Labrador Dog Story Book by Susan Mason Launches Next Monday Red flag hoisted at Clear Water Bay Second Beach Special traffic arrangements for race meeting in Sha Tin Lifesaving services at Clear Water Bay Second Beach resumes Takeda va présenter un portefeuille élargi de produits oncologiques, via des présentations de données lors des prochaines réunions médicales Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Union Square Highlights New Design Elements, Community Programs SAN FRANCISCO — May 19, 2016 — Apple® today revealed its new store on San Francisco’s Union Square, offering many new features and services rolling out to Apple retail stores worldwide. The new store will open its signature 42-foot tall sliding glass doors to customers on Saturday, May 21 at 10 a.m.  “Fifteen years ago today Apple opened its first two stores and we’re thrilled to mark the occasion with the opening of Apple Union Square in San Francisco,” said Angela Ahrendts, Apple’s senior vice president of Retail and Online Stores. “We are not just evolving our store design, but its purpose and greater role in the community as we educate and entertain visitors and serve our network of local entrepreneurs.”  Apple Union Square’s glass doors open the store to Post Street and Union Square. The building’s unique position connects San Francisco’s most famous square to a rejuvenated plaza to the north, creating a beautiful gathering place for the community. The art-filled plaza offers seating, public Wi-Fi, a 50-foot tall “green wall” and regular acoustic performances. The store is powered by 100 percent renewable energy, including power produced by photovoltaic panels integrated into the building’s roof. “We have a deep commitment to the cities we work in, and are aware of the importance that architecture plays in the community,” said Jonathan Ive, Apple’s chief design officer. “It all starts with the storefront — taking transparency to a whole new level — where the building blends the inside and the outside, breaking down barriers and making it more egalitarian and accessible.”  Features in the new Apple Union Square design include: “The Avenue,” inspired by the window displays along a boulevard that dynamically change with the season. Avenue walls are interactive themed “windows” where Apple’s products and services come to life, from music, to creativity, apps, photography and more. New “Creative Pros,” Apple experts in creative arts, offer advice and expertise at each of the displays. Customers will also find “Only at Apple” products on the Avenue, a curated collection of third-party accessories. “Genius Grove” invites customers to get support working side-by-side with Geniuses under the comfortable canopy of local trees in the heart of the store. “The Forum” is a vibrant gathering place, centered around a 6K Video Wall. It is home to “Today at Apple,” which brings to the community the world’s most talented artists, photographers, musicians, gamers, developers and entrepreneurs to inspire and educate our customers to go further with the things they are passionate about. Today at Apple includes year-round programs for kids, new monthly events for teachers, sessions for current and aspiring developers, Creative Sessions in partnership with local experts in creative arts, Game Night with editors from Apple’s App Store® and more. The Forum and Video Wall are a place of discovery, including events about the making of movies from iTunes®, or exclusive premieres of new music and music videos from Apple Music™.  “The Plaza” will be found only at Apple’s most significant stores, including Apple Union Square. It’s open to the public 24 hours a day, features public Wi-Fi and seating, and takes Today at Apple outside, with a regular weekend series of well known local acoustic performances such as Travis Hayes and global talents like Escondido, who will then give exclusive interviews about their craft in the Forum. The Plaza at Apple Union Square features a fountain by well-known San Francisco sculptor Ruth Asawa, originally commissioned in 1969, and a new work, “Love” by local artist Laura Kimpton, commissioned by Hyatt Hotels.  “The Boardroom” is an intimate space where the store’s Business Team offers hands-on advice and training to entrepreneurs, developers and other small and medium business customers. Apple’s original San Francisco store opened on Stockton Street in 2004 with about 100 employees. Having welcomed more than 20 million visitors, and seen the launch of iPhone®, iPad®, MacBook Air®, Apple TV®, Apple Watch® and more, the team moving to Apple Union Square has grown to more than 350.  While the store offers regular learning experiences in the Forum and Plaza, Apple is also committed to furthering creative arts education throughout San Francisco. Apple is working with the Ruth Asawa School of the Arts to build a visual arts lab with 45 workstations outfitted with the latest Apple products.  Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Press Contacts: Amy Bessette Apple abessette@apple.com (408) 862-8012 Nick Leahy Apple nleahy@apple.com (408) 862-5012 CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Opens Development Office in Hyderabad Next PostNext Swift Playgrounds app makes learning to code easy and fun Search Recent Posts Another Strong Start of Year for ADAMA Trump Pleased With Results of First Overseas Trip Another Strong Start of Year for ADAMA Former Head of Small Business Administration Urges University of La Verne Graduates to Embrace Entrepreneurial Spirit Prof. Narayana Rao KVSS’s Lecture is a Big Hit at the Annual Conference of IISE 2017, held at Pittsburgh, PA, USA. Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Opens Development Office in Hyderabad HYDERABAD, India — May 19, 2016 — Apple® today announced the opening of a new office in Hyderabad that will focus on development of Maps for Apple products, including iPhone®, iPad®, Mac® and Apple Watch®. This investment will accelerate Maps development and create up to 4,000 jobs. “Apple is focused on making the best products and services in the world and we are thrilled to open this new office in Hyderabad which will focus on Maps development,” said Tim Cook, Apple’s CEO. “The talent here in the local area is incredible and we are looking forward to expanding our relationships and introducing more universities and partners to our platforms as we scale our operations.” Apple has been continually updating and adding new features to Maps, including 3D views, the Flyover® feature and tools to help customers find convenient places to shop, eat and explore nearby areas. With iOS 9 Apple added Transit, offering a combination of trains, subways, buses and walking, which is already available for more than 300 cities around the world. The new facility, located on the Waverock campus, will provide a world-class, LEED-certified home for the expanding Maps team. “We are honored Apple chose Hyderabad as a home for its Maps development office,” said Telangana Chief Minister Kalvakuntla Chandrashekar Rao. “This will create thousands of jobs here and is a testament to our proactive approach, quality infrastructure and the excellent talent base we have in the region.” “Apple is one of the most innovative companies in the world and we are very proud they chose us to partner with for this important project,” said Anup Jindal, RMSI’s CEO. “We are experts in geospatial data and we will be hiring thousands of people from the local area to support this effort.” Across India, Apple supports over 640,000 iOS app developer jobs and other positions related to the iOS ecosystem. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Press Contacts: Katrina Tran Apple katrina_tran@apple.com +65 6480 4793 Anand Baskaran Apple abaskaran@apple.com +91 98450 28508   CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Announces New iOS App Design and Development Accelerator in Bengaluru Next PostNext Apple Union Square Highlights New Design Elements, Community Programs Search Recent Posts Another Strong Start of Year for ADAMA Trump Pleased With Results of First Overseas Trip Another Strong Start of Year for ADAMA Former Head of Small Business Administration Urges University of La Verne Graduates to Embrace Entrepreneurial Spirit Prof. Narayana Rao KVSS’s Lecture is a Big Hit at the Annual Conference of IISE 2017, held at Pittsburgh, PA, USA. Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple TV gets new Siri capabilities and single sign-on San Francisco — Apple today announced powerful new Siri capabilities, single sign-on for Apple TV and many more great new features for users, making the entertainment experience in the living room even better. With expanded Siri capabilities, including searching across even more apps, YouTube search, topic search and tuning right into more live channels, customers can get to their favorite content even faster. The future of TV is apps, and with single sign-on customers can authenticate all the video channels from their pay-TV providers by simply signing in once to enjoy all of their network-TV apps. “The future of TV is apps, and Siri on Apple TV has changed the way we interact with our television and these expanded features will continue to deliver viewers what they want to watch even faster,” said Eddy Cue, Apple’s senior vice president of Internet Software and Services. “There are over 6,000 apps to enjoy on your Apple TV including over 1,300 video channels, which are even more fun to watch with the new Siri features combined with single sign-on.” CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Swift Playgrounds app makes learning to code easy and fun Next PostNext EUMETSAT and China National Space Administration sign framework agreement Search Recent Posts Another Strong Start of Year for ADAMA Trump Pleased With Results of First Overseas Trip Another Strong Start of Year for ADAMA Former Head of Small Business Administration Urges University of La Verne Graduates to Embrace Entrepreneurial Spirit Prof. Narayana Rao KVSS’s Lecture is a Big Hit at the Annual Conference of IISE 2017, held at Pittsburgh, PA, USA. Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Swift Playgrounds app makes learning to code easy and fun A preview release of Swift Playgrounds is available today to Apple Developer Program members as part of the iOS 10 developer preview and will be available with the iOS 10 public beta in July. The final version of Swift Playgrounds will be available in the App Store for free this fall. Swift Playgrounds is compatible with all iPad Air and iPad Pro models and iPad mini 2 and later running iOS 10. For more information including videos, images and demos, visit, apple.com/swift/playgrounds. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious News Next PostNext Apple TV gets new Siri capabilities and single sign-on Search Recent Posts Another Strong Start of Year for ADAMA Trump Pleased With Results of First Overseas Trip Another Strong Start of Year for ADAMA Former Head of Small Business Administration Urges University of La Verne Graduates to Embrace Entrepreneurial Spirit Prof. Narayana Rao KVSS’s Lecture is a Big Hit at the Annual Conference of IISE 2017, held at Pittsburgh, PA, USA. Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
UPROXX News Sections Main The Power Of Activism How We Bring About Change The Intercept Fearless, Adversarial Journalism Featured News Russia Is On TV, But Health Care Was The Central Issue In Montana’s Election News The Man Who Funded A Conspiracy Theory About A Murdered DNC Staffer Has Ties To Steve Bannon Entertainment Sections TV Movies Hitfix Where Entertainment Fandom Lives What's Alan Watching Inside Television with Alan Sepinwall Gaming Web Culture Featured Movies Director Patty Jenkins On Why ‘Wonder Woman’ Is The New Superman Sepinwall ‘Fargo’ Takes A Major Turn With ‘The Lord Of No Mercy’ Music Sections Main RealTalk Hip-Hop on UPROXX Uncharted Discovering New Artists Before They Chart Featured RealTalk Chance The Rapper Brings The Love At Boston Calling Day One RealTalk On Their New EP ‘Sufi La,’ Swet Shop Boys Combine The Best Of Two Cultures Sports Sections Main Dime NBA on UPROXX With Spandex Pro Wrestling on UPROXX Brawler MMA on UPROXX -- coming soon Featured DimeMag LeBron’s Always Been On A Crusade To Be More Than ‘Just A Scorer’ ProWrestling The Best And Worst Of WCW Bash At The Beach 1997 Life & Discovery Sections Main Food & Drink Smart and fresh, never basic Travel & Adventure Explore The World You Are Inheriting Health Lifehack Your Body and Soul Featured Life How One Chef Is Fighting On The Front Lines For Food Equality Life How Tech And Fashion Are Combining To Disrupt The Status Quo For The Better Video Featured Estelle’s New Collaborator — Zambian/Australian Rapper Sampa The Great — Will Live Up To Her Name These Stylists Are Taking A Surprising Role In Fighting Domestic Abuse Pop Brixton Is A Community Space That Is Trying To Change The Notion That Gentrification Is Bad See More... Search for: About About Corporate Privacy Terms Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Get UPROXX Everywhere. Follow @UPROXX Follow UPROXX Member Sign Up Sign In The iPhone 8 Is Reportedly Ditching One Of Its Most Useful Design Features Dan Seitz Senior Contributor 05.26.17 3 Comments Facebook Twitter EMAIL Jordan McQueen/Unsplash Ever since there’s been an iPhone, there’s been a home button. But, apparently, no longer. Or, at least, not a physical one. Digitimes is reporting that Apple has licked the rumored problems with the fingerprint sensor, and it doesn’t involve putting it on the back. Instead, they’ve embedded it in the screen, so now you can scan your finger and continue not using Apple Pay. There will probably be a “home” button of sorts, but it’ll be on the screen, and exist as software, as opposed to a clickable button. It’s an interesting, if perhaps inevitable step, as Apple wants a smooth sheet of glass, instead of all those gross buttons and ports. But it does raise the question of what happens if the screen is damaged or otherwise refuses to work. The Home button being a physical thing was something of a fail-safe to ensure you could still use your phone even if your screen was cracked, so what happens when that’s off the table? The designs we’ve seen do have buttons, of course, so they might fill in, or the Home button may still wind up on the side. For now, though, Apple’s goal of a buttonless, portless phone proceeds apace. (Via BGR) Share This Facebook Twitter EMAIL Around The Web TAGSAPPLEApple iPhoneiphone 8 Join The Discussion: Log In With Sign In With Facebook Sign In With Twitter Sign In With Email Profile By: Dan Seitz 05.26.2017 @ 1:46 PM "The iPhone 8 Is Reportedly Ditching One Of Its Most Useful Design Features" Profile By: Iron Mike Sharpie 05.26.2017 @ 2:20 PM Anyone who ends up with a cracked screen deserves to be mocked for choosing to not get a fucking Otter Box like every other logical person who understands that you don’t walk around with an entirely unprotected thousand dollar phone, FFS. Profile By: illdillusions 05.26.2017 @ 5:29 PM The irony is actually quite ridiculous. Profile By: left_coast_guy 05.26.2017 @ 5:40 PM Its like $60 to fix…..if you’re irresponsible enough to manage to break it Cancel reply View all comments Innovative Minds This Scientist Combs Our Universe To Find Life Among The Stars Allison Sanchez 05.25.17 3 days ago This Simple Water Bottle Innovation Just Might Save Your Life Someday Allison Sanchez 05.24.17 3 days ago How Science And Technology Can Save Lives, One App At A Time Dan Seitz 05.22.17 5 days ago The Young CEOs Of Cobalt Robotics Are Making Robot Security Guards A Reality Allison Sanchez 05.22.17 6 days ago What Science Is Doing To Bring Us The Future We Were Promised Mark Shrayber 05.19.17 1 week ago How One Company Is Using Virtual Reality To Inspire Exploration Of Remote Areas Zach Johnston 05.17.17 2 weeks ago UPROXX Job at Uproxx Contact Advertising About UPROXX Privacy Policy Staff Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Daily Express The Express Tribune Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live Sunday, 28 May 2017 Subscribe Express News The Express Tribune Web Chutney Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live RSS Today's Paper Subscribe beta 2.1 Sunday, 28 May 2017 Today's Paper Advertise Home Pakistan Business Tech Videos World Opinion Life & Style Sports T.Edit Blogs Jobs Classifieds Labs Events The Express Tribune > Business   Apple opens store in Southeast Asia Share Tweet Apple opens store in Southeast Asia Apple opened its first store in Singap­ore on Saturd­ay By AFP Published: May 28, 2017 0SHARES Share Tweet Email Apple opened its first store in Singapore on Saturday . PHOTO: REUTERS SINGAPORE: Apple opened its first Southeast Asia store in Singapore on Saturday, drawing hundreds of excited fans to the swanky two-storey site in the city’s upmarket shopping district. Located on the affluent Orchard Road, the new shop-easily distinguished by its iconic glass façade, and is expected to be one of the most popular Apple stores in the world according to the US tech giant. Merchandise such as the iPhone and MacBook were strategically placed on display across the spacious first floor, while the upper level acted as a classroom for customers to participate in hands-on sessions. Hundreds of shoppers camped out in anticipation of the launch, while more than a thousand thronged the store soon after the doors opened, an AFP reporter observed. Published in The Express Tribune, May 28th, 2017. Like Business on Facebook, follow @TribuneBiz on Twitter to stay informed and join in the conversation. Read more: Apple Store , Southeast Asia Read full story Recommended Stories Huawei launches MateBook X laptop to dethrone Apple’s MacBook The new device starts at $1,300 iPhone 8 will have 'Touch ID integrated into display' Apple has been trying to integrate fingerprint sensors directly into screens since June 2015 Android creator teases upcoming smartphone The new smartphone is expected to be unveiled next week Facebook Conversations Leave Your Reply Below Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Email Location Your comments may appear in The Express Tribune paper. For this reason we encourage you to provide your city. The Express Tribune does not bear any responsibility for user comments. Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Comments are moderated and generally will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive. For more information, please see our Comments FAQ. Most Read 1 10 sehri meals to keep your energy level high during Ramazan 2 How Imran Khan stays fit during Ramazan 3 Osama Bin Laden's wife opens up for first time about night he was killed 4 'India won’t allow IoK to be part of CPEC' 5 Congressman urges Trump to consider resuming airstrikes in Pakistan 6 Punjab govt's 'Sahiwal power plant' pictures stir controversy 7 Pakistan left with limited options in Saudi-led Islamic military alliance 8 Priyanka Chopra still wears her ex-boyfriend's hoody and we can't help but relate 9 Ramazan moon not sighted, fasting month to commence from Sunday 10 Karachi hit by major power breakdown Connect With Tribune News Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Get news delivered to your inbox Your Email Address Great! You'll get your first email soon. Recent Slideshows Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (May 2017) Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (April 2017) Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (March 2017) Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (February 2017) © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] Pakistan Sindh Punjab Balochistan KP & FATA Jammu & Kashmir Gilgit Baltistan Life & Style Books Music TV & Film Fashion Food Gossip Videos Slideshows Videos Opinion Editorial Letters Business World Sports Magazine Others About us Online Advertising RSS Feeds Google+ Subscribe to the Paper Contact us Careers Style Guide Privacy Policy Copyrights Code of ethics Mobile App This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, redistributed or derived from. Unless otherwise stated, all content is copyrighted © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] facebook twitter whatsapp
Go Search Go Contents Go to bottom site map N. Korea steps up attacks on Park amid signs of diplomacy Latest News Park says S. Korea, U.S. won't tolerate N. Korean provocations Pause Prev Next Search Search Area Search 2013-05-09 (Thursday) Weather 22.8℃Chuncheon 2subscribebuttonsubscribebutton Facebook Twitter Rss Global Navigation HOME NATIONAL Politics/Diplomacy Society NORTH KOREA BUSINESS Industry Economy Market Tech/Science CULTURE/SPORTS Culture Sports KOREAN WAVE K-Wave News K-Wave Photos K-Wave Videos PHOTOS All N. Korea FOCUS Select Language ALL HEADLINES All Headlines (LEAD) Samsung's Galaxy S8 to hit shelves in Japan next month 2017/05/28 13:26 Article View Option Print Enlarge Reduce SNS Share Facebook Twitter google plus Pinterest Linked in Tumblr Reddit Facebook Messenger More (ATTN: ADDS the tally of Galaxy S8 sales in S. Korea in last 5 paras) SEOUL, May 28 (Yonhap) -- Samsung Electronics Co. said Sunday it will release its flagship Galaxy S8 smartphones in Japan next month in hopes that they will help revitalize its brand reputation tainted by the ill-fated Galaxy Note 7 and expand its presence in one of Asia's largest markets currently dominated by Apple Inc. The South Korean tech giant will hold a series of promotion events in Japan for the Galaxy S8 and the Galaxy S8 Plus. The official release is presumed to be early June. The flagship devices already went on sale in South Korea, China and the United States. Samsung, however, may face hurdles in promoting the Galaxy S8 in Japan as the Japanese smartphone market is dominated by Apple Inc. In the first quarter of the year, Samsung sold some 300,000 smartphones in Japan to account for 3.8 percent of the market share. In 2012, Samsung's presence was 14.8 percent, but it lost ground since then in the face of growing competition with Apple, whose market share topped 50 percent. The Galaxy S8 smartphones feature high resolution displays that bend on both sides and come with various innovative technologies, such as iris and face recognition scanners, and a smart voice assistance program named Bixby. More than 1 million customers were using the high-end devices as of Saturday, 37 days after their release here, faster than the 74 days taken for their predecessor, the Galaxy S7, to reach the mark. Samsung Electronics said late last month that global sales of the Galaxy S8 smartphones reached 5 million units in less than a month after their official release. Samsung released the Galaxy S8 and the Galaxy S8 Plus in South Korea, the United States and Canada on April 21, with the flagship smartphones set to reach some 120 countries gradually, including China and Japan. Industry watchers said Samsung is expected to sell 20 million units of the Galaxy S8 series by the end of the second quarter. Annual sales are estimated to be between 50 million and 60 million units. sam@yna.co.kr (END) Most Viewed Seoul to ban smoking at cultural asset sites (4th LD) Park apologizes over alleged sexual misconduct by ex-spokesman Ssangyong says resumption of overnight shift turning point of normalization (2nd LD) N. Korea's Kaesong region sure to be listed as UNESCO world heritage N. Korean escapees to S. Korea to fall 20 pct this year: official More Most Viewed Photos News Focus Hyundai holds driverless car race to promote cutting edge technology Foreign ministry to reclaim trade negotiation task amid looming FTA revision with U.S. Rate freeze mirrors S. Korea's improving fundamentals Finance minister nominee set to expand fiscal intervention to boost economy SME policy getting scrutiny on chronic worker shortage Moon's pick for FM signals push to expand diplomatic horizon, concerns linger S. Korea's new economic chief tasked with reviving economy CJ E&M's tvN enters experiment mode amid ratings slump News All headlines National North Korea Business Culture / Sports Korean Wave Photo news Graphic news Focus Most viewed Special Features Interviews Features Topics Miscellaneous Newspaper headlines Today in Korean history Yonhap News summary Editorials from dailies Tools RSS Mobile Service Twitter Facebook Information Photo/Video Archives Korea in brief Useful links Festival Calendar Weather Overseas Networks About Yonhap About Us Contact Us Subscription Copyright N.K Archives N.K Newsletter Vantage Point Copyrights Yonhap News Agency. All Rights Reserved.
serach × Toggle navigation Nation World States Cities Business Sport Entertainment Galleries Videos Life Style Specials Opinions All Sections   States Tamil Nadu Kerala Karnataka Andhra Pradesh Telangana Odisha Cities Chennai DelhiBengaluru Hyderabad Kochi Thiruvananthapuram Nation World Business Sport Cricket Football Tennis Other Education Social News Entertainment English Hindi Kannada Malayalam Tamil Telugu Review Galleries Videos Auto Life style Tech Health Travel Food Books Spirituality Opinions Editorials Ask Prabhu Columns Prabhu Chawla T J S George S Gurumurthy Ravi Shankar Shankkar Aiyar Shampa Dhar-Kamath Karamatullah K Ghori Edex Indulge Magazine The Sunday Standard E-paper Home The Sunday Standard Celebration set to sound and movement By Ayesha Singh  |   Published: 28th May 2017 08:45 AM  |   Last Updated: 28th May 2017 12:06 PM  |   A+A A-   |   0 Share Via Email Pranshu Chatur Lal On the surface, there is nothing common between co-founder of Apple Inc. Steve Jobs and Kathak danseuse Sangita Chatterjee, besides four little words that fundamentally welds them together—‘Stay hungry stay foolish’. Sangita Chatterjee Jobs once said this during his address at Stanford University. Chatterjee held on to the words ever since. Performing now at the UMAK Festival 2017, they seem to be ringing louder than ever. “The hunger to get better refuses to be satiated. That’s the reason I keep at it even after all these years,” she says. To honour the 82nd birthday of sitarist Pandit Debu Chaudhuri, a two-day festival that commenced on May 27 has been put together. “I’ll start my dance with a Shiv Stotram, which elucidates the omnipresence of Shiva and Shakti, which are synonymous with faith and devotion. Gradually, the pieces elaborate the different faces of the lord,” she says. The first day of the festival saw a showcase of Kuchipudi dance by the celebrated Radha and Raja Reddy, followed by a sitar recital by Pandit Prateek Chaudhuri. To be staged next were thumris and dadras by vocalist Malini Awasthi. On May 28, beats of the tabla and percussions were helmed by Pranshu Chaturlal. This was followed by a Bharatnatyam performance by Sneha Chakradhar. The evening will also see a Dhrupad recital by vocalist Ustad Wasifuddin Dagar, and then a sitar performance by Pandit Debu Chaudhuri. The finalé is a Kathak recital by Vidushi Nalini Kamalini. She concludes with an expressional piece, which portrays  the pain of the  virohatkanthitanayika (heroine), who awaits the arrival of her beloved. With that, the programme bids a lyrical goodbye.   Good to know: May 28, 2 pm onwards, at Azad Bhawan auditorium of the Indian Council for Cultural Relations, near ITO.  O P E N Professional Courses Sponsored link Technology Courses Sponsored link Gallery Brazilians hit the streets to protest against gang gun battles and police My world is my Bond - A look at James Bond 007 Roger Moore's acting life arrow Videos US launches first South China Sea patrol under Trump Manchester United fans celebrate Europa League win arrow FOLLOW US Copyrights New Indian Express.2017 Dinamani | Kannada Prabha | Samakalika Malayalam | Malayalam Vaarika | Indulgexpress | Edex Live Contact Us | About Us | Careers | Privacy Policy | Search | Terms of Use | Advertise With Us Home | Nation | World | Cities | Business | Columns | Entertainment | Sport | Magazine | The Sunday Standard
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Menu Home News Mobiles Reviews How to Features Top 10 Mobiles Gadget Finder Menu Tip Us!FacebookTwittergplusYoutube News Mobile Tablet Laptop Computer Gear Camera Reviews How To Features Gadget Finder Photos Videos English हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી Home  |  Mobile  |  News  | iPhone 8 to have touch ID beneath the display: Report iPhone 8 to have touch ID beneath the display: Report By: Shilpa Published: Sunday, May 28, 2017, 8:00 [IST] Just a few hours back there was a leak pertaining to the design of upcoming iPhone 8. Here a phone case has been leaked which revealed few design aspects of the device. This is not the first or the last one to get leaked. We have seen quite a lot of rumors regarding the specs and designs of the most-awaited iPhone 8. Similar to the design, the placement of touch ID sensor that may be included in the phone has become the favorite topic of most of the debates. According to the few source, the sensors will be placed underneath the display, whereas some other sources say that Apple may not include this feature in the device. As a support to few of the rumors, a new report has been spotted by MacRumours which is found in Economic Daily News (EDN) claiming about the placement of this touchID sensor. Also Read: Apple to have its own AI chip for next-gen devices According to this report, the sensors have been placed underneath the display of iPhone 8. They told Apple supplier Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing confirmed about this in a technology convention which is held in Tapei. On the other hand, MacRumours have also claimed that the iPhone 8 will have an invisible infrared image sensor to enhance the functionality of the high-pixel camera. This feature is going to help augmented reality functions. Also Read: iPhone 8 leaked case reveals few design aspects; Display is slightly larger than iPhone 7 There were similar rumors stating the 3D sensing feature of iPhone 8's rear camera. The company has also said to improvise the telephoto lens quality in this device. The phone is also said to sport an iris scanner and facial recognition in it. The company may launch iPhone 8, iPhone 7s and iPhone 7s Plus in the next month. Apple iPhone 8 81,600 Specs Competitors Images +8 Read More About smartphones | apple | iPhone | iphone 8 | news Other articles published on May 28, 2017 Please Wait while comments are loading... Huawei Nova 2 and Nova 2 Plus with dual rear cameras and 20MP front camera launched Airtel offering 1000 GB data free Lenovo to continue selling phones with own branding Featured Posts Opinion Poll 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers GET OUR TOP TECH STORIES DELIVERED TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Do not Disturb Gizbot in Other Languages বাংলা ગુજરાતી हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు Explore Gizbot News Gear Tablet Laptop Mobile Gadgets Features How-To Computer Gadget Finder Other Greynium Sites Oneindia Filmibeat Boldsky Drivespark Goodreturns Native Planet Careerindia Clickin Download Oneindia App Google Play App Store Follow Gizbot Daily Updates Get Gizbot Alerts Get Push Notifications About Us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Newsletters | Apps | RSS | Advertise with Us | Work for Us | Contact Us | Site Feedback | Sitemap © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Home Opinion India Cities Mumbai Pune Delhi Indore Bhopal Ujjain World Business Money Matters PR Corporate Corner Events Corner Product Launches Wire News Business Wire India PR Newswire Press Release Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Movie Reviews Movie Trailers Sports Cricket Football Features Infographics Interviews Personal Finance Education Lifestyle Book Reviews Weekend Peace of Mind Whats’s Up Food Travel FPJ Initiatives India and its neighbours FPJ FORUM TEDx Gateway The FPJ Management Scholarship FPJ Management Scholarship Awards FPJ Anniversary R.E.T.A.I.L Uber Retailer Uber Stories Uber Review Uber Spotlight Uber Guide Epaper Menu Home Opinion India Cities + Mumbai Pune Delhi Indore Bhopal Ujjain World Business + Money Matters PR Corporate Corner Events Corner Product Launches Wire News Business Wire India PR Newswire Press Release Entertainment + Bollywood Hollywood Television Movie Reviews Movie Trailers Sports + Cricket Football Features + Infographics Interviews Personal Finance Education Lifestyle Book Reviews Weekend Peace of Mind Whats’s Up Food Travel FPJ Initiatives + India and its neighbours FPJ FORUM TEDx Gateway The FPJ Management Scholarship FPJ Management Scholarship Awards FPJ Anniversary R.E.T.A.I.L Uber Retailer Uber Stories Uber Review Uber Spotlight Uber Guide Epaper Trending Now #ChampionsTrophy #NarendraModi #Saharanpur #SachinABillionDreams #MumbaiIndians #ManchesterAttack #GST #AAP #RealEstateAct #KulbhushanJadhav Home / World / Apple reportedly building AI chip for iPhone Apple reportedly building AI chip for iPhone — By FPJ Bureau | May 28, 2017 08:21 am FOLLOW US: SAN FRANCISCO: US tech giant Apple is reportedly developing a dedicated artificial intelligence (AI) chip, called the Apple Neural Engine, that would power AI-related tasks on mobile devices. “The chip would be used to offload tasks that require sophisticated algorithms related to facial and speech recognition and augmented reality tasks that rely heavily on computer vision,” technology website theverge.com reported on Saturday.            -Agencies Share this Post: « Previous Article US to launch ‘first-ever’ missile test to counter N Korea threat Next Article » 1,530 migrants died crossing Mediterranean in 2017, says UN Tagged with: Apple Neural Engine Artificial intelligence TheVerge JUST ARRIVED Denied entry to town, Rahul meets clash victims at Saharanpur border Bihar lacks in implementation of rural schemes, says Centre Indigenous Scorpene submarine test-fires torpedo: Jaitley Maoists award death penalty to Bihar judge at kangaroo court Will consult Oppn before picking presidential candidate: Shah EDITOR’S PICK NDA well poised, but miles to go It is as much a manifestation of the steady public faith in the Narendra Modi government as an index of… NEETI Exam: A step in the right direction At present there exists a huge variation in standards of technical colleges in the country, majority of them churn out… ‘If you’re absent, you have no voice’ IF China indulges in hostile activity, India should end its $71 billion bilateral trade, with a huge $47 billion deficit… US Silk Road counterpoise a boost for India It is happy augury that spurred by China’s ambitious and much-touted Belt and Road initiative which has the potential to… Scrapping of FIPB holds promise of more FDI True to the intent expressed in the last annual budget, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has abolished the Foreign Investment Promotion… Home About Us Authors Careers Disclaimer Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise with us Archive RSS © Copyright Indian National Press (Bombay) Private Limited 2017. All Rights Reserved.
rediff.com Rediff Get Ahead News Business Movies Sports Get Ahead  rediff NewsApp  NewsApp (Free)Read news as it happens Available on   Sign in  |  Create a Rediffmail account Rediff News  All News  Rediff.com  » Getahead » Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus: Simply stunning! Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus: Simply stunning! Last updated on: May 28, 2017 08:00 IST There is definitely a case for the S8 plus to be crowned as the champion of the handsets for the year 2017 With the Galaxy S7 handsets, Samsung showed quite impressively what it was capable of. The S7 Edge in particular established Samsung's refined ways of crafting unique phones, and few would have believed that anything could be capable of making the handsets outdated within a span of months. While every year brings the renewed challenge for the handset makers to out perform themselves, the Galaxy Note 7's problems raised the stakes for Samsung further. To everybody's delight, the Galaxy S8 handsets, and again the Plus variant in particular, resoundingly proved that Samsung is not the types to throw in the towel. The 2017 flagship handsets are not only sleeker, taller, and more premium, it carries the hope of redefining the mobile phone market, with the Galaxy S8 leading from the front. While pristine looks combined with top of the line hardware comes at a pretty price, one needs to look realistically about the chances it carries in a fiercely competing industry. There is no shortage of capable handsets with friendlier price tags, and the trend is not going anywhere either. How much really does the all premium Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus hold against its rivals? We try to fish out the answer. Construction While the display is one of the important pillars of a smart phone, there is very little scope for making changes in this department. Samsung seems to have cracked the mystery regarding how the future of phone display will be. A cursory glance at this glass and metal device, and it reinforces the belief that it is indeed futuristic. The handset measures 159.5 x 73.4 x 8.1 mm in all, and weighs a decent 173 gms. This IP68 certified device is a tall phone, and Samsung has done well to keep it slimmer. This should allow a decent leeway while moving the thumb across to access all those app icons. The glass back is curved and further assists in holding the phone comfortably. It is quite remarkable that the Galaxy S8 Plus is right about iPhone 7's size, and yet, it comfortably beats the Apple device's 5.5-inch display in every which way possible. One of the big surprises was that Samsung finally has removed the home button, a permanent fixture on its flagship mobile phones. Instead, Samsung has opted for the onscreen navigation buttons, two of which can be switched as per the user preference. The home button can be accessed from anywhere on the bottom part of the display, and features haptic feedback. The virtual buttons add to the immersive experience of the 'Infinity Display', as Samsung prefers to call it. Turn the phone around and one finds the camera module, the heart rate sensor, and the LED flash. Sitting right next to the camera is the finger print scanner and quite honestly is one of biggest flaws in this design. One has to be mighty dexterous in order to reach it without smudging the camera lens. Samsung clearly had to resort to this placement after it ran out of time to embed the fingerprint scanner underneath the display screen. As for the button placement, the power button has been placed on the right edge, where as the left edge is seen carrying the volume buttons. The top edge has the hybrid dual SIM slot, while at the bottom edge one finds the 3.5 mm audio jack, the USB Type C port, and the single speaker. The left edge also has a new addition to Samsung handsets, a button to launch Bixby -- Samsung's very own voice assistant. Overall, it is a stunning piece of premium hardware, and Samsung has indeed outdone itself with this 2017 blockbuster product. Display True to its image, Samsung again has wowed everybody with their choice and styling of display for the latest flagship handset. The Galaxy S8 Plus boasts of a big, but tall 6.2-inch Super AMOLED display panel. With a resolution of 1440 x 2960 p, the pixel density goes right upto a mind boggling 529 ppi. Samsung has been courageous enough to bring forward both the Galaxy S8 handsets with curved displays. The displays are less steep, and this revised design gives it a very sublime look and feel. Just the way the screen meets the metal, removing scope of any bezel to exist, makes it look like the next logical upgrade in the display department. Another interesting thing to note on the S8 Plus is the 18.5:9 aspect ratio. The tall display has got the interest of the heavy users of media files piqued. The 'Mobile HDR Premium' certification needs to be seen to believed. The screen gets flooded with the content all over, giving a fantastic immersive experience. The effort from Google to bring the apps to match this aspect ratio bodes well for the S8 handsets' chances. While few aspects of videos like subtitles may get cropped out, one cannot deny the fantastic experience while watching the videos. Always on display has been provided, but it could have been a bit more detailed. Little more details on the notifications would have enhanced the effectiveness here. Otherwise, the display has nothing to complain about. Bright enough to be used outdoors without any issues, and Corning Gorilla Glass 5 protection gives some assurance. But the display remains fragile, especially the corners. Users will do well to opt for a sturdy case for this beauty. Specifications Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus comes with the Exynos 8895 SoC. The octa core CPU comprises of four cores operating at 2.3 GHz, while another set of four cores are clocked at 1.7 GHz. The GPU responsibilities are handled by Mali-G71 MP20, and we see 4GB worth of RAM supplied alongside. There is a rich dose of 64 GB worth of onboard storage that comes with the S8 plus, which can be further increased by another 256 GB via microSD card slot. Connectivity The S8 Plus is a dual SIM handset, and comes complete with support for 4G as well as VoLTE technology. Some users may frown at the hybrid slot, which will force them to choose from either the secondary SIM, or the microSD card. Samsung should have spared the users from making this harsh choice. Other connectivity options include WiFi (802.11ac), GPS, NFC and Bluetooth 5.0. The latter allowing not only for faster transfers and longer range, but also the advantage of pairing two Bluetooth speakers to get a good surround sound effect going for their media files esp. Radio feature sadly failed to make the cut. Operating system Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus comes running the Android Nougat (ver 7.0), with a custom skin applied on top. Samsung prefers to call it 'Samsung Experience' now. The software aspect of Samsung handsets has been the consistent recipient of criticism, and it is good to see Samsung finally warming up to the issue. The user interface looks cleaner, refreshed, and well laid out. Users can swipe from anywhere on the screen to bring the app drawer up. They could have optimised this a bit more, but let us not nitpick. They also seem to have addressed the issue of 'Ghost Taps' experienced by the users on the edge variants. Speaking of the edge, users can swipe to get access to their preferred apps, contacts, screenshots or the gif making abilities. The rolling screenshot is a favourite feature, allowing to grab an entire page. Icons look much evolved, and the system apps too have been refreshed in looks. One can long press the app icons to get some additional options. While still not Apple-esque 3D touch, it is a start. The default keyboard may not be appreciated by everybody, and installing a third party keyboard maybe in order. Then there are the issues of the pre-installed software like Microsoft Suite and Samsung's own duplicate apps like browser, the health based apps etc. Not only do they clutter things, most of these are not completely uninstallable either. Maybe next year Samsung will oblige by removing these? Lastly, we come to Samsung's own virtual assistant Bixby. While it has a few tricks up its sleeves like bringing up weather info, system based options, themes and wallpaper options etc, it is also problematic. There is a slight lag while loading it, and it still doesn't do voice commands. Samsung deserves every bit of flak for the Bixby inclusion. Not only is it a half cooked product, it is basically a clone of Android's virtual assistant. The stubbornness of Samsung to not allow the users to remap the Bixby button is counter productive. The only somewhat useful feature of Bixby is enabling the users to look up desired products by clicking their photographs and launching a Bixby based search. How much and how frequently this will be used, is anybody's guess. Camera At the rear, Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus has a 12 MP sensor camera (with Dual Pixels), it has a f/1.7 aperture, and comes complete with Optical Image Stabilisation and Phase Detection Autofocus. While at the first glance one may think that Samsung has not tinkered with last year's S7's camera here, but that is not entirely true. Samsung has indeed gone for a more polished version than last year. To counter the all conquering Google Pixel's camerawork, Samsung has upgraded the last year's camera sensor and the result clearly shows. The Samsung Galaxy S8 handsets now rival Google Pixel in photography department, and these three marquee handsets tower above the competition easily. The images captured by S8 Plus come out looking vibrant. Punchier colours and more vividness give the images an impressive, brighter look and feel. The Auto HDR has been kept on by default and it has got a great deal of contribution in the final results. Seldom will the user feel to tinker around with the auto mode. Pro mode of course is there for the prosumers. The f/1.7 aperture also means better night time photography, and Samsung stands tall in this realm especially. The noise has been suppressed impressively and details come out nicely. The PDAF ensured that the camera locked onto subjects quickly in any condition. Samsung's camera app also has been quite impressive, and using the onscreen shutter button for zooming in and out is a useful feature. Users can swipe anywhere on the screen to switch between the cameras easily. Addition of Snapchat like filters ought to win more admirers, as the filters are not only good looking, the tracking function seems to be on the money as well. The videos mirror the findings from the still photography department, with clips looking brighter and more crisp than from last year's flagships. Even the OIS looks more robust. One can shoot really good looking 4K videos, but the 1080p videos however have the HDR magical feature enabled, and that made the latter resolution an automatic choice. The front facing camera gets a huge bump, with last year's 5 MP camera getting replaced by an 8 MP variant. There is the auto focus mode as well, and everything combined nicely to get sharper selfie shots. Performance This here is one of the most potent configuration here on paper, and the tasks zipped across the screen as expected. Be it the multitasking or the multi window feature being pressed into service, there were no hiccups really. The HD content looked superb on the gorgeous screen and be it the demanding games or the video content, everything fared smoothly. The Samsung Experience UI still has some rough edges it seems. It was a crying shame to see Bixby launching with a little pause, a problem veteran Samsung users have seen with other apps in the past. The very slight stutter with the scrolling will remind you about that little bit of non optimization being left out. Samsung ought to own up and remove these with the next update. While the AKG branded headset brings out good quality sound, the speaker just about does the job. Yes, it is loud, but not really sublime. A stereo speaker would have added to the sheen on this hardware, but that was not to be. The placement makes it easy for the landscape mode lovers to muffle the speaker every now and then. The fingerprint scanner is quick and accurate, but the placement again frustrates a lot. Thankfully, the iris scanner, which should not be called as secure, comes to the rescue. It is fast and does the job even with sun glasses on, but make sure that your photograph is not widely available as that can be used to unlock the handset as well. Battery The Galaxy S8 plus comes with a 3500 mAh non user replaceable battery. While it sounded a tad feeble for the task, thankfully, the handset lasted for a day comfortably on a moderate to heavy usage pattern. Adaptive charging feature has been preferred here, and allows for the battery to go from 0 to 100 per cent charged in about an hour and 45 minutes. Opt for the wireless charging ways, and expect about half an hour worth of increment in waiting time for battery to be fully juiced up. Users can opt for 1080p display instead of cranking it up all the way to conserve the energy. Opting for non HDR mode also gets significant boost for the battery performance. It is good to see Samsung putting in options to exercise during the crunch periods. Verdict The expectations were high, and with the S8+ and the S8, Samsung has redefined the competition, just like how they did it with the introduction of Samsung Galaxy Note. There should be no hesitation by the users of premium phablet users to switch over to the S8+, even if not due for an immediate upgrade of their phones. A stunning display, polished camera which was already had a reckoning, water resistance, microSD card slot, and wireless charging, all these features are enticing enough. There is definitely a case for the S8 plus to be crowned as the champion of the handsets for the year 2017. The battery does its job, and after Samsung published a detailed report about the findings on Note 7 fiasco, their decision not to pack the S8 handsets with extravagant battery packs must be appreciated. The S8 plus is retailing for Rs 64,900 and for the features and the futuristic theme, it looks like a price worth paying for. Himanshu Juneja Tags: Samsung Galaxy Note, HDR, SIM, Google Pixel, Optical Image Stabilisation and Phase Detection Autofocus Share this Write a Comment Print this article   ALSO READ MOST RECENT   MOST COMMENTED Should you go for Android Go? Samsung Galaxy S8's coming to India! Why Samsung Galaxy C9 Pro is a good buy at Rs 37k Is India ready for Samsung Galaxy S8? Will you buy the refurbished Samsung Galaxy Note7 for 20k? Roundup: Tsonga wins first claycourt title; Stosur wins in Strasbourg Yuvraj will miss opening warm-up game vs NZ Confident that our team will do well: Rahane 'No Mohun Bagan and East Bengal, no ISL' 'Kushner wanted secret communications channel with Russia' In Pics: Aditi's breezy summer dress is anything but ordinary How Mark Zuckerberg founded Facebook and his purpose in life What President Mukherjee likes to eat A wedding which will make you believe in love The most daring outfits at Cannes Stars spotted!  What's this? Spotted: Sharman Joshi in Dubai Reader Kamal Arora sends us a photograph. More stars spotted Met a celebrity? Email us photos & videos Business emailOffice email AppDomain registrationWebsiteRediffmailMoneyCompany emailOnline ShoppingBooksGiftsVideosBlogsBuzz India News  |  Latest News in India  |  Bollywood News  |  India Cricket Score  |  India Business News © 2017 Rediff.com - Investors - Advertise - Disclaimer - Privacy - Careers - Feedback | Terms of use ▲
Skip Navigation Jump to Main Main navigation and Meta Navigation To Home Meta Main Navigation Watch TV Content Search OpenAll Sections All SectionsClose Section Navigation Title Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary OpenAll Sections Now Reading Commentary: For the dying, home hospice care offers a ray of hope Toggle share menu Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail Jump to top Search OpenAll Sections Main Navigation Section Navigation Title Home Watch TV Compact Layout All Sections Close Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary Videos Catch-up TV TV Schedule Special Reports Singapore Parliament Weather PSI Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Play Store App Store Search Close Search Search Term Search Term Clear search input Search Commentary: For the dying, home hospice care offers a ray of hope close breaking news Advertisement Commentary Singapore Commentary: For the dying, home hospice care offers a ray of hope Home hospice care differ from facility-based hospice care in important ways that lifts the patient's spirit. HCA provides free services for 70 per cent of home hospice patients in Singapore. (Photo: HCA) By Chong Poh Heng 28 May 2017 09:03AM Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail SINGAPORE: Before the iconic Steve Jobs of Apple fame died of pancreatic cancer in 2011, he spoke poignantly of his terminal illness: “Remembering that you are going to die is the best way I know to avoid the trap of thinking you have something to lose. There is no reason not to follow your heart.” This is the kind of inspirational philosophy that should resonate when we think about how to approach healthcare for those with terminal illness. As Singapore’s largest home hospice care provider, HCA provides free services to about 70 per cent of home hospice patients in Singapore. We operate both home hospice care and a day care service for patients who are well enough to move about independently and would enjoy social activities in a communal setting. Patients are accepted based on referrals from their primary care doctor and must meet specified criteria.  The home hospice care model allows terminally ill patients to stay at home and for the nurses and doctors to come to them instead. (Photo: AP) Advertisement Advertisement We see an average of about 800 patients with life-limiting illnesses at any one time, with about 3,500 admissions per year. Patients who are referred to us typically have a prognosis of 12 months or less. Our average length of service is about three months. While these statistics may seem bleak, the miracle of life always seem to defy the odds: While 2,000 of the admissions each year do pass on, there are about 700 patients who are discharged. Just imagine, one in five of our patients may be well enough to be discharged. They may go back to their own primary physicians for ongoing standard care and other regular home medical care services. Some even return to their own family GPs (general practitioners) just like before. Based on a report in the New England Journal of Medicine, research has demonstrated that a group of lung cancer patients under palliative care not only lived longer compared to those receiving standard care, they also had a better quality of life and enjoy better mental well-being. These patients also experienced significantly lower depressive symptoms than those in the standard care groups, according to the same report. Although many researchers are still trying to decipher what exactly contributed to this astonishing finding, it is actually not a surprise to practitioners like us who do encounter some amazing outcomes among our patients. Many come to us with an initial prognosis of a few months, but go on to live out their supposed terminal illness for many years. A RAY OF LIGHT IN THOSE LAST DARK DAYS There are key differences between home hospice care and institutional care where patients receive palliative care within a healthcare facility. Indeed, there are economic arguments for moving those with terminal illness to a separate facility where they can be collectively taken care of by dedicated and trained staff on hand, and looked after 24/7 to help them manage their symptoms and ensure their safety as they move about. For families with no one around to take care of these patients, this option may indeed be the best option. Although hard-won health and safety practices and rules may win over family members, however, patients in these facilities and their loved ones are subject to various regulations including restrictions on visiting hours and meal times. In all fairness, this is necessary to avoid disruptions to and ensure the smooth running of such healthcare facilities. There are key differences between home hospice care and institutional care where patients receive palliative care within a healthcare facility. (Photo: AP) But for many patients already having to deal with the idea that a terminal illness is cutting their lifespan short, is moving into a new environment, without the warm familiarity of “normal” family life, really a better alternative? We must ask ourselves, is a life of safety what most people want for themselves in those last stages? What do these restrictions mean for the patient’s sense of control and individuality, for people who are living their last days? Do they feel a sense of fear and despair when they are housed in the same place with others “in the same situation”? Are they not constantly reminded of the painful realities and the close to little chance they have of surviving their condition? In this regard, home hospice care, which provides daily door-to-door visits with meals and activities for patients, can be a ray of light in their lives. During each session, nurses render medical services including pain management and change of dressing, as well as non-clinical services including counseling family members to prepare them mentally for the eventuality of the patient’s passing. HCA provides home hospice care for free as we understand that living within an institution or some other medical facility may be expensive and often not necessary for the patient who will be better off living with his or her family. With a medical professional just a phone call away and pacing alongside at every step of their journey, patients have fuller assurance and confidence to face the path ahead. The assurance of having a hospice care professional available 24 hours a day, every day of the week, affirms hope as patients are encouraged to add life to their remaining days. (Photo: HCA) More importantly, they are enabled to life their lives out as “normally” and independently as possible, giving them personal dignity and individual freedom. To answer why patients who receive palliative care seem to lead better lives, perhaps not all things are found in quantifiable data – death is real, but so is hope. When one struggles with unrelieved pain from progressive disease, the will to live can only wane. However, this will to live and strive on can be re-ignited when hospice care staff facilitate important conversations about facing and even conquering fears. The positive impact of this open discussion on patients, caregivers and families can be great. The mindful, compassionate and patient-centred approach to care brings dignity to the process. This dignity often gets lost when one falls gravely ill and has to depend on others for simple, daily chores. It is ironic that dignity is what patients seek most as they face their final challenges in life. FINDING A MUTUAL FRIENDSHIP IN THE FINAL JOURNEY Nurses who travel to our patients’ doorsteps are not just healthcare staff; they become so sensitised to patients’ personal needs that they go the extra mile to address non-clinical issues: This includes cutting their hair, helping with household chores and even finding volunteers to photograph family portraits for patients and their loved ones. One nurse I know even went as far to arrange for a five-year-old boy to visit the zoo because he loved dinosaurs and wanted to see one such exhibition held there. Others also facilitate patients' request to leave behind a lasting legacy through special projects. Whether these are their personal expressions in artwork, or a cookbook of treasured family recipes, these projects have helped many patients and families find a more complete closure. In all these, I find that our people involved in home hospice care have suddenly become more than palliative care practitioners to our patients. They have become family friends. And this friendship is mutual because our patients in turn enrich our own lives. In the many earnest conversations we have had with patients, we were privileged to witness their finding meaning in suffering and demonstration of courage and grace despite the ravages of their debilitating illnesses. These courageous qualities that are brought to bear serves to underscore the critical spiritual care that resonates throughout our care approach. This elusive element of uplifting the spirit often defies objective, clinical measurements. Our care philosophy is to assist the terminally ill live well while at home and more than 50 per cent of our patients are able to pass on comfortably, surrounded by the care and love of their family members. While we all have to make the final journey ourselves, it is perhaps not the distance we should focus on, but the daily pace of the final lap. Dr Chong Poh Heng is the Medical Director of HCA Hospice Care. This is the fourth commentary in Channel NewsAsia's series exploring key issues and challenges facing patients with terminal illness and care at the end of life.  Read the first commentary on what well-being means for someone with terminal illness here. Read the second commentary on the challenges faced by our young who contract terminal illness, for whom growing old isn't an option here. Read the third commentary on the debate on whether at life's end, we want to spend our last days in the hospital here. Source: CNA/sl Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail More stories for you More information about Channel News Asia jump to top of page Sections Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary About Us About Channel NewsAsia Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Advertise with us Contact Sales Online Advertising TV Advertising Get the news that matters in your inbox every morning! Next try Plese enter your Email-address I consent to the use of my personal data by Mediacorp and the Mediacorp group of companies (collectively "Mediacorp") to send me marketing and advertising materials in relation to goods and services of Mediacorp and its business partners and for research and analysis SUBSCRIBE Follow our news Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Experience news with our apps Play Store App Store Copyright© Mediacorp 2017. Mediacorp Pte Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health MACH Tech Science BETTER Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing Manchester Concert Explosion ISIS Terror TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR Your Business Inspiring America NBCBLK28 College Game Plan Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement Business Business News Consumer Travel Economy Personal Finance Markets Business May 23 2017, 7:38 am ET IBM Tells Its Remote Employees to Get Back to the Office by Martha C. White Share Share Tweet Comment Email Print advertisement For a company whose embrace of mobile work predates the internet and even the personal computer, IBM's decision to recall employees back to the office has human resources experts warning that the move could make it harder for Big Blue to compete with the likes of Google and Apple, along with hot startups, to recruit and retain the best people. "I think it is going to be a talent problem," said Jennifer Glass, the Barbara Bush professor of liberal arts at the Population Research Center at the University of Texas. "It's very clear in the literature that autonomy is something talented workers want, especially millennials." The back-to-the-office movement could work if management is clear about the benefits working in an office will provide. Shutterstock A survey by Flexjobs.com found that 80 percent of respondents said that flexibility was a top consideration when considering a new job, and a third reported leaving a job because it didn't offer the flexibility they needed. "People work from home for a lot of different reasons," Sara Sutton Fell, founder and CEO of Flexjobs.com, including accommodating childcare, eldercare and disabilities. "They need it. They don't just want it." Related: Researchers Say This Is the Key to Being Happy at Work Some experts say the rollback of telecommuting reflects a more seismic shift as IBM struggles to adapt to rapid changes in an industry it once dominated. "When technology companies change priorities or shift focus, there can be a change as well to how and where employees work," said Scott Dobroski, community expert at Glassdoor.com. "This is is a sign of something much bigger," said Dave Carvajal, CEO of Dave Partners, a technology-focused recruiting firm. "IBM is struggling to compete in the competitive tech marketplace that has become significantly more agile and nimble over the past decade." IBM's quarterly report last month had higher-than-expected earnings but missed analyst expectations on revenue — marking five years straight of year-over-year quarterly revenue declines. Company executives say making people work together will help reverse its fortunes. At a conference last fall, CFO Martin Schroeter talked to investors about "get[ting] the teams back together as opposed to so spread out," saying the relocation would make them "more agile." It Didn't Work for Yahoo But not everyone agrees that proximity can foster performance gains. "I'm personally a little skeptical," Sutton Fell said. "It didn't really help Yahoo." The news of IBM's reversal on telecommuting drew many comparisons to Yahoo. When CEO Marissa Mayer eliminated Yahoo's work-from-home perk in 2013, it provoked a backlash from those who said the shift placed an unfair burden on working parents — especially since the news was coupled with reports that Mayer had a nursery constructed adjacent to her office so she could bring her then-infant son to work with her. Given IBM's performance struggles, some observers suggested that the shift away from remote work could be a way to shed workers through attrition without resorting to layoffs. Related: Some Companies Encourage Employees to Disconnect During Vacation "IBM has been bringing teams like these together for several years, across many areas of the company: software development, digital marketing, Watson, design, and IBM's CIO teams, just to name a few," IBM spokeswoman Laurie Friedman said via email. She did not respond to a question about how many employees ultimately would be affected but said workers could reapply for other jobs — around 5,000 in the U.S. — with the company, and added that some workers would be able to continue working remotely. "I'm highly suspicious of this idea that if you corral everybody into the same room you're going to get magic," Glass said. "I think it's an attempt to exert more managerial control when business is down and they're under pressure to turn things around." Collaboration May Need to Be Relearned Some experts do see the potential for a positive outcome as IBM expands its work in areas like cloud computing and artificial intelligence. "We know it's an added focus on innovation," Dobroski said. "That's very enticing to today's tech talent." By making people come into the office, managers will be able to focus on more hands-on mentoring and training — benefits that attract ambitious millennials but are harder to execute with a far-flung workforce. "This is the generation that says, if I'm not learning, I'm gone," said Dayna Fellows, president of consulting company WorkLife Performance, Inc. The back-to-the-office movement could work if management is "really smart and clear" about the benefits working in an office will provide, she said. Related: Three-Day Weekends, Free Vacation Money? Taking Job Perks to the Max But to achieve this, experts say IBM will need to invest in restructuring its work environment and culture. "If they simply bring people in and expect them to work exactly the same way in a crowd situation, it will fail," Fellows said. "That would be the mistake, is if everything stays the same but people come in." "Collaboration is helped by being together, but it has to be on purpose. You have to create a culture... It doesn't just happen by bumping into each other," said Ellen Galinsky, senior research advisor at the Society for Human Resource Management. "If the problem is collaboration, that probably needs to be addressed directly. You can't just assume that if people are in the same space, they are going to collaborate and work together," she said. "Holistic change at that level requires real leadership," Carvajal said. Martha C. White Email Topics Business News, Lifestyle First Published May 23 2017, 7:38 am ET Next Story British Airways Cancels All Flights From London as Global Computer Failure Causes Delays advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content SuperSite for Windows Search: Stay Connected Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS IT/Dev Connections About Newsletter Register Log In Username or e-mail: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Windows Windows 10 Windows RT Windows 8 Windows 7 Windows Vista Windows XP Mobile Windows Phone Mobile Devices Cloud OneDrive Outlook.com Skype Windows Server Office Music & Videos Games Xbox 360 Xbox One Podcasts Advertisement Home > Windows > Windows 10 > Sync Your Windows 10 PC with Your iPhone, iPad, or Android Device Sync Your Windows 10 PC with Your iPhone, iPad, or Android Device May 26, 2017 Lance Whitney EMAIL Tweet Comments 2 Getty Images Advertisement Yes, you can sync content between your Windows 10 PC and your mobile device via a special Microsoft app. Would you like to access the same music, photos, and documents on your Windows 10 PC and your Apple or Android phone or tablet? That’s just what you can do through the Microsoft Phone Companion. This Windows 10 app performs a variety of tasks, including automatically copying photos from your phone or tablet to your PC, putting Cortana on your iPhone or Android device, letting you listen to the same songs on your PC and mobile device, and installing the mobile version of Microsoft Office on your phone or tablet. The goal is to get your Windows 10 PC and your mobile device on speaking terms so you can tap into the same content on both environments. First, connect your iPhone, iPad, or Android device to your computer. Open the Windows App Store in Windows 10 and search for Microsoft Phone Companion. Select the app from the search results and then download and launch it. The Phone Companion should automatically pick up your plugged-in phone or tablet, telling you how much storage is used and how much is free. The app also presents options to import photos and videos from your mobile device to your computer and transfer other files via File Explorer. Click on the option to import your photos and videos. A window pops up displaying all the photos and videos on your phone or tablet. You can then choose which ones you want to transfer to your PC, and your selected photos and videos land in your Windows Pictures folder. You can also click on the option to transfer other files through File Explorer. File Explorer launches, pointing to your mobile device. You can then drill down on your device and select and copy any other files you wish to transfer. Click on the link to hide the bottom half of the Phone Companion app. You can now go through each of the other options to install various apps on your smartphone. You’ll first need to make sure you’re using the same Microsoft Account on your PC and your phone or tablet to access the different Microsoft apps and services. Click on the “Get Started” button for Cortana to install the voice assistant on your device. Confirm that you’re using the same Microsoft Account on your PC and device. Fill out the next couple of screens. Once the download has finished, sign into Cortana on your device. Next, you can click on the option to automatically get photos you take on your mobile device copied to your PC. Click on the “Get Started” button for this option and fill out the corresponding screens that pop up. Once you’re finished, any photos or videos you snap on your phone or tablet will automatically get sent to your OneDrive storage space and your Windows Pictures folder. Back at the Phone Companion, click on the button for the third option to listen to songs on any device. The app then directs you to open File Explorer and copy any songs on your PC to your OneDrive music folder. From there, you’ll be able to access those songs using the Windows Groove app. Next, you can click on the fourth option to sync your OneNote content between the OneNote app on your PC and the mobile version on your device. Moving on, click on the fifth option at the Phone Companion screen to download Skype for your mobile device if you don’t already have it. Back at the Phone Companion screen, click on the fifth option to get the mobile versions of Word, Excel, or PowerPoint for your device. And finally, click on the last option to get the Outlook app for your mobile device to access your mail, contacts, and calendar. You can now use all the mobile apps you downloaded to your phone or tablet to help keep your content in sync between your PC and your mobile device. Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Discuss this Article 2 AMRooke on May 26, 2017 The much simpler approach is just to use your Windows phone, which is automatically synced with all of your other Windows 10 devices. Login or register to post comments WinObs Follow on May 27, 2017 No doubt in some ways that is simpler however, the Windows 10 Mobile platform hardware has stagnated. If users want more capabilities and performance they will be looking towards iOS and Android. That is why Microsoft showed off the new ecosystem of a Windows device being central to a users ecosystem at Build a couple of weeks ago. They understand where customers are right now on those two platforms and they continue to address it with new features and capabilities. Login or register to post comments Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles WWDC Developers: iPhone, iPad Yes, Mac No 8 Microsoft Updates OneNote Mobile App for iPhone, iPad and Android 3 Try the Windows Phone UI on Your iPhone or Android Handset 19 Microsoft Launches Office Apps for Android Tablets and iPhone, Updates Office for iPad 26 Amazon Quietly Updates Cloud Player to Work with iPhone, iPad … Sort Of Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WinSuperSite.com Windows Mobile Cloud Windows Server Office Music & Videos Games Podcasts Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site Penton Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Advertise Follow US Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Search WinSuperSite.com Search: SuperSite for Windows Related Penton Sites Dev Pro SharePoint Pro SQL Server Pro Windows IT Pro IT/Dev Connections myITforum Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science     Money Video Travel Columnists Money Home Markets Saving & banking Investing Bills Cars Holidays Cards & loans Pensions Mortgages & home Experts Buy-to-let My Profile Logout Login Feedback HomeTop Share show ad 'We have a raft of cost-saving gadgets in our home': Save hundreds on household bills - by remote control By Toby Walne, Financial Mail on Sunday Published: 17:04 EDT, 27 May 2017 | Updated: 17:04 EDT, 27 May 2017 e-mail 1 View comments There was a time when a remote control was only used for flicking through TV channels.  But these days – often via a mobile phone – it can control your entire home and help shave hundreds of pounds a year off the household bills. Here, The Mail on Sunday picks through the high-tech maze to explore some of the ways you can make savings, looking at everything from entertainment to energy – and even feeding the cat. Well connected: Adam Davison, with wife Laura and daughters Lily and Ella, front, have a raft of cost-saving gadgets in their home Reduce your energy bills  Every home in Britain is to have a ‘smart meter’ installed for free by 2020 as part of a Government campaign to get us to save energy. According to the Energy Saving Trust, by changing our habits it is possible to knock 15 per cent off your energy bill. The average house pays £1,345 a year – so it can lead to a saving of £200. Fortunately, the technology is already out there to cut costs with the help of a remote control that operates ‘smart’ light bulbs, energy-saving electric sockets and individual thermostats. Internet technology director Adam Davison, 42, invested £2,000 in cost-saving gadgets five years ago and says they have already paid for themselves – slashing £400 a year from his energy bill. Adam, married to Laura, 37, with whom he has two children Ella, 11, and eight-year-old Lily, has fitted 60 remote-controlled light switches and power sockets from LightwaveRF, which cost from £35 each. He has also installed £59 Tado radiator thermostats and £15 Philips Hue light bulbs, both of which can be monitored and controlled through a phone app even when out of the house. He says: ‘At last the technology has caught up with an energy saving lifestyle. You can set the sockets so they turn off at night when everyone is asleep – so you no longer unnecessarily use up energy when gadgets are on standby. You can also avoid heating rooms when there is no one in them. You can control the settings remotely from your smartphone – even if you are abroad on holiday.’ RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 2 Next 50 ways to save money: Simple steps to cut what you spend... Will your house be able to read your mood? Homes will change... Put a hippo in the loo, buy a water butt and stick foil... Share this article Share Other devices to help you keep energy costs down include a Nest Thermostat, which sells a touch sensitive £200 wall monitor that can be controlled manually or remotely via a smartphone app – to control hot water and the central heating. There are also software packages such as Apple Home Kit that can link controls – including lighting and heating – to be managed on a phone. Enjoy more music around the home  Streaming is the most popular way to enjoy music – with 45 billion tunes listened to over the internet in Britain every year. The technology not only gives you access to more music than you will find in your record or CD collection at home but can work out cheaper. For the £10 cost of buying an album you gain access to millions of tracks a month if you sign up to an online music subscription service. Providers worth considering include Spotify, Amazon Music Unlimited, Apple Music, Deezer, Napster and Tidal. While these companies often offer free trials or basic streaming that includes occasional adverts for nothing, a paid-for service will also enable you to download tracks to enjoy listening to later offline. Because the music is accessed over the internet you need speeds of at least one megabit per second – fibre optics rather than telephone wires offer faster speeds and are better for homes where more than one person might want to enjoy music at the same time. By hooking up your streaming facility with wi-fi you can broadcast tunes into any room you want around the house and use your mobile phone as the music remote control. This requires speakers that are connected – wirelessly or not – to an amp. You can buy speakers with built-in amplifiers for under £100 but if you invest more then the quality of sound and number of rooms that can enjoy music is expanded. Ion Smith, co-founder of home cinema installation firm Cyberhomes in Thame, Oxfordshire, believes systems can transform the home. He says: ‘Only your imagination needs hold you back. The best time to install a music system for the entire home is often when you are doing renovations as this enables any unsightly wires to be hidden away out of view. Consider hiring a consultant to discuss what you want because at the same time you can also look at home cinema, heating, lighting controls and security systems.’ He suggests using a member of the trade body Custom Electronic Design & Installation Association, whose members sign up to a high standard of service and care for its customers. Pamper your pets...by remote control  Pet lovers occasionally find it hard to give their cat or dog the attention they deserve – and are forced to pay others to keep an eye on them. But new remote control gadgets now allow you to watch your pet from a smartphone when it is at home – so you can talk, feed and even play with it. The £140 Petcube is a box that sits in your property and enables you to observe and speak to your pet when you are out and about, using a smartphone app. Kit for cats: Keeba Roy can play with her cat Harry remotely via an app It also has a remote-controlled laser beam you can control by moving your finger on the phone screen to bring up a light in your home that moves around on the wall or floor – and cats can chase in a game. Assistant arts editor Keeba Roy, 29, of Greenwich, South East London, shares a flat with boyfriend Ben, 28, and their cats Max and Harry. Keeba says: ‘It is great to have a camera to keep an eye on them. At Christmas time I was watching and saw that the tree had got knocked down so knew they were up to no good.’ She adds: ‘They both love playing with the laser but if you try talking to them it can be a bit of a shock – we drew the line at buying a model that feeds the cats as well because they get greedy.’ Other devices to keep an eye on the pet include a £250 Furbo that has a camera and also throws out snacks. A £140 programmable feeder from PetSafe puts the pet food out at a certain time. Lower insurance with home security  There is a growing number of security devices that monitor what is going on inside the home that complement traditional burglar alarms. They are unobtrusive devices about the size of a handheld camera and sit in prime spots around the home, such as a kitchen. If they spot anything out of the ordinary going on in the house a text alert is sent to your mobile. You then have the option to set off a noisy alarm back in the house to hopefully frighten off any potential intruders. By adding a layer of security these devices can also cut the cost of building and contents insurance. The average cost of buildings and contents cover is £291, according to the Association of British Insurers. A burglar alarm can cut premiums by 10 per cent. Among the devices on the market is the £159 Cocoon. It picks up low-level sound waves and notifies you through an alarm sent to your smartphone if it hears something out of the ordinary. The device only operates when you are out of the home and quickly learns to ignore the usual movements, such as a pet walking around. Other security devices that can help keep insurance premiums down by linking a home camera to a smartphone include the £200 D-Link Omna 180; the £160 Canary; and the £159 Nest Cam Indoor. All these cameras can be set up to record unusual movement and include night vision. Plug a leak to save money  A dripping tap might not look like an emergency, but if not dealt with it can cause costly damage to the home. According to the Association of British Insurers, the industry pays out £2.5 million a day on water damage claims. A burst pipe causes on average £2,700 of damage – wrecking floors and carpets, damaging walls and destroying favourite furniture. Often the first tell-tale signs you have a problem is the sound of dripping water – and fixing it early can mean you do not suffer a burst pipe. Devices such as the £149 LeakBot keep an eye on your entire plumbing system and if a leak is spotted will alert you via a text message. The device is clipped on to a water pipe situated by your mains stop tap – usually under a kitchen sink. Remote apps can also be used to look out for emergencies such as fires or carbon monoxide poisoning. Companies such as Roost sell a £25 smart battery that can be fitted into existing smoke or carbon dioxide alarms. It can send a text to your phone if the alarm goes off. How to stay switched on to the TV revolution: Get a greater choice of free TV  We are no longer stuck with a handful of terrestrial television options – but can get access to hundreds of free channels over the radio waves, cables and the internet. You can join this revolution by investing as little as £20 for a set-top box that will give you more than 100 channels offered through Freeview. You plug a cable into your old TV aerial socket and the other end into the back of your television. On top of the usual channels – such as the BBC, ITV and Channel 4 – you get a host of others including Dave and Pick TV. Alternatively, you might want to take advantage of Freesat if you have a satellite dish on the side of your house. Boxes cost from about £80 but will give you access to more than 200 channels and you do not need to pay for a subscription. 'Be future ready': Ion Smith of Cyberhomes and, top, Netflix show The Crown Each TV usually needs its own set-top box but if you buy a modern TV you may find it already has Freeview or Freesat technology inside the set. Viewers still pay £147 a year for a TV licence – although if aged over 75 you can enjoy TV for free. Multi-room systems can be set up with a single set-top box or DVD player serving several screens. There is also a host of streaming services that let you watch TV over the internet. Providers such as Netflix charge from £5.99 a month for access to thousands of shows. If you want to watch using more than one TV you pay £8.99 for a ‘premium’ service. Each TV needs to be plugged into the internet. Amazon Prime TV starts from £7.99 a month and also gives subscribers access to its next-day postal service and access to its streamed music. If you want access to Sky and its hundreds of channels subscriptions start from £22 a month. This includes a box on which you can record shows. A set-top box usually only works for one TV but if you want a ‘multi-room’ deal, Sky charges from £32 a month, including required extra boxes. Anyone wanting to watch TV in several rooms and perhaps include a surround sound system to give the feeling of being in a cinema, should consider using a professional installer to ensure that no unsightly cables are left lying around the home. Ion Smith, of Cyberhomes, says: ‘Be future ready. For example, the latest technology is 4k – ultra-high definition TV. Make sure any wiring is ready for this as in a few years it could be the norm.’ Cut the cost of your weekly shop with the help of a virtual butler One of the must-have gadgets of the moment is a virtual personal assistant. Companies such as Amazon are keen to promote the charms of a female-sounding butler called Alexa who can link up to a smartphone app. Back to the future: Companies such as Amazon are keen to promote the charms of a female-sounding butler called Alexa The robot can answer verbal queries by searching for answers online and then telling you what she has found out. Among the more useful tasks are recording shopping lists, booking tickets, playing tunes and remembering birthdays. By helping you be more organised she might save you money and time. The average family spends more than £85 a week on groceries and if you plan ahead with a list, it targets your needs and helps you avoid impulse purchases that can easily add £20 to a weekly bill. Alexa requires a £150 Echo console, pictured right, that sits at home wherever the family spends most of its time. This device is connected to the internet via wi-fi and has a speaker for talking. You can also connect to Alexa via a smartphone app.The main competition is the £129 Google Home, below, that has similar skills. She may look more attractive than Alexa – resembling a modern vase rather than a cylinder – but does not have a name. Other voice-activated software includes Siri from Apple that works on a smartphone. Facebook launched its own ‘M’ virtual assistant in the US last month on its Messenger service – with a UK version expected out later this summer. Share or comment on this article e-mail Most watched Money videos Rolls-Royce showcases its bespoke capabilities in stylish car Investing Show: Should you invest in India? Watch the production of the one-millionth Porsche 911 The world's largest luxury car 'Vending Machine' in Singapore Investing Show: Can the FTSE 250 continue its strong run? The exciting launch film for Mini Remastered by David Brown New wireless charging road charges electric vehicles on the move Investing Show: Will shares go off the boil or keep rising? Anthony Joshua receives 'phenomenal' bespoke Range Rover New Beatrix Potter 50p coins unveiled including Peter Rabbit Aston Martin race vehicles to celebrate opening of factory Time to invest in Europe? It's not fixed, warns Tom Becket Stunning £10M yacht-inspired Rolls-Royce Sweptail sails... 'I was taken in by a bogus website and lost £4,500': Turn... BA cancels all flights from London Heathrow and Gatwick... Thousands face shock as energy bills leap by... 'We have a raft of cost-saving gadgets in our home': Save... SALLY HAMILTON: Should I change my name by deed poll... Challenger banks say RBS should be forced to sell off £20... In a message that many of his customers won’t want to... Petrol prices at lowest since last autumn, with experts... US law firm claims I have £110,000 in shares to claim but... 'We plan theatre trips once we finish talking about... Motorists flocking into Moto service stations helping to... 'I prefer planet-friendly investments': Ethical bank... Campaign for Real Ale hit by drop in visitors to its beer... Google, Facebook and other digital giants could be forced... SIMON WATKINS: Entrepreneur Philip Day's bid to launch... MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Data-gathering specialist GB... MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Specialist insurer Global Benefits... MOST READ MONEY Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 1 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment Post comment to your Facebook Timeline What's This? By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Enter search term: Search All Articles Share prices Portfolio Newsletter Guides Savings rates Deals Calculators 8 WAYS TO SLASH YOUR BILLS Home insurance Electricity & gas Car insurance Breakdown insurance Mortgages Travel insurance Credit cards Loans     DON'T MISS The 20 investment trusts that raised dividend payouts every year for at least 20 and one is up 295% over the last decade On course for a crash? Credit agencies warn falling used car prices and diesel crackdown could sink Britain's £31bn pile of motor finance debt Jaguar reveals its most powerful car ever... and it's a four door saloon The XE SV Project 8 that will be even more potent than an XJ220 I have made 42 years of national insurance contributions: so why am I being denied a full state pension? RAY MASSEY: Jaguar scores a royal flush with an E-Type, a Mk V drophead coupe and a Mk IX at Pippa's wedding Join our Summer Collective to squeeze a cheaper energy deal direct from suppliers Don't leave your bills in the hands of politicians. Six ways to raise money to expand or start-up a business How to fund your brilliant business idea. Car scrappage scheme returns, courtesy of Vauxhall Carmaker offers £2k for your old banger. 'A four-day working week would increase our quality of life more than any amount of economic growth' The Green Party has at least one thing right, says ADRIAN LOWERY. What is a consumer? We reveal where the notion came from and why we aren't bigger spendthrifts than in the past. How you can save thousands with a new investing website How US firm Vanguard's rock-bottom fees measure up. The great annuity betrayal: Robbed of 65% of pension income... - the loyal customers callously sold rip-off deals. Cash Isa savers can still get a 4% return... - but top regular savings deal is set to close soon. Is it really safe to pay for parking on your mobile? No, say the drivers hit by unfair fines Admiral hiding real price hikes: Thousands of customers given misleading figures that make premium increases seem smaller Have you been paying for your AA cover twice? Lloyds or TSB current account holders could receive refunds of £2,000. I want to transfer £20k from my cash Isa into an investing Isa, but how do I pick more than one fund? INVESTMENT CLINIC. Insurance giants vow to try to help savers stuck with meagre deals get lump sums Could you cash in a dud annuity? MORE IN BILLS Broadband & phones News, tips and advice Household bills Advice on payments Money saving ideas Look after your pennies Cheaper energy bills Are you paying too much? Cheaper home insurance Save money, compare now     BILLS: DON'T MISS A plague of moths is invading Britain causing millions of pounds of damage How to fight back against the attack of the hungry house moths The cheapest mobile charges abroad It will soon be free to use your mobile in Europe - but head to the USA and you risk a £3,000 bill From marriage perks to broadband: 13 ways to fight off the taxman How to cut your tax bills with a clear conscience If I have a smart meter fitted will I be charged more for my energy? Will my smart meter charge me more for electricity used at peak times? Should you say goodbye to your home phone line? Toby Walne plots the rise and fall of the landline Cancer sufferer cuts her £3,000 travel insurance bill to £134 Eileen went to a specialist firm for cover when she was rejected elsewhere Why it makes financial sense to get hitched Your financial rights if you're not married Could you make money from your old rubbish? Everything from jam jars to old loo roll tubes and milk bottle tops are selling online The families who pay less to vacuum when it rains How smart meters are changing the way we pay for energy How much cheaper will my bills be if I wash my clothes at 30C? Can I cut my energy bills by washing on a lower temperature? The best ways to beat nuisance calls Security expert reveals his tips and warns conmen will find a chink in BT's new call-blocking armour Ten great credit rating myths busted... Living with indebted friends WON'T affect your score - and there's no such thing as a credit black list: Fix your bills: How to cut your everyday costs and keep saving money all year round Energy bills: Is it worth switching and which are the best deals? LATEST ON HOUSEHOLD Bills 'We have a raft of cost-saving gadgets in our home': Save hundreds on household bills - by remote control MONEY MORALS: I bought a suitcase online but two arrived instead of one. Should I keep both or return one? Don’t leave your energy bills in the hands of politicians: Join our Summer Collective to squeeze a cheaper deal direct from suppliers Admiral hiding real price hikes: Thousands of customers given misleading figures that make premium increases seem smaller Think you are getting a raw deal on your broadband? The best deals to get you faster speeds and smaller bills Energy bills: Could you cut your fuel costs by switching to the best deals? How to save a small fortune on your mobile: The best value SIM-only smartphone deals and how to spot a deal that's too good to be true Harmful alien species are invading our gardens, ponds and patios and can cost £10,000 of damage: Here's how to fight costly invaders like Japanese Knotweed LEE BOYCE: No trains most evenings until December at short notice and not a penny back... why aren't commuters compensated for engineering works? Energy probe? Bring it on, say bosses of power firms - share prices rise as experts say Tory review will justify price hikes MORE HEADLINES     Find cheaper insurance now Home insurance Travel insurance Car insurance Breakdown cover     TOP CALCULATORS This is Money's calculators and tools All our calculators in one place. See how they could help you Historic inflation: how the value of money has changed The effects of inflation since 1900 and what past prices mean today True cost mortgage tool - rates AND fees Compare the cost of rival fixed and tracker rate mortgages Mortgage affordability: How much you can borrow Find out how much you can afford to borrow and the difference between repayment and interest-only Monthly or lump sum savings calculator How much a regular monthly savings scheme could make or a lump sum could be worth. Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Apple Continues as Best Performing DJIA Stock of 2017 By Paul Ausick May 27, 2017 8:58 am EDT Print Email Tweet Shares of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) added $0.65 last week, just a slight gain (0.4%) after posting its latest 52-week high on May 15. The company remains the best-performing stock by a wide margin among the 30 equities that comprise the Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA). The company’s stock is up 32.63% year to date, well above second-place McDonald’s 23.12% improvement. The company’s market cap at Friday’s close was $803.67 billion, so it’s position as the world’s most valuable publicly traded company remains secure. Apple and Nokia last week settled a patent licensing dispute, ending up with Apple signing a multiyear license related to Nokia’s intellectual property. In addition, in its new incarnation as a networking equipment supplier, Nokia will supply Apple with network infrastructure products like routers and switches, along with technical services. That was the good news on Apple’s legal front. The less-good news is that the company’s dispute with Qualcomm continues as the chipmaker has now requested a court order to force Apple’s contract manufacturers to keep paying royalties while the legal case with Apple proceeds. Apple also applied for a license from the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) that would allow the company to test 5G cellular service in the 28-Ghz and 39-Ghz bands. According to a report at Business Insider, Apple is testing the piece of 5G service known as millimeter-wave technology. Interestingly, the DJIA’s worst performing stock in 2017 is Verizon, which just paid $3.1 billion for a huge swath of spectrum in those very bands. Apple shares closed at $153.61 on Friday, in a 52-week range of $91.50 to $156.65. The consensus 12-month price target is $160.94, according to MarketWatch. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Best Buy and More of the Biggest Earnings Winners From The Past Week Verizon’s Reign as DJIA’s Worst Performing 2017 Stock Now at 6 Weeks » Read more: Technology, Corporate Performance, Dow Jones Industrial Average, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular Cities Where You Don't Want to Get Sick States With the Most (and Least) Identity Theft America's Six-Figure Jobs The Most Dangerous City in Every State Customer Service Hall of Shame Recent Disney’s Pirates of the Caribbean Sequel Should Win the Weekend, Despite Lukewarm Reviews Verizon’s Reign as DJIA’s Worst Performing 2017 Stock Now at 6 Weeks Apple Continues as Best Performing DJIA Stock of 2017 Best Buy and More of the Biggest Earnings Winners From The Past Week Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Does Cognizant Technology Fit the Bill as Buffett's Ideal Business? Why I Won't Go Near Brick-and-Mortar Apparel Stocks Right Now Disney Earnings Give a Look at How ESPN Is Facing the Future Deckers Outdoor's stock soars 19% to 9-mo. high, paces NYSE advancers Amazon's stock rises 0.2%, closes at record every day this week S&P 500 ekes out new closing record Should You Buy Wynn Resorts (WYNN) Stock? Here's Why You Should Add Aflac (AFL) Stock to Portfolio Now Global Payments (GPN) to Provide Samsung Pay in Hong Kong Mother of Uber CEO Travis Kalanick killed in boat accident Jet owned by Elvis auctioned after sitting 35 years Trump's trip: Conventional images and unconventional talk 'Pirates 5' Eyes Box Office Domination While 'Baywatch' Drowns Doing The Right Thing Shouldn’t Be This Remarkable Top Trump Economic Adviser: Coal Doesn't Make Sense Anymore Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Digital Trends Home > Mobile > 5 solutions to fix your Huawei P10’s… 5 solutions to fix your Huawei P10’s problems and get it back to normal By Kyree Leary — Updated May 25, 2017 1:20 am Subscribe Share Inez del Prado Photography Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends Get today's popular Digital Trends articles in your inbox: The Huawei P10 and P10 Plus are an impressive pair of smartphones, which aim to compete with the current offerings from Samsung, Google, and Apple. The devices haven’t been around for very long, and they’re currently unreleased in the United States, but that didn’t stop us from putting our ears to the digital ground to hear the complaints of the masses. You may have seen a couple of these Huawei P10 problems already, especially if you’re considering upgrading, but it never hurts to know what the big issues are, find out if they’re actually problems, and see whether solutions are available now or coming soon. Problem: Slow memory speeds This particular problem has been noticed by Chinese owners and reported on by both Engadget and Android Central. It’s not something most people would notice, but the basic issue is this: The Huawei P10 and P10 Plus should have decent flash memory speeds, or speeds that outperform older Huawei phones like the Mate 9. However, some of the company’s new handsets have not met expectations, which prompted many to wonder if something was wrong with their new smartphones, or if Huawei wasn’t being as truthful about their device’s technical specs. Official solution: The Huawei P10 and P10 Plus can have one of two chips, the older eMMC 5.1, or the newer UFS 2.0/2.1. Due to supply shortages, Huawei had to substitute the UFS chips with the eMMC, resulting in the aforementioned slower speeds. It’s unclear if newer batches of the phone will all have the UFS chips, but for right now, either you got lucky and your phone has the latest chip, or you were unlucky and have to deal with the eMMC chips. Problem: Device doesn’t work after unlock After unlocking the Huawei P10 using the fingerprint sensor, the phone will occasionally cease to function correctly. The user can still swipe on the home screen, but cannot open apps, navigate menus, or even lock the phone. Instead, the screen can just be turned off. Temporary solution: Restarting the phone has been said to briefly fix the problem. After an unspecified amount of time, however, the problem will return. Potential solutions: Wipe the cache partition: Start by turning your phone off completely. Press and hold the Volume Up and Power keys until the Huawei logo appears and the screen turns black. Release the keys and “EMUI” should appear, meaning you’ve triggered the phone’s recovery system. Use the Volume Down key to highlight wipe cache partition and use the Power key to select it. Confirm your selection, and wait for your phone to finish the wiping process. Afterward, it should restart automatically. Factory reset: If you’re still able to navigate through your phone’s menus, go to Settings > Advanced settings > Backup & reset > Factory data reset > Reset phone. Be sure not to tap “Erase internal storage,” as this will wipe all of your music, photos, and videos. If you wish to back up your data before the reset, go to Backup > Internal storage > Next. Then, choose what you want to save and tap Back up. You can also connect your phone to your PC using a USB cable, if you want to back up your data. If you’re unable to navigate the menus, Huawei has a program for the PC called HiSuite, which can be used to back up your phone, restore your data, update the firmware, and even factory reset it. Boot phone into Safe Mode, as a third-party app could be causing the issue: To boot into Safe Mode, start by turning your phone off. Press and hold the Power key. When the Huawei logo appears, release the Power key, then hold down the Volume Down key. If done correctly, you should see “Safe Mode“ on the screen. If your phone can be unlocked and functions normally, it’s possible that a third-party app is the cause of the malfunction. Delete other third-party apps one by one until you discover the culprit. Contact Huawei Support. Annoyance: Device asks for PIN/password instead of fingerprint Threads on the XDA Developers and Android Central forums have people asking about a scenario in which the Huawei P10 asks its user to unlock the device using a method other than the fingerprint sensor. According to both threads, every three days the device will require a PIN or password to unlock, instead of the set fingerprints. Official solution: This is a feature built into the EMUI software running on Huawei phones, and is meant to act as a security measure. The user manual for the P10 even states that you can only use a fingerprint to unlock the phone “when the unlock method is set to PIN or password.” So, while PIN or password security is always on, you’re just being allowed to use the fingerprint sensor for a time. Should you ever restart your device, or the fingerprint scan fails, you’ll always have the PIN or password as a backup. For now, however, there doesn’t seem to be a way to extend how long you can go without using the PIN or password. B. Diddy, an Android Central forum user, notes that this requirement also happens on Nexus phones, so it’s not something exclusive to Huawei. Issue: Volume unusually loud for app notifications, alarms, and media A handful of people on the XDA Developers forums have all run into the same issue involving their P10 and P10 Plus’ volume levels. Users are able to adjust the volume for the phone’s ringer as intended, but are unable to control how loud sounds are for other aspects of the device, such as app notifications, alarms, video calls from apps like WhatsApp, and more. For some, sounds still play, even when they’re supposed to be muted, or when the phone is in Silent Mode (Settings > Sound > Silent Mode). Potential workaround: If sounds — other than those tied to your phone’s ringer — are too loud, simply turning them off via the “Do not disturb” feature may provide some peace and quiet. Enable and configure the feature in Settings > Do not disturb, and toggle Do not disturb on. Afterward, tap Do not disturb mode and you can configure settings for incoming calls and messages, and adjust which alarms are allowed to play when this mode is enabled. Potential solutions: A future update issued by Huawei for EMUI may fix this issue, or perhaps a future Android update. Restart your phone and head to Settings > Sound > Volume to adjust your phone’s system volume. Here, you’ll find volume sliders for alarms, ringtones, media, and calls. Reset your phone to its initial factory settings and see if you can adjust the various volumes to your liking. Reach out to Huawei support. Glitch: Fingerprint sensor not working For one reason or another, some Huawei P10 owners have found they’re suddenly unable to use the fingerprint sensor, and the option found within the phone’s menus is gone as well. It’s unclear what causes the issue, and whether Huawei is aware of this problem, which seems to be afflicting a small number of people. Temporary solution: A factory reset has been said to bring sensor functionality back. Potential solutions: Restart your  phone and try the fingerprint sensor again. Boot your phone into Safe Mode and see if the problem persists. If not, a third-party app may be causing the issue, and you may have to find and delete the app to resolve it. To boot into Safe Mode, start by turning your phone off. Press and hold the Power key. When the Huawei logo appears, release the Power key, then hold down the Volume Down key. If done correctly, you should see “Safe Mode” on the screen. Reach out to Huawei Support to ask about a replacement phone, or to have your phone repaired, as your fingerprint sensor may be faulty.
FINANCIAL SENSE 28 May 2017 FS Insider Login Home Podcast Technician Big Picture Lifetime Income FS Insider Expert List Sponsors Blog Subscribe Video Contributors About Us Contact Us Mission & History Parent Company Site Statistics Invest With Us Commodities Economy Energy Global Markets Metals Storm Watch Home Subscribe   These “High-Five” Stocks Are Having a Massive Influence on the Market Patrick O'Hare05/26/2017 Print Apple (AAPL), Alphabet (GOOG), Microsoft (MSFT), Amazon.com (AMZN), and Facebook (FB) &mndash; these five companies are the five largest companies in the S&P 500 based on market capitalization. In aggregate, their market value is $2.93 trillion! Why are we bothering to point out their collective market capitalization? Because size matters greatly in a market-capitalization weighted index like the S&P 500 (and Nasdaq 100 for that matter). There is more to it than that, though, for individual investors to consider. Following Directions So, just how big are these five companies combined? Here are some eye-opening facts for perspective: The market value of the S&P 500 financial sector, which is comprised of 65 companies, including JP Morgan Chase (JPM) and Goldman Sachs (GS), is $2.89 trillion. If AAPL, GOOG, MSFT, and FB are excluded, the S&P 500 information technology sector would slip from the largest sector by weight (23.1%) to the fourth-largest sector (11.3%) AAPL and GOOG each have a larger market capitalization than the S&P 500 utilities, real estate, materials and telecom services sectors The cash alone on Apple's balance sheet is greater than the market value of all but nine companies in the S&P 500 AAPL, GOOG, MSFT, AMZN and FB comprise 44% of the total market value of the Nasdaq 100 If these companies comprised their own sector, it would be the largest sector in the S&P 500 To say the least, it matters to the broader market when these stocks go up or down &mndash; and even more so when they all move in the same direction at the same time. In 2017 they have all been moving in the same direction. That direction has been up. Apple has led the pack with a 33% gain and it has been closely followed by Amazon and Facebook, both of which are up 32%. Alphabet, which is up 26% year-to-date, and Microsoft, which is up 12%, have been the other fine points on this pentagon of outperformance. The average price return for this group is 27.2%. In comparison, the S&P 500 is up 7.9% year-to-date, the Nasdaq 100 is up 18.8% year-to-date, and the S&P 500 information technology sector is up 19.6% year-to-date. All Else Not Equal There has been more to the market's returns this year than just these stocks, yet it is clear the price returns would not be as high as they are without the sponsorship that has been provided by these five heavily-weighted issues, all of which are comfortably outperforming the S&P 500. With the recent run to record highs for the S&P 500, the performance gap between the S&P 500 Price Index and the S&P 500 Equal-Weighted Price Index has stretched to 175 basis points, which is the widest it has been all year and reflective of a market running to new highs on narrowing leadership. The members of our esteemed group, which we will dub the "High Five," have all outperformed the S&P 500 since May 17. Recall the S&P 500 declined 1.8% that day following a New York Times article highlighting a conversation between President Trump and former FBI Director Comey in February in which the president allegedly said he hoped the FBI could drop its investigation of former National Security Adviser, Michael Flynn. Some pundits suggested that was tantamount to an obstruction of justice by the president, which is an impeachable offense. The stock market literally spent all of a day ruminating over the idea of impeachment before brushing it off and rallying back in a patented buy-the-dip effort. In fact, the S&P 500 has gone up every day since May 17, tacking on 58 points or 2.5%. Notably, the "High Five" underperformed on May 17, with an average loss of 2.8%; and they have outperformed in the subsequent rebound with an average gain of 4.2%. The salient point is that their leadership can cut hard both ways. Exposure The individual investor might not think much of the latter point if they don't own the stocks individually, yet it is an important point if they own a passively-managed index fund, or ETF, tied to the performance of the S&P 500 or Nasdaq 100 like the Vanguard S&P 500 ETF (VOO), the SPDR S&P 500 ETF (SPY), or the PowerShares QQQ ETF (QQQ). In that regard, the individual investor indirectly owns these stocks, so they are not immune to their behavior. The same can be said if an individual investor owns an actively-managed fund whose performance benchmark is the S&P 500. A fund manager is apt to have exposure (perhaps heavy exposure) to the "High Five," knowing that he/she would need to own these stocks to improve their chance of outperforming the benchmark. The largest and most recognized asset managers in the business all have exposure to the "High Five," but none more so than Vanguard, which is the largest institutional owner of all five stocks. Fidelity, Blackrock (BLK), T. Rowe Price (TROW), and State Street Global Advisors (SSgA) are also among the top six largest institutional shareholders of the "High Five" as well. Stock Vanguard BlackRock Fidelity T. Rowe Price SSgA Apple 6.59% (1)* 4.25% (2) 2.96% (4) 1.45% (6) 4.22% (3) Alphabet 5.78% (1) 3.57% (3) 3.92% (2) 3.05% (5) 3.51% (4) Microsoft 6.98% (1) 4.20% (3) 2.10% (6) 2.38% (5) 4.12% (4) Amazon 5.46% (1) 3.34% (6) 3.84% (3) 4.06% (2) 3.46% (5) Facebook 6.66% (1) 4.07% (3) 5.43% (2) 3.05% (5) 3.95% (4) Source: FactSet; Company Filings *Number represents ranking as institutional holder of stock What It All Means The concentration of "High Five" ownership, not just by the largest asset managers but many other small- and mid-sized asset managers as well, is an important thing to consider as the market runs to new highs. That broad exposure serves a lot of investors well when the upward trend is their friend, yet it can hurt just as bad if the trend shifts for these stocks for any reason spanning from an earnings disappointment from one of the companies to a macro risk event to a valuation-based sell-off. Because they are widely owned, they could also be widely sold. That would have a cascading effect on the broader market, too, since the leadership of the "High Five" has been instrumental in padding the gains of the broader market. If their leadership faltered, investor sentiment would as well. The "High Five" are much loved these days and, to be fair, they have fundamentally justified a lot of the affection they have gotten from investors. Nevertheless, there is some sizable concentration risk in the names since they are seemingly favored by "everyone" these days. AAPL is trading 23% above its 200-day simple moving average; GOOG is trading 19% above its 200-day simple moving average; Microsoft is trading 12% above its 200-day simple moving average; AMZN is trading 20% above its 200-day simple moving average; and FB is trading 16% above its 200-day simple moving average. Individual stocks and the broader market can stay overbought for an extended period. It is happening right now with these stocks, evidenced by the distance they are trading from their 200-day simple moving averages. In the context of certain stocks like the "High Five," and the broader market itself, is priced for perfection, one must not forget the weight of expectations, and concentration risk, attached to them. It has created a situation where the downside risk has gotten elevated along with their respective stock prices. Read next Art Hill: As Tech Stocks Explode Higher, Odds Build for Summer Correction CLICK HERE to subscribe to the free weekly Best of Financial Sense Newsletter . Print About Patrick O'Hare Patrick O'Hare Chief Market Analyst at Briefing.com http://www.briefing.com Patrick O'Hare Archive 05/08/2017 Why the US Economy Isn't Earning Its Keep story 05/01/2017 Four Reasons Tax Cuts Could Be a Big Dud story 04/17/2017 Bond Spreads, Yield Curves, and French Elections story 03/24/2017 Atlanta GDPNow Confirms “Hard” Data Still Disappointing story 02/27/2017 The Surprise Factor story 02/21/2017 What Could Go Wrong? story 02/13/2017 Earnings Provide Foundational Value story 02/07/2017 A Trade-Off War Is Brewing story 01/30/2017 Global Growth Is 'N Sync – All Eyes on Yields story 01/09/2017 Inflation: Up and to the Right story The opinions of the contributors to Financial Sense® do not necessarily reflect those of Financial Sense, its staff, or its parent company, PFS Group. © 1997–2017 Financial Sense® All Rights Reserved. PO Box 503147 San Diego, CA 92150-3147 USA 858.487.3939 Contact Us | Invest with Us | Copyright | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Site Map Share RSS Podcast Facebook Twitter YouTube
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple 9 paid iPhone apps on sale for free today Zach Epstein BGR News May 26, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share It’s our last list of the day’s best paid iPhone and iPad apps before the long holiday weekend, so we did our best to find some cool new apps for you to enjoy. You’ll find nine new ones in Friday’s post, though there are also still a few freebies left over from yesterday if you want to go back and check them out. Don't Miss: Don’t even pretend you already knew all 10 of these hidden iPhone tricks These are paid iPhone and iPad apps that have been made available for free for a limited time by their developers. There is no way to tell how long they will be free. These sales could end an hour from now or a week from now — obviously, the only thing we can guarantee is that they were free at the time this post was written. If you click on a link and see a price listed next to an app instead of the word “get,” it is no longer free. The sale has ended. If you download the app, you will be charged. Voice Launcher Normally $0.99. Tired of looking for an app on the home screen? This is the app for you! Instantly launch your apps with your voice! # Features – Voice Launcher detects the sound of keywords defined by you and launches apps using the URL scheme. – Sound detection is processed locally in the app. No server connection makes possible a speedy response! – Easy setup using templates for common URL Schemes. – 519 pre-installed images to customize shortcut icons. – Shortcuts are synchronized between your devices via iCloud. – Spanish acoustic model is also available for Spanish speakers. # How to use 1. Create a new shortcut with a name. It will be the keyword for the app to detect the sound. 2. Enter an URL scheme for launching your app. 3. Save the shortcut. 4. Bring your mouth closer to the microphone. 5. Speak the keyword into the microphone. Download Voice Launcher PhotoBot Normally $4.99. Take selfies without having to press any button! Even use the front camera without having to twist your wrist trying to press the button. Mount your iPhone somewhere and pose as much as you want. PhotoBot will snap it all for you! THE STRUGGLE ======== We all know the struggle when taking selfies, It’s PRESSING THE BUTTON! When you take selfies with group of friends, You somehow frame everyone in the photo but then realize it’s hard to press the capture button, because you are holding the phone with one hand and capture button is a bit far to reach. You then use the volume button to capture but it leaves you with a blurry photo because when you try to press that hard button it shakes the phone. The other case is you go to some beautiful place and then you want to take a picture, For example you standing in front of tower Eiffel. Now you have mounted the phone on a tripod or something, then put the self timer. and you go and stand there for the picture. It burst with 10 photos almost identical to each other. there’s no variety. If your pose is not that good in those 10 photos, then you have to stand for the photo again. PHOTOBOT SOLUTION ========= But with PhotoBot app all you have to do is mount the phone and go pose as much as you want, photo bot will take a picture each second (Or amount of seconds you prefer), and all your poses will be captured. Then you will have a lot of great photos to chose from. FEATURES – Take photos automatically – Set time delay – Change camera – Change Flash mode (Auto, On or Off) – Browse photos – Shows photo count – Easy to use. (iOS camera feeling) Read More Download PhotoBot Lifekees Normally $9.99. Lifekees keeps all your passwords, usernames and personal information organized, secure and readily available on all your devices with one secret password. Lifekees helps you: – Securely save passwords, usernames, account numbers, credit card information and other private data – Keep your data synchronised, backed up and available on all your devices – Quickly access your data with the secure pattern lock – Generate secure passwords with the touch of a button – Easily organise all your passwords in groups – Share your passwords with your friends and family PERSONAL ENCRYPTION & SECURITY The data you store in Lifekees is encrypted and accessible only with your secret Lifekees account password known only by you. – State of the art AES-256 bit encryption protects your data – Your data is always stored on your device fully encrypted and protected – Your data is always transferred between your devices fully encrypted and protected – Nobody can help you recover your passwords if you loose your Lifekees account password TRUSTED BY THOUSANDS Since its launch in 2015, Lifekees has experienced steady growth to the point that it is now loved and trusted by thousands of users world wide. State of the art personal security combined with a minimalistic interface gives Lifekees users just what they need without complications. Download Lifekees EXIF Viewer by Fluntro Normally $2.99. *** Featured by Apple on US and Canada Appstore *** EXIF Viewer is beautiful App along with Photos Extension, Recent Photo’s EXIF Widget and iMessage App. It is well crafted app for professional photographers who are serious about their work. It’s an universal app, buy once, use on all your iOS devices (iPhone, iPad, iPod Touch). WHAT ARE FEATURES IN APP? ▸ App allows you to remove EXIF metadata including Photos GPS location known as Geotagging of photos. ▸ App displays EXIF metadata of any photo on your iOS device(s), Photo Stream or iCloud. ▸ Display EXIF tags like ISO,Shutter Speed,Focal length,Camera Model,Lens Model,Time stamp,Aperture,Shutter Count ▸ Ability to Zoom in photos,even with large size like 80 MB without loosing clarity / resolution. ▸ Re-order EXIF tags in the way you prefer & ability to hide EXIF tags that you don’t want to see. ▸ Select your preferred date formats (eg 1 day ago vs August 24th 2014 vs 24-08-2016 etc). ▸ You can optionally hide photos without EXIF metadata. ▸ Navigate quickly between next and previous photos in Exif detail screen by swiping right or left. ▸ App works great on landscape and portrait mode on iPads. ▸ App is optimised for all latest iOS Devices including iPhone 5SE,iPhone 6S,iPhone 6s+,iPad Mini,iPad air,iPad Pro. ▸ App also support 3D Touch on iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus (or newer device with 3D Touch support). Including Appshortcut to access “Favorites”,”Photostreams”,”Albums”,”All photos” quickly. Also Peek and POP functionality on ExifCards and photos in grid view. ▸ Ability to share Image with or without EXIF Metadata. ▸ Copy EXIF data to Clipboard (So that you can paste & share EXIF data as text in any other app). ▸ Most Messaging and Social networking apps remove EXIF Metadata from photos you send/receive. However, sending photos using Mail/ AirDrop retains or SD Card reader/Camera connection kit etc retains EXIF metadata. HOW TO REMOVE EXIF METADATA on iPhone or iPad using Exif Viewer app by Fluntro You have option to remove EXIF data in two different ways 1) Overwrite newly created photo without EXIF data on original image (However other apps can revert back to original photo if needed) 2) Create duplicate copy of photo without EXIF details. (We also have option to remove original photo after duplicated copy is created) DIFFERENT TYPES OF VIEWS AVAILABLE ON EXIF VIEWER APP 1) EXIF Cards List view (as shown in screenshot), swipe to flip cards for Quick EXIF Details 2) Grid view 3) Map view shows cluster of photos on the map and view EXIF Details by tapping on photo (Satellite & Standard view) HOW TO REORDER OR HIDE EXIF TAGS IN EXIF VIEWER APP? Go to Settings > Manage & reorder Exif data tags.Drag and drop items you want to reorder. Turn off EXIF tags you don’t want to see on EXIF Detail screen. HOW TO VIEW EXIF DATA USING EXIF VIEWER PHOTOS EXTENSION? 1) Open Native Photos App (or any other 3rd Party apps). Select desired photo (s) and tap on Share/Action button. Select ExifViewer app extension 2) Exif Viewer App extension with all EXIF details would be displayed. 3) Share photos with or without EXIF metadata or copy EXIF details to clipboard within Photos Extension. ▸ No in-app purchases will be added to this app in a future update. So all upcoming features will be free of cost. Download EXIF Viewer by Fluntro Magic Window Normally $2.99. Turn your iPhone or iPad into a window with a million dollar view. Enjoy beautiful timelapse views with relaxing ambient soundtracks. Perfect for your desk, night stand, flat panel, or Apple TV. Includes weather, alarm clock, wake to music, sleep timer, and more. As seen in Apple’s “Brilliant” iPhone Commercials. Chosen by Apple as a Staff Favorite, New & Noteworthy, and What’s Hot. #1 Entertainment App for iPad – As seen in USA Today and Mashable “When you think of one word to describe Magic Window that word is amazing.” -AppAdvice “This is one beautiful and mesmerizing app. It really is magic.” -AppModo “An absolutely dazzling alternative to family photos… one of my favorite apps for a docked iPad” -CNet “A very creative use of the hardware … very well done” -148Apps “Turn Your iPad into a moving landscape with Magic Window” -Mashable “The scenes are very tranquil and calming and can really suck you in” -MyAppleGuide NEW VERSION 6.0 The ultimate desk stand, night stand, and relaxation application. Universal for iPad, iPhone, and iPod touch. An amazing selection of interactive Timelapse scenes mixed with high-quality ambient soundtracks. It’s like taking a mini-vacation around the world from your iPad or iPhone. Explore 22 stunning scenes and watch them come to life before your eyes. Relax with ambient soundtracks mixed seamlessly with living scenery. Go to sleep to a sunset in Tokyo and wake up to a sunrise in Costa Rica. Experience a complete sunset in two hours or twenty seconds. Save scenes as Live Photos and use them as Live Photo Wallpaper with 3D Touch on iPhone 6s, 6s+, 7, and 7+. Use them as Still Wallpaper on other iPhone models and iPad. Sunsets, sunrises, cities, mountains, beaches, and coasts will liven your office or any room in your home. The touch time control will amaze you and your friends. Includes full support for external displays. Includes AirPlay support for most devices. Other devices can use the HDMI or VGA accessory cables to connect an external display. Supports resolutions up to 1920×1200. Magic Window also includes an Alarm Clock, Sleep Timer, Live Weather Conditions, Daily and Hourly Weather Forecasts. All cleanly integrated with cutting edge design. More than 100 additional scenes available for purchase through the Destination store in the app. All scenes in Magic Window were captured by professional timelapse photographers including Mike McCabe, Chad Richard, Hal Bergman, Jose Manuel Segura Alvarez, Sean Stiegemeier, and Ben Wiggins. These are some of the best timelapse photographers in the world. Download Magic Window Flux : a life book Normally $0.99. Flux: a life book Record your life with ‘Flux’. Infinite timelines, precise time pointers and handy tools. The new ‘Linear Timeline’ and beautifully designed environment. Everything’s ready for you. // Past, precent and future ‘Linear Timeline’ We tried to express the flow of time as connected indefinitely, and also tried flow can be visually felt. The Linear Timeline, dramatically expressing the infinite time and providing more precise control environment, by showing all the time in a simple line. – From year to minute scale, precise control – Dramatically continuous linear view // More than write. More emotional The important thing is, Flux is not just a memo. A concise writing environment provides the most complete functionality for expressing the moments. And the beautiful transition effect will stimulate your emotions. Flux will capture the moments more than what you feel. – Emotional design, for a sense of time flow – A variety tools to capture the moments // For perfect beauty. Only for the iOS We insist the perfect environment to express the better beauty of our products. Flux’s unique beauty is gently mingled with iOS, and it deliver more deeper, and more clear experience. – Beautiful design, optimized for iOS – Stylish color, clear user interface – iCloud sync and backup // Write on the flux. Another way to record Flux focuses on the stories that written on your past, present and the future. A new timeline that goes on infinitely, a concise and beautiful writing environment, and attractive colors. Everything is ready for you. Download Flux : a life book This is Dop Normally $1.99. Beautifully crafted puzzle game. Awesome cosmic sound accompaniment. Play now addictive game from Kazakhstan. Swipe the ball in right direction – you must follow colour pattern of both, ball and wall. Be careful not to swipe in wrong coloured wall, or you’ll lose your time. Earn points and unlock skins! Download This is Dop DoDone Normally $0.99. Done, the human to do app. Why is this app different? This app gets all the noise out of the way. You do the tasks you need to do today, and move all the other stuff away. You only manage tasks on a daily, weekly or monthly basis. How is it different? You don’t have tasks with a due date in the past. They need to be done today, or are not important, or can maybe be done next week… You move the tasks accordingly. No need to change it to a specific date. Just move it to the next workday, week … What does this mean? You set a daily, weekly and monthly review moment to move the tasks to the appropriate period. You set up the days you work on a project, so that when you move a task to the next day, it is the next workday for that project. Download DoDone Vocabrowser Normally $0.99. Expand your vocabulary efficiently as you browse your favourite websites for your language study! Customized web browser + vocabulary building tools for all language learners. # Features – [Customized Web Browser] Look up new words on web pages in your favorite dictionary sites, by simply tapping a word. – [Word List] Looked-up words are automatically tracked in your Word List for your review in the future. – [Flashcards] Review words with fun! Swipe cards to the left if you forgot the definition, or to the right if you learned it. – [Share Extension] You can easily add new bookmarks and words from Safari using the share button. Download Vocabrowser Trending right now: Verizon may have just made the world’s most pointless thing New report reaffirms the iPhone 8’s most exciting new feature The Nintendo Switch game we’ve been dying for was finally just released See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Mark Zuckerberg: The most important thing I built at Harvard Yahoo Tech NASA’s newest photo of Jupiter will blow your mind BGR News How the Microsoft Surface Pro compares to Apple's best Yahoo Tech Zuckerberg to Harvard grads: 'You have to create a sense of purpose for others' Yahoo Tech The new Samsung Galaxy does 27 things the iPhone doesn't Yahoo Tech Elvis Presley’s private jet just sold for well below its estimated auction price Digital Trends Why Amazon let 4,000 dogs into its Seattle headquarters Yahoo Tech The most important announcements from Google's big developers' conference Yahoo Tech A widely praised Supreme Court decision still doesn't fix the broken patent system Yahoo Tech I just watched Star Wars for the first time, and you’re all crazy Digital Trends No, your Apple computer isn't immune from ransomware Yahoo Tech This RoboCop car comes with an intruder-chasing drone as a sidekick Yahoo Tech Uber inadvertently underpaid New York City drivers for over two years Yahoo Tech Don’t even pretend you already knew all 10 of these hidden iPhone tricks BGR News How to avoid the massive WannaCry ransomware attack Yahoo Tech Pinterest now uses AI to figure out what you're eating in photos Yahoo Tech Now I get it: Ransomware Yahoo Tech Apple opens first official store in Southeast Asia AFP How to delete your data from your old devices Yahoo Tech 'Prey' review: You'll never be more afraid of a coffee cup Yahoo Tech
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Opinion: Even if you can, you probably shouldn't buy a Google Pixel anymore David Ruddock Follow View All Posts 2017/05/01 2:09pm PDTMay 1, 2017 111 Plus 1 on G+ 379 Share on Facebook 108 Share on Twitter Total Shares598 Editorials Pixel Pixel XL The Google Pixel is a notoriously hard phone to get a hold of. Persistent stock issues have plagued Google's first "in-house" handset from day one, and things really are little to no better six months after the launch event. Honestly, it's a bit embarrassing just how consistently incompetent Google seems to be at keeping a reasonable inventory of phones available for purchase. But setting that aside, as one of the Pixel's most ardent evangelists, I think there's something it's probably time for me to come clean on: Even if you could buy a Pixel today, I really think you shouldn't. The Pixel is a product with generation-one product issues. The Bluetooth performance is horrid. It's not waterproof. The bezels really are due for a shrink. I don't think the exterior coating on the black and blue variants is of a particularly high quality. The glass window gets scuffed up incredibly easily. The Snapdragon 821 is officially old news. And it doesn't support proper advanced network features across all four of the big US carriers. There are other flaws I could point to, and while none of them are too terrible, they do speak to the slightly-rushed development cycle this phone seems to have been subjected to. Sure, Google got some things astoundingly right: the performance, the camera, the larger software experience. In fact, I think the Pixel is easily the best Android smartphone ever for these strengths, at least if we're talking about me personally as a user (your mileage, obviously, may vary). But for all the great, smooth, fast, clean, pure, simple, natural, and various other adjective-members singing in the Pixel-praise cavalcade, this phone is not the one to buy right now. For starters, Google continues to ask what is an increasingly laughable amount of money for the model most of us want - the 128GB XL - at a staggering $870. Sure, Apple charges the same for an iPhone 7 Plus 128GB, but I'm under no illusion that this comparison in any way favors Google. The iPhone comes with Apple customer service (with actual stores), a longer software support period going forward, and runs no real risk of poor resale value. The Pixel? Google's online support is iffy at best, we know the phone will be unsupported by October 2018, and I have a strong feeling generation-one Pixel resale values will drop like a rock once the new phones are announced. And that really is why, if you haven't pulled the trigger on a Pixel yet, you should just wait. It's overpriced, under-supported, and competing phones like the Galaxy S8 offer a whole lot more technology for your money. The Galaxy S8+ is $20 less than a 128GB Pixel XL, and I would argue it is far and away the better smartphone value. That amazing display, brand-new Snapdragon 835 processor, jaw-dropping design and packaging, and the full support of all our American carriers' latest LTE advancements could each be a reason on its own to put the Galaxy S8 above Google's smartphone. Do I still prefer using the Pixel over the S8? Sure. But I wouldn't buy a 128GB Pixel XL over a Galaxy S8+ today. That would be, frankly, a bit silly. If Google was asking $670 and not $870, the discussion would probably change, but they aren't. You've got to pay full price, and there's no way I could recommend anyone do that. If you're still on the fence about the Pixel, let me try to push you over: wait for the next generation. I realize that this sort of thinking can devolve into a rationale that encourages you to never upgrade anything because something newer, faster, and better is constantly on the horizon. But in this case, I think it's a consideration that is worth weighing more seriously than usual. Many of the Pixel's biggest flaws relate to Google's inexperience producing a smartphone. Issues that only come up as you try to mass-produce and distribute a product with a real marketing campaign that creates real demand, and the phone gets into the hands of "real" users who aren't part of the now-derailed Nexus phone hypetrain. Inside Google, expectations were no doubt managed, realities realized, and priorities accordingly re-calibrated after this first launch. (Side note: if the Bluetooth performance on the next Pixel is as bad as the first one, I may scream, Google.) Meanwhile, the things that make the Pixel great aren't going anywhere. The next Pixel will be fast, it will take great photos, and it will offer a wonderfully unfettered Android experience. Those that make it less than great? Google is no doubt drilling down through the worst of them in order to ensure the Pixel 2 - or whatever it's called - won't make the same mistakes that the original did (waterproofing, please). And one of the primary reasons to try the Pixel in the first place - to be on the very bleeding edge - really only remains true from a software standpoint. Older phones like the Nexus 5X and 6P don't even let the Pixel have an advantage there, as they're on the same update track until around the time the next Pixel phones launch. If you absolutely need a smartphone soon and the Pixel is tempting you, ask yourself this: Can you deal with a Moto G5 Plus for six months if it means having a better Pixel down the road? While as a reviewer I have the admitted luxury of not needing to consider such things, were I in such a position, I'd have little in the way of a counterargument to offer. Sure, you'll take a resale hit on anything you buy now, but the Pixel is going to face a much, much steeper devaluation curve in that time than any budget phone. Buying a Pixel right now just doesn't make sense. I love my Pixel XL, but I'm officially done recommending the phone to friends and relatives. Instead, I'll tell them to wait, or to get the Galaxy S8 they were probably going to buy anyway. Tags editorial google pixel google pixel xl opinion pixel xl subscribe ... Previous Story [Deal Alert] Get the international Galaxy S7 edge for $479.99 on B&H and eBay ... Next Story Samsung launches Galaxy S8 Bixby voice commands in Korea Trending 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 87 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments ←  Older Comments  → swimfan2007 I'm not sure what you mean by the Bluetooth performance? What's wrong with it? I haven't really noticed issues on my 128 non XL. I still love my phone but I understand if someone was switching now, they should just wait for the new one. I probably will. Patruns The XL is too large for me. No wireless charging is a game stopper for me. $650+ is just too much to pay as I buy my phones outright for my wife and myself. We are still happily using our Nexus 5 phones until something of roughly the same dimensions with QI charging comes out that won't break the bank. Also, I want pure Android. Not interested in Touchwiz or any other skins. Rod So, I found another proud N5 owner! I'm in my third battery, nothing to complain about. YuCMi I skipped this generation, was too salty about Google's treatment of Nexus devices. If they make their next phone reasonably priced, then I'll consider it. Otherwise, Google can fuck off with their "premium" pricing. CW The OnePlus 3T is a great phone at a great price! Laura J. Sellers Hughes I bought my Google Pixel XL for the camera. I have not been disappointed! https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/c44fd1bc546c27c02f945b075e0388e076c62e0fd612b3c74442129a05446139.jpg https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/c4618b9d22a1d44186f347c184038b3a833f38a1148cc4b91b95981303fa8b6b.jpg https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/465d23a781688e73e20a0737904c3880ee693ee06b5dd1779ae91d9799b0488b.jpg https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/1f3d76182fdd59b34eda695d20943d03e71240b775f63106ef41809601a7cabf.jpg https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/66175dfb8d6503940dc945b8d865f4f8276c84f7f3abd0e0e46dc31136501275.jpg https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/f7fa8ed860bc28a3a3e377a7e74591e764bdec5795747c4a1afb93eaa44aa0b2.jpg Rod You shouldn't. It's the best camera in a smartphone currently. Even the S8 was left behind in image quality. Aj Wayans Nothing wrong with my Pixel, best phone I've ever had. Only has scratches because I've dropped it a few times Rod Impossible. Pixel is horrid, every single owner has an urge to throw it onto the nearest wall. WNDRKND I hear ya, but I got pixel for Christmas. And back then, there was no new Samsung phone. Personally, the optimization alone makes the phone worth it... Like, I've literally had no problems. Even the speaker issue, Bluetooth, whatever. My handset works perfect, even for a first generation device. Either way, I'll be waiting for pixel three and skipping pixel 2 this Christmas. Rod I think you're 4 months late. Lol WNDRKND Haha perhaps, but with nobody able to get one... I still feel 9 months early lmao! Rod First rule of the Pixel club: no one talks about the club Hussain Ahmadi Pixel is an indie phone, like indie films with limited screens and very much less public appeal, no matter how good it is it will always be just a side phone. The only true big sharks in the market are Samsung and Apple. Google is not able to compete with them erikz The main reason I wanted the Pixel was to get on Google Fi. ackthbbft I think there are still good reasons to go with the Pixel, even if it means waiting for gen 2. I went with the Pixel because I wanted to get on Project Fi and "pure" Android. As a former Samsung Galaxy S5 user (S2 before that), I got tired of both carrier-installed and OEM bloatware, plus I've been saving money on my plan. Tj Hariharan Frankly I'm considering an LG-G6... comes with assistant, near stock android from what I've been told and my little experience with in-store demo's...AND iirc: an SD Card. Rod Then, when Google drops Android 8, you'll infuriated asking LG where your OTA is. gparmar76 Google will charge the same price with Pixel 2. They have a proven track record with the Nexus phones... roseglace >The Bluetooth performance is horrid. so? bluetooth is not everything to everyone. in particular, i've used it on my pixel exactly once. a non-issue. > It's not waterproof. i'll remember not to take my phone into the shower. another non-issue. > The bezels really are due for a shrink. the bezels i can't see with the phone in its case? > I don't think the exterior coating on the black and blue variants is of a >particularly high quality. the coating i can't see with the phone in its case? > The glass window gets scuffed up incredibly easily. there's that case in the way again. darn. > And it doesn't support proper advanced network features across all four >of the big US carriers. such as? maybe i'd worry if i lived in the united states but i bought the phone for phone calls, SMS and wifi. are those 'advanced'? they work in canada. > the model most of us want - the 128GB XL is there a shred of evidence that 'most' of 'us' want it? if it was the exact same price as the 16GB version i'd want it. if it was even twenty bucks more? umm, probably not. i know it's labelled 'opinion' and everything, but could you try a _little_ harder not to sound like you're whining? John Pitkethly I got a Pixel in December and have none of the problems listed in this article. Jordan Bartholme Great article, thank you! thereasoner If fast updates and performance are your thing than it's never a bad time to buy a Pixel but if one must wait then I guess the Pixel 2 is not that far off. Don't care about stock Android performance and updates? Then there are more choices coming still besides Samsung. I personally am looking forward to the HTC U 11 in a couple of weeks time. geolemon Good points. Even still, the worst point is that it's a metal (stupid) and glass (downright silly) wannabe iPhone (including all the hardware limitations we all hate Apple for) to try to pull the "Apple demographic" stereotype as a customer - people who want a jewelry phone rather than a functional, practical tool. Sadly, few alternatives exist today, if you want high end specs. How far we've fallen in just a few years. Hopefully it's something to just ride out - high end phones that fit in front trouser pockets and have swappable batteries, sd cards, and the durability of polycarbonate replacing the impact vulnerability of metal will reappear. But certainly - the Pixel is one of the more vulgar offerings. Sad, because I was otherwise a satisfied customer on Google Fi. Mike Dealbreaker on the Pixel 2 could be whether or not Google include unlimited full resolution Photos & Video BackUp like they have with the Pixel 1. If they don't & just throw in something like the S8's increased 100K Play Music songs limit instead, we just might hold on to our Pixel XL 128 a little longer instead. Like all hardware, it's what you do with it that really matters, but without the software to achieve it with... You just pays your money & you takes your choice. Notpoliticalyet Mate 9 is my Pixel XL. Easy to get one and top end specs. I have had all the Nexus phones and passed up the Pixel. I may look at the 2nd generation but they need to fix their supply chain. No reason to wait long with all of the good competition out there. They also created hype with limited availability. Get it right Google. Kimwo Good read! I've HATED my Pixel from day one! I tried to fall in love with it but I haven't! My husband made me do an upgrade and of course it was when this dumb a*$ ph came out! I sent my Samsung GalaxyS5 in as was required for rebate to get the Pixel. The camera sucks butt, I don't know what all the hype was about! I thought I'd like the fact it has unlimited storage but how is that useful if you can't get a good quality photo!!!! I think Androids are way better, and easy to use. That's all I've had sense the iPhone 4! Wouldn't go back to an iPhone but would take it over a Pixel any day!!😝 Christopher Hopkins First off who ever made this post is just a glorified iPhone fan and downing the Google pixel I've had mine since launch and so have the 3 others on my account and all of us can say nothing has gone wrong with my pixel not once so get off your high horse and the back glass part of my phone is not scratched still and this is the same phone since launch same with my GF her brother and my best friend on my account Stanced Imports What a joke review I've had a Google pixel since January this phone is the best phone I've ever had, and I've had a iPhone 7😂 if you can't afford it that's not a reason to not buy it, that's a choice the consumer should make not a reflection on the phones performance 😁 I live in Canada so my Google pixel is about 1000$ and it's worth every penny Stanced Imports Also I find it's nice that the phones availability is scarce so I don't look at everyone and they all have the same phone. vitriolix "unsupported by October 2018" That's wrong, they will still get security patches until Oct 2019. Still too short, but let's not warp the facts MikeOxlong Nobody cares what Ruddock thinks. Sorry. Makikiguy Nexus 5 is my first smart phone and I ain't changing. Go overseas, three clicks and you are good to go. No sims, no overseas carriers, no nothing. Love it. ←  Older Comments  → Follow Android Police 1.49M 471k 144k 116k Latest Deals 14 [Deal Alert] Several movies and TV episodes on Google Play are on sale for Memorial Day 2017/05/27 6:37pm PDTMay 27, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] Get a 3-pack Arlo Pro security system for $450 ($130 off), if you have Amazon Prime 2017/05/27 12:04pm PDTMay 27, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Two 6' USB-C to USB-C cables $5 at Amazon w/coupon ($7 off) 2017/05/27 10:52am PDTMay 27, 2017 2 [Deal alert] Get the previous-gen 7" Amazon Fire tablet for $39.99 ($10 off) 2017/05/27 9:52am PDTMay 27, 2017 50 [Update: Now $75 Off] Deal Alert: Pixel 32GB (international version) is $50 off on eBay 2017/05/26 2:20pm PDTMay 26, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 72 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 284 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 93 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 316 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 19 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 26 It's not just you: Facebook Messenger is down in several regions worldwide 2017/05/27 11:32am PDTMay 27, 2017 14 The Android app for ASUS' upcoming Lyra mesh Wi-Fi network system is already available 2017/05/26 5:11pm PDTMay 26, 2017 16 It's time to play... Family Feud Live! (just kidding, this game sucks) 2017/05/26 1:13pm PDTMay 26, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] Start off your holiday weekend with 21 temporarily free and 42 on-sale apps 2017/05/26 11:02am PDTMay 26, 2017 5 Google launches the Jamboard app for its new smart whiteboard 2017/05/26 9:26am PDTMay 26, 2017 Blast from the Past 334 1 Year Ago Today This Is How Long Smartphone Batteries Should Last 2016/05/28 9:08am PDTMay 28, 2016 280 2 Years Ago Today [Update: It's Live] I/O 2015 - New Google Photo App Launches Today, Includes Unlimited Free Storage Of High Quality Photos And Video 2015/05/28 1:10pm PDTMay 28, 2015 27 3 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta For Android Version 36 Brings Back The Google Doodle To New Tab Pages, Adds Smarter Search Suggestions And Improved Text Rendering 2014/05/28 6:34pm PDTMay 28, 2014 24 4 Years Ago Today 36 Best New Android Games From The Last 2 Weeks (5/15/13 - 5/28/13) 2013/05/28 4:02pm PDTMay 28, 2013 23 5 Years Ago Today [Quick Look] Hand Stylus: Not All Styli Are Created Equal, And This One Proves It 2012/05/28 2:09pm PDTMay 28, 2012 14 6 Years Ago Today Rooted Droid X Android 2.3.3 (Gingerbread) Update Now Available To Download And Install 2011/05/28 4:25pm PDTMay 28, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today Lenovo Ditches Skylight OS, Joins Team Android 2010/05/28 6:15pm PDTMay 28, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 14 [Deal Alert] Several movies and TV episodes on Google Play are on sale for Memorial Day 2017/05/27 6:37pm PDTMay 27, 2017 6 Google for Jobs going live for some people 2017/05/27 4:31pm PDTMay 27, 2017 44 The LG V30 could look something like this 2017/05/27 11:11am PDTMay 27, 2017 26 It's not just you: Facebook Messenger is down in several regions worldwide 2017/05/27 11:32am PDTMay 27, 2017 12 Personal tab added to Google Search for individualized results from Google services 2017/05/27 10:13am PDTMay 27, 2017 Last 7 Days 31 OnePlus starts a referral program just in time for the OnePlus 5 2017/05/26 1:25pm PDTMay 26, 2017 47 Google Voice updated to 5.2, adds new widgets and call screening [APK Download] 2017/05/23 5:11pm PDTMay 23, 2017 18 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 14 The Android app for ASUS' upcoming Lyra mesh Wi-Fi network system is already available 2017/05/26 5:11pm PDTMay 26, 2017 71 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Last 30 Days 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 87 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 111 queries | 0.531s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters Policies & Politics Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading The rise and rise of Xi Jinping’s new man in Beijing  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Good Eating 100 Top Tables Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby HK Sevens Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics Hong Kong Sevens 2017 Chief executive election 2017 Macroscope The View Inside Out & Outside In The Insider Donald Trump Money Matters China: Around The Nation South China Sea: Hague case Cathay Pacific Jake's View A-shares Brexit Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter News›China›Policies & Politics China's leadership reshuffle 2017 China's leadership reshuffle 2017 Editor's Pick Rising stars Appointments Xi's agenda Big picture All articles The rise and rise of Xi Jinping’s new man in Beijing Cai Qi has rocketed up the Communist Party ranks in the past four years to become the capital’s boss PUBLISHED : Sunday, 28 May, 2017, 12:27am UPDATED : Sunday, 28 May, 2017, 7:02am Comments:   Jun Mai Share PrintEmail Related topics China's leadership reshuffle 2017 China's leadership reshuffle 2017: Rising stars Related Articles Policies & Politics ... and Wei makes 128. Another corrupt ‘tiger’ falls in China 23 May 2017 Policies & Politics Reading between the lines of a party boss’ speech as China’s power reshuffle looms 23 May 2017 Policies & Politics Why China’s aerospace experts are Xi’s new political elite 5 May 2017 Beijing’s new Communist Party boss is not afraid to be different. Unlike most officials, Cai Qi (蔡奇) does not dye his hair to look younger. He’s also a fan of the US TV show House of Cards and is on the record as an avid user of Apple’s iPhone and iPad. In addition to personal style, Cai, 60, has political substance. He has rocketed up party ranks in the last four years, rising from a modest official position in Zhejiang province to take the top municipal job in the capital in a promotion that all but guarantees him a spot on the top 25-member Politburo at the party congress later this year. Much of that success is due to one considerable factor – Cai is a long-time protégé of President Xi Jinping and spent a decade at his side in Fujian and then Zhejiang province. Beijing mayor Cai Qi officially named capital’s party boss However, he has also shown an ability to stake his own claim on big issues. Cai was born in Fujian and worked in the province for 19 years before becoming the mayor of the small city of Sanming in 1996. He was reassigned to Zhejiang in 1999 and spent the next 15 years working his way up to the job of deputy provincial governor. But Cai’s career really took off in 2014, when he was promoted to general office deputy director at the National Security Commission, a body founded and chaired by Xi. A year later, Cai was promoted to ministerial rank, and a year after that, was named Beijing’s mayor. Over the weekend he went one step higher to be named Beijing’s party secretary. His rapid rise has caused hard feelings among other officials, according to one political source. “Quite a number of cadres, including some at the ministerial level, are not convinced by Cai’s quick promotion,” the source said. “They don’t think Cai has what it takes.” That’s because even the country’s most senior cadres had to spend at least five years at the rank of minister before taking a further step up the career ladder. Beijing-based political commentator Zhang Lifan said Cai’s promotion suggested the top leaders were now less inclined to value seniority. “Beijing does not see experience as so important now. A lot of cadres with no impressive experience are being promoted,” Zhang said. Nevertheless, Cai has made a name for himself with his commitment to more less-opaque governance and his willingness to embrace new ideas. Cai’s interest in more open government surfaced when he was mayor of Hangzhou in the late 2000s and reportedly invited residents to sit in on municipal meetings. Xi Jinping ally Cai Qi to have senior role at National Security Commission His open-mindedness is reflected in his interest in the internet – before he moved to Beijing, he was an active microblogger and had more than 10 million followers on his social media account. Part of his popularity was due to his audacity to confront topics rarely broached by cadres, especially junior ones. During Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg’s visit to China in 2011, Cai said on his page that it was “a shame” that Facebook could not be accessed in China because it was the best social media Silicon Valley had to offer. The same year, Cai touched on the collapse of the Berlin Wall, asensitive topic for the communist regime. Cai wrote of the conviction of Ingo Heinrich, a former East German guard who followed orders to shoot and kill a young man who tried to flee across the wall into the West in 1989. Heinrich was found guilty of manslaughter in 1992 and sentenced to three-and-a-half years in prison. Other wall guards who aimed low to wound instead of kill were acquitted. Cai concluded that everyone needed to guard the “one centimetre of sovereignty” in their conscience, suggesting that the guard should have shot to miss. As a local official, Cai was ahead of the curve on internet issues that are high up on Beijing’s agenda now but were of scant interest to senior officials when he raised them. He’s also been willing to take a hard line. In an interview in June 2012, five months before Xi became general secretary, Cai pushed for the country to enact a cybersecurity law even though the topic was outside the scope of his official title. “The key technologies are still in the hands of the West, so we have to develop our own software,” he said. “And we need to make laws on cybersecurity as soon as possible.” Mayor of Beijing is put in charge of military reform group Cybersecurity turned out to be among Xi’s top concerns two years later, when Xi founded a leading group on the topic and chaired the group himself. In the 2012 interview, Cai also called for the party to stake its claim to the battlefield of the internet to take firmer control of the country, a controversial idea rarely brought up at the time but became highly popular after Xi became the general secretary later that year. “The battle for the internet is a war without smoke,” he said. “The party has to see the internet as a battlefield if it wants to consolidate its power.” China at a Glance Get updates direct to your inbox E-mail * By registering you agree to our T&Cs & Privacy Policy Thank youYou are on the list.   Most Popular Viewed 1 Fighter jet intercept near Hong Kong raises civil aviation safety fears 2 China’s No 3 leader announces plans to tighten grip on Hong Kong 3 Why are China’s middle classes moving their money abroad? 4 How the QR code has forever changed China’s social habits 5 US meddling in Iran spells trouble for new Silk Road Shared 1 How the QR code has forever changed China’s social habits 2 Why are China’s middle classes moving their money abroad? 3 China’s No 3 leader announces plans to tighten grip on Hong Kong 4 AlphaGo is No. 1 Go player, marking AI’s power over human mind 5 Amazon Prime Now: Can Singapore deliver? Commented 1 China’s No 3 leader announces plans to tighten grip on Hong Kong 2 Fighter jet intercept near Hong Kong raises civil aviation safety fears 3 Why are China’s middle classes moving their money abroad? 4 US meddling in Iran spells trouble for new Silk Road 5 Beijing declares power to ‘supervise’ Hong Kong civil servants Promotions Get your FREE LuxeHomes Property Outlook 2017 now! Order your FREE copy of the MICE BIZ 2017       You may also like Property Hong Kong’s banks raise mortgage rates after HKMA rules 27 May 2017 - 5:53pm Experts warn of need for online and offline protection In partnership with: HKT PREMIER Hong Kong Passengers left stranded after Cathay flight hits brake problem 25 May 2017 - 12:23am 53 Code for equality Brought to you by: Telstra World Outgoing WHO chief Margaret Chan defends her legacy May 24th 2017, 11:59am 5 Hong Kong Filipino woman falls to death in suspected window-cleaning accident 18 May 2017 - 5:45pm 36 Hong Kong Hong Kong HIV cases hit record high, with more younger men infected 20 May 2017 - 11:50pm 17 Opinion The US will regret snubbing China’s belt and road 19 May 2017 - 10:48pm 27 Post Magazine The Holga: how a Hong Kong-made camera became a cult classic 24 May 2017 - 12:37pm 2 Hong Kong The Star Ferry’s longest-serving coxswain worries about not having a successor May 20th 2017, 8:00am Opinion How Hong Kong’s political rot began, and gave us Joshua Wong et al 12 May 2017 - 7:45am 31 China When late diplomat Qian Qichen had to give North Korea’s leader some very bad news 12 May 2017 - 9:33am 4 South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2017 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧Business Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / Business Sun, May 28, 2017 - Page 16　 Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp Apple opens first official store in Southeast Asia AFP, SINGAPORE Hundreds of people yesterday wait for the opening of Apple Inc’s first store in Southeast Asia in Singapore’s Orchard Road shopping district. Photo: AFP Apple Inc yesterday opened its first Southeast Asian store in Singapore, drawing hundreds of excited fans to the two story site in the city-state’s upmarket shopping district. Located on the affluent Orchard Road, the new shop — easily distinguished by its iconic glass facade — is expected to be one of the most popular Apple stores in the world, the US tech giant said. Merchandise such as the iPhone and MacBook were strategically placed on display across the spacious first floor, while the upper level acted as a classroom for customers to participate in hands-on sessions. Hundreds of shoppers camped out in anticipation of the launch, while more than 1,000 thronged the store soon after the doors opened, a reporter observed. First in the line was Xiang Jiaxin, a 25-year-old Chinese national working in Macau who had lined up for more than 12 hours overnight and planned a holiday to Singapore specially to coincide with the opening. “I am very happy and excited to be part of this. I have participated in the official store openings in Macau, Guangzhou and Nanjing,” he said. Apple, which has a staggering US$256.8 billion cash stockpile, celebrated its 40th anniversary last year. Most of its earnings come from the iPhone, which faces increasingly tough competition in a saturated market. The tech behemoth has nearly 500 stores worldwide with more than 1 million visitors daily. Aside from Singapore, its Asia shops are in Hong Kong, China and Japan. This story has been viewed 1051 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2017-05-21 to 2017-05-28 Most read Most e-mailed 1 ‘Taiwan is not a province’ government tells Beijing 2 Same-sex Marriage: Marriage restrictions ‘unconstitutional’ 3 US-Taiwan ties should be reoriented: Stephen Yates 4 Taipei hopes allies defy China ‘threats’ 5 Cash-strapped WHO spends big on travel MORE  1 Wu Den-yih wins KMT chair election 2 Same-sex Marriage: Marriage restrictions ‘unconstitutional’ 3 Prosecutors drop Mega Bank money-laundering probe 4 New Southbound Policy: ‘Southbound policy’ takes off in schools 5 Revisiting Hong Kong riots of 1967 MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2017 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish 4 Months Free Google Play Music For New Subscribers By Tyler Lee on 05/27/2017 08:37 PDT With so many different music streaming services to choose from, it is understandable that sometimes it can feel a bit overwhelming. However the good news is that Google is now offering new subscribers a 4 month free trial which means that if you’re curious as to whether or not Google Play Music is a good fit for you, you’ve got 4 months to try it out. Note that the 4 month trial is longer than some of the competition, namely Apple Music which is only offering users a 3 month free trial. In fact in some countries Apple has actually started to charge their users a $0.99 fee to take part in the trial, so for some users this trial isn’t even free at all. However we should point out that Google’s offer is only for new subscribers, meaning that if you’ve never signed up for a Google Play Music account/trial before, then only can you participate. If you’ve taken part in the previous trial then we guess you’d be out of luck. Then again the previous trial was for 3 months and we’re not sure if the extra month really makes a difference in coming to a decision. There’s no word on how long this offer will last or if it is permanent, however Google’s website states that it is a special offer so perhaps it might not be permanent. More details can be found on the Play Store. Filed in Audio. Read more about Google and Music. Related Articles 2017-05-25 Facebook Now Offers Support For Google’s AMP 2017-05-24 Android Pay Canada Launch Due May 31st 2017-05-24 Google Assistant Now Provides Topical Word Suggestions 2017-05-23 Jamboard, Google's $5000 Collaborative Whiteboard, Goes On Sale 2017-04-28 Google Search On iOS Shows Movie And Music Streaming Services 2017-04-21 Google Play Music Will Be Default Music App On Samsung Devices 2017-03-16 Google Play Music Update Adds WiFi Streaming Quality Options 2017-02-09 Google Merging YouTube Music And Play Music Teams Together Hold On Tight, Your Flights In The Future Could Get A Lot Bumpier Samsung Galaxy S8 VS LG G6 In Speed Test Company In Sweden Embeds Microchips Into Its Employees Some Facebook Users Are Seeing A New Rocket Icon In The App Google Pulls The Plug On Its Map Maker Service Some Nintendo Switch Owners Are Reporting Warped Consoles Pornhub Gives Its Visitors A Heart Attack With Its April Fool’s Prank Apple Patent Hints At The Return Of The MagSafe Connector User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
null
Skip to content Menu Local News Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Business Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Log In Subscribe Business Markets Technology Tesla analyst split comes down to tech believers vs. car guys Originally published May 27, 2017 at 8:00 am Updated May 26, 2017 at 5:20 pm Most of the analysts who rate the stock a buy are focused on coverage of technology companies, while a majority of those who advise investors to sell are dedicated to automobiles. Share story By Julie Verhage Bloomberg News The Wall Street split on electric-car maker Tesla boils down to analysts who see the next Apple and those who perceive a lot more similarity with Studebaker. Most of the seven analysts who rate the stock a buy are focused on coverage of technology companies, while a majority of the six who advise investors to sell are dedicated to automobiles, according to data compiled by Bloomberg and Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. While the tech folks are homing in on the potential for disrupting the century-old auto industry, those who concentrate on manufacturing efficiency and vehicle reliability see the stock’s valuation as out of line with reality. The issue was highlighted in a note from Bernstein on Tuesday, which featured technology analyst Toni Sacconaghi making the bullish case for Tesla and autos analyst Max Warburton arguing that shares should head lower from here. After the stock’s 42 percent surge over the past year, it is now well above the average target price from analysts surveyed by Bloomberg. Most Read Stories Seattle Zestimates are off by $40,000; now hundreds of data crunchers vie to improve Zillow’s model Seattle once again nation’s fastest-growing big city; population exceeds 700,000 | FYI Guy 2 men shot at Seattle’s Gas Works Park; suspect sought Off-lease used cars are flooding market, pushing prices down 2 Bellevue High students investigated in alleged rape of 14-year-old girl at Yarrow Point partySale! Get 90% off digital access. “Tesla is a disruptive company, with a once-in-a-generation leader,” Sacconaghi wrote. “It is the next Apple Inc., Netflix Inc., Amazon.com Inc., and Elon Musk is a uniquely visionary leader with track record of doing the impossible.” He sees electronic vehicles comprising almost 40 percent of auto sales within two decades, and says Tesla is well positioned to take advantage of the shift as one of the first manufacturers and one of the brands with the best reputation among consumers. Warburton, the auto analyst, disagrees. He cites the company’s inability to make money so far, the sky-high price for its automobiles and concerns about quality. “Tesla’s single biggest challenge now is to ramp up production, yet its manufacturing capabilities are dismal, its quality poor and its approach wild,” he wrote, adding that he expects output of the Model 3 to take much longer to accelerate than Musk is claiming. Tesla has seven buys, 10 holds and six sells with an average price target of $274.87, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. The stock closed Friday at $325.14. Julie Verhage View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Next Story US agency won’t let company resume drilling for gas pipeline Previous Story Supporters of Roosevelt National Park seek to block refinery Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Your Morning Brief will arrive every weekday morning. Back to the story
Gear Health & Fitness Adventure Food & Drink More Gear Health & Fitness Adventure Food & Drink Style Where to Ski Now Entertainment Travel Sports Features Beer Collections Whiskey Workouts Watches Weight Loss Cars Grooming Four-Day Weekend Recipes Best Places to Live Nutrition Life Advice Gift Ideas Books Beards Subscribe Record Book 72 Hours with the Samsung Galaxy Book TECH 72 Hours with the Samsung Galaxy Book Credit: Samsung by Ben Radding More News The 5 Best Yard Games to Buy Now Sneak Peek: An Exclusive Look at BMW's Sleek, Sexy Concept 8 Series The World's First Motorcycle Helmet Head-Up Display Is Finally Here A Great Hang: 6 Hammocks Made for Sleeping Under the Stars The Memorial Day Sales You Don't Want to Miss All Stories Right now, 2-in-1 hybrid tablets are all the rage. Computing as either a laptop or a tablet is becoming an industry standard — even long-time holdouts like Apple, with the iPad Pro, have dipped their toes in the 2-in-1 water. Into this crowded field comes Samsung’s Microsoft Pro 4 clone, the Galaxy Book. Spec-wise, it’s a fierce machine: The Galaxy Book boasts a lot of the cutting edge in hybrid tablets. This includes a sharp Super AMOLED display, with a 2,160-by-1,440 resolution, the latest, fastest, fanless Intel Core i5 processor, and two USB-C ports to plug in all your peripherals. (We should say — we're testing out the 12-inch version. There is also a 10-inch version that is considerably cheaper, and has considerably less going for it.) There’s plenty of storage offered, starting at 128GB and going up to 512GB, and plenty of memory for all your computing needs, with 8GB of RAM. ALSO: 72 Hours With the iPad Pro The Galaxy Book comes bundled with a keyboard cover and included S-Pen, unlike, say, the iPad Pro or the Microsoft Surface Pro 4, whose pens and keyboards are sold separately. If you’re in the market for a new laptop and you’d like a tablet for all your entertainment, the Galaxy Book is a fair value proposition, with a starting price of $1,130. Over three days, we put the hybrid tablet through the motions. Here’s what we found. Day 1 The first thing you notice about the Galaxy Book is how thin it is for a full-powered Windows tablet — before you put the cover on. At only a few millimeters thin and 1.6 pounds heavy, the tablet itself is easy to pick up and carry around one-handed (not a trivial detail for those looking to replace their laptop). When you slap the keyboard cover on, it definitely adds a little density and heft into the mix, but that’s at least partially because of the quality of the keyboard itself: It’s unrivaled in the 2-in-1 community, as far as we can tell. While Type Covers for the Microsoft Surface Pro 4 have valued thinness and low-key travel, the Galaxy Book’s keyboard has more of a full-on laptop feel to it. That means the keys are snappy, have lots of travel, and are generously spaced. In other words, you feel like you’re typing on a laptop. Typing this review right now might be a breeze, but I immediately notice one of the hybrid’s biggest weaknesses: The keyboard cover is flimsily adjustable to three positions, so while you can modify the Galaxy Book’s “lapability” (how well the laptop sits in your lap), like you can with the Surface Pro 4, there’s a bit of a balancing act going on. That’s due to the fact that the tablet itself doesn’t have an adjustable stand, but relies on the keyboard to stay vertical. A little uncomfortable, perhaps, but not a deal breaker. ALSO: Tablets That Do It All for Under $100 And the battery life? We’ve only been typing this review for a couple hours, switching between Word and Chrome on medium brightness, and the tablet’s already drained 25 percent of its battery. The Galaxy Book might just squeeze by with an all-day battery life, but barely. Day 2 Since the Galaxy Book comes boxed with software, we needed an update. That's when we noticed something: While the Galaxy Book performed the update well, it got hot. Very hot. The Galaxy Book relies on Intel’s latest Kaby Lake processor, an i5 that doesn’t require a fan, but in this instance, the tablet feels like it could use one. The included S-Pen is certainly one of the bigger draws (no pun intended) of the Galaxy Book. The S-Pen isn’t pressure sensitive, like the Apple Pencil, but performs admirably. The tip moves across the screen smoothly, and there’s no delay in what you’re drawing and what you end up seeing on the screen. In order to plug in any peripherals — a mouse, a hard drive, what have you — we needed to use an adapter (or “dongle”) because there are two USB-C ports, and that’s all you get. Either port will charge the device when it’s plugged in. You’re seeing more and more USB-C ports on machines, such as the new Macbook Pros, and that’s because they’re becoming a highly adaptable universal standard. We’re glad to see them included on the Galaxy Book — it keeps the device thin, and with a simple adapter, you can plug in whatever you’d like. Of course, you’ll have to pay extra for that dongle. Day 3 By day three, it's clear that the Samsung Galaxy Book is a breeze to get used to, and is capable of running multiple programs and windows without any slowdown. We wrote in Word, browsed in both Chrome and Edge, and played a video in VLC without experiencing any stuttering or slowdowns.  The batteries, however, continue to be a problem. Barely half an hour into working, we’re down to 85 percent life. We checked, and there were no demanding tasks outside of Chrome and Word. Samsung estimates that the tablet will get 10 hours or so of life with mixed use, but we’re entirely skeptical. Then again, it could just be our test model. It’s evident that the Galaxy Book is meant to be a Surface Pro 4 competitor — and, for right now, it beats the Surface Pro 4 in terms of specs. The Galaxy Book has the latest hardware, but the Surface Pro 5 is expected soon, so the Galaxy Book won’t be top-of-the-line for too incredibly long. It’s sure to beat the Surface Pro 5 in price — at $1,300 or so, keyboard and pen included, it’s a really great value — and the keyboard is one of the best we’ve used with a 2-in-1. But the Galaxy Book could use some finessing in terms of its keyboard cover’s “lapability,” battery life, and heat. When it comes to a Windows machines, we say Microsoft makes the best ones. Samsung’s new Galaxy Book isn’t far behind, and more budget friendly. If you’re looking for a Windows 2-in-1 to replace your laptop, in a thin design and future-proofed with USB-C ports, it’s a good deal.  More News The 5 Best Yard Games to Buy Now Sneak Peek: An Exclusive Look at BMW's Sleek, Sexy Concept 8 Series The World's First Motorcycle Helmet Head-Up Display Is Finally Here A Great Hang: 6 Hammocks Made for Sleeping Under the Stars The Memorial Day Sales You Don't Want to Miss All Stories Want More? Sign up for our newsletter to get the latest adventures, workouts, destinations, and more. Please enable javascript to sign up for the newsletter. We may use your e-mail address to send you the newsletter and offers that may interest you, on behalf of Men's Journal and its partners. For more information please read our Privacy Policy How we use your email address Trending Ranked on a scale from 1 to 10, the trending score reflects the number of users reading a story in real time. What is this? Beyond Sunscreen: 8 Products to Protect You... 1 72 Hours with the Samsung Galaxy Book 2 How Adrian Ballinger Summited Everest Without... 3 The 5 Best Yard Games to Buy Now 4 A New All-Natural Sunscreen That Doesn’t Suck 5 Barack Obama's Next Level Retirement 6 5 Squat Alternatives to Build Muscle 7 The 5 Bottles You Need for a Complete Summer... 8 © Men's Journal 2017 Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Your Ad Choices Data Policy Terms of Use Contact Us Customer Service Media Kit Sitemap
Apps iPhone Apps iPad Apps Mac Apps Apple TV Apps Apple Watch Apps The Best Apps Tutorials Jailbreak Jailbreak Tweaks Jailbreak Guide Unlock Guide Deals Latest Deals Devices iPhone iPad Mac Apple Watch Apple TV More Download Wallpapers iPhone Photography Expert Tips Podcasts Vibrancy makes your Lock screen clock subtler Anthony Bouchard on May 27, 2017 3 Given just how often people use their Lock screen clock to see what time it is, it’s a shame that Apple doesn’t give users visual customization options to tailor its looks around the user’s personality. Nevertheless, those with a jailbreak can use a new free jailbreak tweak dubbed Vibrancy (iOS 10) by iOS developer NeinZedd9 to make the Lock screen clock text subtler, giving the illusion that the time is fading away into the wallpaper. Shown above, you can see a representation of what the Lock screen clock text looks like before and after installing Vibrancy (iOS 10); it’s normally solid white, but it becomes semi-transparent white after installing the tweak. To give you an idea of what the effect looks like against different wallpapers, we’ve included the following examples for you to check out: Since the clock text becomes transparent, you can actually see certain parts of the wallpaper peeking back at you through the font. That said, on backgrounds like the black dotted wallpaper in our example above, it almost looks like the font itself is dotted. For what it’s worth, the tweak only looks good when paired with darker wallpapers, as it doesn’t compensate for lighter wallpapers by making the text darker. If you’re using a bright wallpaper, you can probably count yourself out as a Vibrancy (iOS 10) user right off the bat. You can mix and match and play around with the tweak yourself with various wallpapers to see how it looks for you. Fortunately, the tweak doesn’t have any options to configure, so there’s no complicated setup to deal with. If you’re interested in trying Vibrancy (iOS 10), you can download it for free from Cydia’s BigBoss repository. The tweak works on jailbroken iOS 10 devices. Do you like the subtle transparent effect caused by Vibrancy (iOS 10)? Share in the comments section below. Tagged: Clock Cydia iOS iOS 10 iPad iPhone Jailbreak Jailbreak Apps & Tweaks Lockscreen Review Theme Time UI MORE FROM iDB Masq lets you customize the Now Playing interface LockGlyphX puts a nice twist on your Touch ID unlocking experience LockMusic makes subtle changes to your Lock screen’s Now Playing interface Natalie Damn, I wish I had a jailbreak. Its things like this that I love So Young Its one of the options included on HideMeX as well. Kevin Paterson Can I downgrade to 10.2 from 10.3.2? Featured Latest SpotAngels, Ditty, Gaia GPS, and other apps to check out this weekend Daily Deals: Memorial Day Edition The best 4K monitors Minority Report, World War Z and other iTunes movies on sale right now iPhone 7 and 7 Plus get a stable jailbreak on iOS 10.1.1 with extra_recipe+yaluX SpotAngels, Ditty, Gaia GPS, and other apps to check out this weekend Minimalists can put the Settings app on a diet with SkinnySettings Vibrancy makes your Lock screen clock subtler Tweet your Now Playing music from anywhere with NPTweet Daily Deals: Memorial Day Edition Jailbreak News Minimalists can put the Settings app on a diet with SkinnySettings Vibrancy makes your Lock screen clock subtler Tweet your Now Playing music from anywhere with NPTweet extra_recipe+yaluX reaches Beta 3: now with Substrate Customize the Camera app with SmartCameraShutter Apps SpotAngels, Ditty, Gaia GPS, and other apps to check out this weekend How to post images to Instagram via mobile web You can now order photo books and archive images on Google Photos Instagram Direct now lets you send links and images in landscape and portrait orientations Apple’s free app of the week: klocki Accessories The best 4K monitors Apple releases AirPods firmware 3.7.2 Upcoming HomeKit support will let you voice-control your Ikea smart lighting Check out Nike’s four new Sports bands for Apple Watch Claimed cases for 10.5″ and 12.9″ iPad Pro suggest rear microphone and stereo speakers Deals SHARPEN Projects for $19 Digital Design with Adobe Bundle for $31 PapaGo Dash Cams for $124 Newsletter Get updates directly into your inbox. Subscribe Download the iDB app About | Contact | Advertise | Disclosure | Privacy Policy 2017 © iDownloadBlog.com - This website is not affiliated with Apple. Home Apps Tutorials Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Downloads Wallpapers Accessories Deals Podcasts Write for iDB Contact Us
Subscribe ▲ Learn more about PCWorld's Digital Editions    🔎 Home News Reviews How-To Video Business Laptops Tablets Phones Hardware Security Software Gadgets Subscribe Resources PCs Phones Printers Ultrabooks Blogs Viruses Cameras Components Computer Accessories Consumer Advice Displays E-readers Flash Drives Graphics Cards Hard Drives Home Theater Input Devices Keyboards Laptop Accessories Mobile Networking Operating Systems Optical Drives Processors Servers Smartwatches Streaming Services Storage Tablets Windows Home Android Review Huawei Watch 2 Classic Review: Good watch but a missed opportunity for Wear 2.0 The Huawei Watch 2 Classic isn't a bad watch by any means, but it doesn't meet the lofty expectations set by the original model. Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. By Michael Simon Staff Writer, PCWorld | May 27, 2017 5:00 AM PT Credit: Christopher Hebert/IDG More like this LG Watch Style review: A fashion-first wearable that costs too much and does... Huawei rolls out its Android Wear 2.0 watch in the U.S. with an eye on... Everything we think we know about the LG-Google watches Video Computex 2015: Asus ZenWatch 2 could have 4-day battery At a Glance Huawei Watch 2 Classic PCWorld Rating $369.99 MSRP $369.99 View on Amazon Barely three months into its official release, Android Wear 2.0 should still be enjoying its honeymoon period. But the truth is, it never really had one. Despite a high-profile launch and pent-up anticipation among Android enthusiasts, the roll-out has been less-than-stellar, with few manufacturers supporting it with new models, and most older watches unable to take advantage of the best features. And the Huawei Watch 2 doesn’t do too much to change that narrative. The model I tested, the Classic, is the classier of the two models, with stainless steel accents, a buttery-smooth leather band, and a posh gray face. But even in an extremely small pool of Android Wear 2.0 watches—the LG Sport and Style are the only new 2.0 models—the latest Huawei Watch just doesn’t do enough to stand out. Christopher Hebert/IDG The Huawei Watch 2 isn't nearly as striking or elegant as the model it replaces. And that’s surprising. There was an understated elegance to the original Huawei Watch that made it feel less like a tech product and more like a fashion statement. With the Watch 2 Classic, Huawei has built a very nice follow-up, and most companies would be proud to call their own. But while there are plenty of good things here that certainly improve upon the original Huawei Watch, strapping on the sequel just doesn’t generate the same level of excitement. It's a shame because Huawei is one of the few tech brands that understands how to make a good watch. Big and bold At 12.6 mm thick, the Huawei Watch 2 isn’t terribly bulky, but it is noticeably chunkier than the original model. For comparison, the original Huawei Watch was 11.3 mm thick, so it’s strange to see Huawei and others continue to add to the size of their watches. Notably, there aren’t any “ladies” models this time around, though to be fair they were never all that feminine anyway, bejeweled bezels notwithstanding. Christopher Hebert/IDG The Huawei Watch 2 Classic sports a much bigger frame than the original model. But at least those watches had character. The Huawei Watch 2 might be built to fit a certain taste, but it’s mostly just a plain, ordinary watch. Its 1.2-inch display is flanked by an etched bezel with numbers every 10 minutes (and slashes every five), and there's a pair of fairly bulbous buttons along the right edge. Despite having a smaller screen, the whole package is markedly bigger than the original Huawei watch, following in the footsteps of the LG Sport and Samsung’s Gear S3 with a wearable that’s clearly geared toward athletes and outdoor enthusiasts, and large-wristed ones at that. Speaking of wrists, the strap on the Classic is particularly impressive. It looks and feels like a high-end leather band, but Huawei has fused it with a rubber underside to make it both comfortable and versatile. It’s not stiff like the LG Style’s band, or rigid like the sport band on the basic Huawei model. After just a couple days of use, it naturally conformed to the contours of my wrist and required much less adjustment than other smartwatches I’ve used, including the Apple Watch with its various band options. And if you don’t like Huawei's band, you can swap it out with any 22 mm band. Battery powers Despite its extra bulk, the Huawei Watch 2 didn’t feel heavy or cumbersome on my wrist. And while it's bigger than its predecessor, it’s a good deal lighter too, but not at the expense of features. There’s a heart rate sensor, barometer, NFC chip, GPS, and IP68 water resistance. Christopher Hebert/IDG On the back of the Huawei Watch 2 you'll find a heart rate sensor. Huawei has also addressed one of the major pain points of Android Wear watches: battery life. While its 420mAh battery isn’t the biggest in the business, Huawei has managed to squeeze quite a bit of juice out of it. Without an LTE chip to power, the Huawei Watch 2 Classic easily makes it through a day of regular use and well into a second, but with a few tweaks, you can actually push it much longer than that. Head over to the app list and you’ll find a Battery app that isn’t on any other Android Wear watch. Inside you’ll see your battery percentage, an estimate of the time remaining, and two options: Smart power saving and Watch mode. The first will turn off the always-on screen, dim the brightness, and disable tilt to wake to squeeze out a few extra hours. For example, with 30 percent battery remaining, my estimated time remaining went from 15 hours to 20 hours by flipping the Smart power saving toggle, all without degrading the experience too much. Christopher Hebert/IDG Battery life is one of the better reasons to buy a Huawei Watch 2. But the killer feature is Watch mode. Enable it and your watch will turn off everything except the clock and pedometer. It utilizes a classic face with simple hour and minute hands, but it keeps your watch from turning into a useless brick on your wrist. Even if you’re down to a few ticks on your battery, turning it on will eke out enough so the watch will still tell time until you get to an outlet. Indeed, with that same 30 percent remaining, watch mode estimated a whopping seven days of use. It’s by far my favorite feature of the Huawei Watch 2, and I’d love to see Google adopt something similar in Android Wear 3.0. Pinned down Once you do plug it in, you’ll need to use the fairly flimsy charging cradle that comes in the box. Rather than the puck that was bundled with the original model, the new charger is molded in plastic and sits a bit bulkier on both a nightstand and in a bag. Christopher Hebert/IDG You'll need to align the pins to charge the Huawei Watch 2, but a charging cradle makes it easier. The Huawei Watch 2 still uses a set of pins to charge, so making the connection isn’t as mindless as it is on the Apple Watch or LG Style. The cradle helps cut down on the fumbling—and perhaps Huawei made it this way because too many people woke up to dead watches after missing the connection. But I’d still prefer future models bring full wireless inductive charging. All of the Android Wear 2.0 trimmings are on display here, including Android Pay, which worked as expected. The lack of an LTE chip is sure to be a bummer for some people, but it’s hardly a deal-breaker, especially since it means your battery will last longer. And until the platform matures a bit more, I don’t think the extra carrier cost is worth it just to receive notifications and send messages on the off chance that you don’t have your phone with you. But if you want LTE, there's a version of the non-Classic model that includes it. Buttons but no crown Huawei’s watch faces are quite varied and add a touch of personality to your watch, with numerous complications that will put as much information at a glance as possible. My personal favorite Android Wear 2.0 face is still LG’s Portions, but the equally data-packed Elements Digital was a fine trade-off. Christopher Hebert/IDG A digital crown would fit nicely between the two buttons on the Huawei Watch 2 The two physical buttons on the right side offer some help with navigation, but for the most part you’ll be touching the screen a lot. The top button is an app/back/Assistant button, while the bottom can be customized to launch any app on your phone. And that includes any that you download from the Play Store that now lives on the watch. Neither button offers scrolling like the LG watches do, so navigation is still limited to swipes and taps. After it was introduced with the LG Sport and Style, I had hoped that crown or bezel scrolling would be a staple of Android Wear 2.0 watches, but it looks like we’ll need to wait for the third generation. Nevertheless, I instinctively spun the button more times than I care to remember, and I hope crown scrolling becomes a standard feature soon. Work it out Fitness is a major feature of Android Wear 2.0 with Google’s new Fit apps, and the Huawei Watch 2.0 fully embraces its stock capabilities. But along with the standard functions, Huawei has built in a few of its own exercise tools as well. Christopher Hebert/IDG Fitness is a big deal on the Huawei Watch 2. There’s a heart rate monitor that will show your beats per minute now and for the past six hours. It will also highlight your highest and lowest measurement as well as any cardio exercise you may have done. I tested it against the uber-accurate Apple Watch at random intervals, and the numbers matched up very well. There’s also a Daily Tracking app that keeps tabs on the movements you make throughout your day. It’s very much like Apple’s Activity app, with colored rings for steps, standing, and exercise, and there’s even a companion watch face to go with it. But the star of the show for exercise buffs is the Workout app (not to be confused with Android Wear 2.0’s own Fit Workout app). While Google’s strength training feature does an excellent job of automatically detecting the difference between sit-ups and squats and keeping track of your reps, Huawei’s workout companion is more like a personal trainer that lives on your wrist. You’ll have to manually start it and tell it what you want to do, but it’ll display broad array of statistics, including heart rate, elevation, and recovery time. You can also set goals and customize a regimen with the training plan (though that requires installation of the Huawei Health app on your phone). Should you buy it? With just a handful of watches that can claim they are built for Android Wear 2.0, the Huawei Watch 2 Classic doesn’t have a ton of competition. And with Moto and Asus reportedly abandoning the Wear platform, that doesn’t seem likely to change anytime soon. Christopher Hebert/IDG The Huawei Watch 2 is built for a specific type of wearable user. So, comparing it to the current crop, I’d say the Huawei Watch 2 is the best of the bunch. At $370, the Classic model is a little pricey for a non-LTE model, but if you’re looking for a fitness-minded watch that you can wear for a night out, you’ll be happy with it. But I can’t help but wish that Huawei used more of the original watch in the updated design. Android Wear 2.0 was supposed to be the OS that brought the platform mainstream, adding missing features like Android Pay and Google Assistant to a growing list of wearables. But aside from luxury brands like Tag Heuer and Movado, Android Wear watches have lost far too much of their fashion sense in the transition from version 1 to 2. I don’t think I’m alone in wanting a watch that combines the elegance of Android Wear 1.0 with the functionality of Android Wear 2.0 in a package that appeals to a market beyond fitness buffs. But maybe the third time will be the charm. To comment on this article and other PCWorld content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. At a Glance Huawei Watch 2 Classic PCWorld Rating $369.99 MSRP $369.99 View on Amazon The Huawei Watch 2 is a fine Android Wear 2.0 entry, but it doesn't bring enough to the table to separate it from its peers. Pros Stainless steel accents give it a premium feel. Battery life is impressive and can be stretched for weeks. The leather strap is equally good for working out and dining out. Cons Its bigger, thicker, and less elegant than its predecessor. No digital crown for scrolling. Too much fitness and not enough fashion. Related: Android Wearables Android Wear Huawei Michael Simon covers all things mobile for Greenbot and Macworld. You can usually find him with his nose buried in a screen. Follow You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon PCWorld PCWorld helps you navigate the PC ecosystem to find the products you want and the advice you need to get the job done. About Us Contact Us Digital Edition Customer Service Gift Subscription Ad Choices Newsletters Privacy Policy RSS Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships PCWorld CATEGORIES Business Laptops Mobile PC Hardware Printers Security Software Videos Windows IDG Network Sites Advertise Careers at IDG Creative Lab IDG Permissions IDG Consumer & SMB Knowledge Hub Macworld TechHive Get PCWorld's Digital Editions Subscribe Now Follow us    Visit other IDG sites: Select One CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDG Connect IDG TechNetwork IDG.tv InfoWorld IT News ITworld JavaWorld Network World PC World TechHive The Industry Standard Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc.
Mashable We're using cookies to improve your experience. Click Here to find out more. Mashable Mashable Asia Mashable Australia Mashable France Mashable India Mashable UK Sign in Like Follow Mashable see more  > Search Videos Social Media Tech Science Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler More Channels Videos Social Media Tech Science Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Company About Us Licensing & Reprints Archive Mashable Careers Contact Contact Us Submit News Advertise Advertise Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Apps iPhone / iPad Android Resources Subscriptions Sites Job Board Social Good Summit Tech Like Follow Follow Future iPhones and iPads might have a special chip just for processing AI 1.1k Shares Share Tweet Share What's This? Image: lili sams/mashable By Raymond Wong2017-05-26 22:58:52 UTC Apple's reportedly working on a new kind of chip — potentially for future iOS devices — that'll be used just for processing AI, Bloomberg reports.  SEE ALSO: New leaked photos reportedly reveal the final design of the iPhone 8 Bloomberg says the chip's called the Apple Neural Engine internally, and could be used for "offloading facial recognition in the photos application, some parts of speech recognition, and the iPhone’s predictive keyboard to the chip." By moving AI processing to a dedicated chip, battery life in devices could also see a boost since the main CPU and GPU wouldn't be crunching as much data and gobbling as much power. The report says Apple plans to integrate the chip into its devices, but it's unclear when that'll happen, and if any iOS devices launching this year will have it. Apple's work on an AI chip shouldn't surprise anyone who's paying attention to the competition. Virtually every tech company is working on improving AI processing on mobile devices. Qualcomm's latest Snapdragon 835 chip, which is already in devices like the Samsung Galaxy S8, has a special module dedicated to processing AI tasks.  Years ago, Apple started designing its own mobile processors to improve performance and reduce power consumption, and it's really paid off.  Despite having fewer cores, the iPhone 7 still crushes the Galaxy S8 when it comes to sheer performance. iPhones and iPads also come with an Apple-designed "M"-branded motion coprocessor to collect sensor data from the various included sensors (accelerometer, gyroscope, compass, etc.). It's this M chip that helps with tracking health and fitness data. Furthermore, in addition to the main Intel processors in the new MacBook Pros, there's also a small Apple-made "T1" chip for powering the Touch Bar. Apple's AirPods also have a custom W1 chip that helps with pairing them to iOS devices. Clearly, Apple loves making custom chips for things. We're all for it, especially if that means longer battery life. If the future is AI everywhere (and it definitely looks like that's where things are headed), it's in Apple's best interests to control the stack (like it always does) with its own AI chip. WATCH: Love 'Cars'? You can now talk to Lightning McQueen for real Topics: Apple, chips, Gadgets, iPhone, Tech About Us Jobs Advertise Subscribe Privacy Terms Mashable is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Powered by its own proprietary technology, Mashable is the go-to source for tech, digital culture and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the globe. ©2005-2017 Mashable, Inc. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved. Designed in collaboration with Code & Theory
Mashable We're using cookies to improve your experience. Click Here to find out more. Mashable Mashable Asia Mashable Australia Mashable France Mashable India Mashable UK Sign in Like Follow Mashable see more  > Search Videos Social Media Tech Science Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler More Channels Videos Social Media Tech Science Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Company About Us Licensing & Reprints Archive Mashable Careers Contact Contact Us Submit News Advertise Advertise Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Apps iPhone / iPad Android Resources Subscriptions Sites Job Board Social Good Summit Tech Like Follow Follow French officials investigating if Apple devices played a role in 2016 EgyptAir crash 613 Shares Share Tweet Share What's This? One year later, the crash of EgyptAir Flight 804 is still being investigated Image: Ranner/AP/REX/Shutterstock By Marcus Gilmer2017-05-26 20:19:57 UTC French officials have opened an investigation into the possibility that a deadly Egypt Air crash in May 2016 could have been caused by a fire resulting from two Apple products overheating. The report comes from French paper Le Parisen (via Business Insider), which says French investigators are pursuing a theory that a pair of mobile devices – a iPhone 6S and an iPad Mini 4 belonging to the plane's first officer — may have been plugged into an incorrect socket. This, they suggest, might have led to the overheating of the devices and, thus, a fire in the cockpit that spread and brought down the plane which was traveling from Paris to Cairo.  SEE ALSO: What happens when a flight goes missing: Finding EgyptAir flight 804 The theory was first raised in January 2017, after investigators from both France and Egypt concluded that the flight's crash was most likely caused by a fire, based on data from the plane's voice recorder and flight data recorder which indicated smoke in both the cockpit and an adjacent bathroom. But while the French are still exploring different theories, the Egyptians have claimed the fire was the result of an explosion, probably a bomb, citing traces of explosives found of victims' bodies. A reported lack of cooperation and sharing of evidence from the Egyptians is what's pushing France to continue pursuing other theories, according to Le Parisen. As for the suggestion that the mobile device or how they were plugged in may be to blame, it's understandable why officials would look to that as a possible cause.  We know high capacity lithium ion batteries, like those used in smartphones or laptops, can be prone to catching fire if they are damaged or have defective components. After all, the widespread problem with the exploding Samsung Galaxy Note7 led the FAA to ban the phone from all flights last fall.  But the Note7 has proven to be the exception, not the rule; examples of Apple devices having done so are few and far between.  And, according to one expert, David Learmount, data showing widespread smoke based on multiple alarms suggests the fire might not have started in the cockpit: "...while there were warnings about the window heating systems, there were also smoke alarms in the toilet and avionics bay under the floor.  How would the fire have got under there?" For its part, Apple seems willing to help but they haven't been asked yet. A spokesperson for Apple told Mashable:  "We haven’t been contacted by GTA [France's civil aviation organization] or any authority investigating this tragic event. We have not seen any report but we understand there is no evidence to link this event to Apple products. If investigators have questions for us, we would of course assist in any way we can. We rigorously test our products to ensure they meet or exceed international safety standards.” The investigators have until September 30 to submit their report. Topics: air crash, Apple, Tech, Transportation About Us Jobs Advertise Subscribe Privacy Terms Mashable is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Powered by its own proprietary technology, Mashable is the go-to source for tech, digital culture and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the globe. ©2005-2017 Mashable, Inc. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved. Designed in collaboration with Code & Theory
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com News News Apple to develop AI chip for iPhone Apple to develop AI chip for iPhone Source : Last Updated: Sat, May 27, 2017 13:49 hrs [U.S.A.], May 27 (ANI): Owing to the increasing popularity of artificial intelligence (AI), technology giant Apple is working on a dedicated artificial intelligence chip that would power AI-related tasks on mobile devices, The Verge quoted a Bloomberg report saying. The chip, which is reportedly being called the Apple Neural Engine, is being designed to ease the burden of tasks that are heavily dependent on facial and speech recognition algorithms, apart from computer vision tasks deployed with augmented reality. The chip, however, is believed to enhance the battery life of an iPhone, enabling smoother performance. In the recent past, it has been indicated that AI, robotics and augmented reality hare garnering widespread technological importance in supporting other technology such as visual recognition, automation and so on. Earlier in February, the company announced its expansion plans, thereby broadening base for AI and machine learning-related functions. Although the official launch date have not been disclosed, yet the report says that Apple has begun trial runs with prototype devices. (ANI) SEARCH More from Sify: talking point on sify news Latest Features Three years of PR Sarkar! And the award goes to... We love you Manchester: Vigils held across UK after terror attack Terror strikes Ariana Grande concert in Manchester What GST could really mean! About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2017. All rights reserved
Sun, May 28, 2017 | Updated 06.25 AM IST HI, Follow Us: MY PROFILE NEWSLETTER LOGOUT SIGN INFollow Us: Gadgets Now Gadgets Now TOI Home News Tech News Jobs Social IT Services Mobiles PCs Apps Gaming Computing More Gadgets Unannounced Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017), Galaxy J5 (2017) show up in hands-on videos Top tech news of the week (May 22-27) Samsung Galaxy S8, S8+ don't use Bluetooth 5.0 technology yet, here's why Bill seeking H-1B limits exemption for US PhD holders introduced Apple working on a new processor dedicated for AI-related tasks Opinion: IT companies are hiring, jobs meltdown is a myth Commercial e-vehicles won't need permits Acquisitions accelerate as tech giants seek to build AI smarts Smartphone users more rational than PC users, claims study 20 Indian ventures shortlisted for 'India Emerging 20' FOLLOW US shop FOLLOW US Gadgets Mobile Phones Tablets Laptops Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands FOLLOW US Reviews FOLLOW US compare Mobile Phones Laptops Tablets Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands FOLLOW US Slideshows FOLLOW US Videos FOLLOW US Brands Apple Samsung Google Sony HTC Karbonn LG Micromax Microsoft OnePlus Oppo Spice Xiaomi Acer HP InFocus Lenovo Dell FOLLOW US Infographics Checklist How To FOLLOW US Featured FOLLOW US infocus Specials ALL ShopGadgets Gadgets Now » News » Tech News » Apple working on a new processor dedicated for AI-related tasks Apple working on a new processor dedicated for AI-related tasksRobin Sinha The inclusion of a new chipset for AI enhancement would also take the load off the A-series primary chipsets and motion co-processors. | Gadgets Now | Updated: May 27, 2017, 07.15 PM IST iPhone 7 Plus NEW DELHI: Siri, Apple's virtual assistant that powers its iOS, macOS, tvOS and watchOS devices, could get a huge boost in the near future. That's because it seems that the company is working on a dedicated chipset for handling AI-related tasks. As reported by Bloomberg website, the AI chip is internally known as 'Apple Neural Engine' and will improve how Siri handles facial and speech recognition tasks. The inclusion of a new chipset for AI enhancement would also take the load off the A-series primary chipsets and motion co-processors. This in turn may lead to improvements in battery performance. A person familiar with Apple's plans told Bloomberg that the company could let the new chip handle facial recognition in photos, some parts of speech recognition, and iOS' predictive keyboard. Apple may even give developers access to the chip in future, letting third-party apps offload certain tasks from the main processor to the ' Apple Neural Engine'. View As Photolist » iPhone 8 rumour roundup: 9 likely features 110 iPhone 8 rumour roundup: 9 things to know Apple iPhone has turned 10 this year. The year 2017 edition of iPhone will be the tenth edition of the world's 'most popular smartphone'. Little doubt then that analysts expect Apple to give its iPhone range a big overhaul this year. Here are 9 hottest speculations doing rounds about the upcoming Apple smartphone(s). All-glass design The upcoming Apple iPhone 8's design is claimed to be completely different from that of the existing iPhone 7/iPhone 7 Plus. Rumours claim that iPhone 8 could sport an all-glass body. The device also showed up in an alleged leaked video recently. The camera positioning, front panel and the overall build are said to get a refreshing change. Curved OLED display Several reports claim that the smartphone will have a 5-inch flexible OLED display, built by Samsung. The entire-front panel is rumoured to be covered with 2.5D glass coating. The front camera is said to be camouflaged behind the screen. Speculations also suggest an increased screen-to-body ratio. Vertical camera position Apple is also expected to make some changes in the camera department in iPhone 8. The rumoured smartphone, besides sporting more number of megapixel and in-camera specifications, could sport a vertical dual-camera positioning instead of a vertical positioning. This means that the smartphone will better recognize foreground and background when placed horizontally in a VR headset. Runs on A11 processor Apple iPhone 8 is likely to run on the company's faster A11 processor. The processor is said to be made using 10nm FinFET manufacturing process, same as Qualcomm's 835 is made on. TSMC or Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company is reportedly to begin the production of A11 chipsets this month. A better processor could also result in a better battery life. As for the RAM, the iPhone 8 could sport 3GB RAM. While some reports say that only iPhone 8 will feature 3GB RAM, some say that the iPhone 7s and the 7s Plus may also sport 3GB RAM. 3D technology Another highlights of the rumoured iPhone 8 is said to be the inclusion of 3D sensing technology. For this, Apple is reported to be working with a company called Lumentum, which develops 3D sensing technology. However, so far there are no details on how Apple plans to implement the technology in its upcoming smartphone. Screen-embedded fingerprint sensor iPhone 8 is speculated to have finger-print sensor embedded right into the screen. With this, the display is expected to stretch to the lower part of the front panel, which may be called 'Function Area'. The Touch ID-embedded Home button too is said to be replaced by a fingerprint sensor embedded in the display. Augmented reality The iPhone 'Edition' smartphone could also feature augmented reality (AR) features. Supporting the rumour, a Bloomberg report recently claimed that Apple has assembled a team including experienced hardware and software developers to push its AR efforts. The team is led by a former Dolby Laboratories executive and includes formers members from Facebook's Oculus and Microsoft's HoloLens divisions. Pricing: iPhone 8 may cost above $1,000 According to a report on Fast Company website's website, Apple iPhone 8 smartphone could sport a price tag of well over $1000. Citing sources close to the company, the report claims that this is because OLED displays are said to cost the Cupertino-based company almost twice as the LCD displays used in the current-generation iPhones. To 'debut' iOS 11 Like past many years, Apple is likely to introduce the next-generation of its iOS operating system, iOS 11, at the upcoming WWDC 2017 in June. There is no word on the features of the operating system. The company is also said to be removing as many as 200,000 apps from its App Store post the launch of iOS 11. These will be the apps that are not compatible with 64-bit standard. The report further adds that since artificial intelligence is present across different products and platforms, Apple could bring a dedicated chip for all of them (including iPhones and iPads). 'Apple Neural Engine' will compete against its counterparts from rival companies such as Google's Tensor Processing Unit (TPU) or Qualcomm's latest Snapdragon 835 SoC, which also has a dedicated module for handling AI-based tasks. Apple has reportedly been testing its Neural Engine chip with future iPhone models, including the rumoured iPhone 8. However, it's been said that such technology may not be completely ready this year. Needless to say, the operating system on different platforms will be integrated with the AI chip inside the device. Apple iPhone 8, iPhone 7S’ launch date leaked Going by the name Benjamin Geskin (@venyageskin1) on Twitter, the tipster has said that the launch keynote will take place in September. He also revealed the exact date of launch. Apple could talk about the advancements it has been making in the artificial intelligence field at its upcoming WWDC 2017 conference, scheduled to take place between June 5-9. Read this article in Bengali: http://eisamay.indiatimes.com/new-news-on-gadgets/apple-working-on-a-new-processor-dedicated-for-ai-related-tasks/articleshow/58871805.cms Check out for the Latest News, Tech News, Breaking News Headlines & Live Updates at Gadgetsnow.com See Also Apple iPhone 7 Plus (Jet Black, 128GB)₹ 67048 BUY NOW Apple iPhone 6 (Space Grey, 32GB)₹ 26599 BUY NOW Apple iPhone 5s (Silver, 16GB)₹ 16582 BUY NOW Apple IPhone 8 specifications Summary performance Quad core display 5.0" (12.7 cm) storage 32 GB camera 12 MP battery 2350 mAh ram 4 GB special features fingerprint sensor position Front other sensors Light sensor, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Barometer, Compass, Gyroscope fingerprint sensor Yes general quick charging Yes operating system iOS v10 sim slots Single SIM, GSM model iPhone 8 launch date August 5, 2017 (Unofficial) brand Apple sim size SIM1: Nano network 4G: Available (supports Indian bands) 3G: Available, 2G: Available fingerprint sensor Yes multimedia fm radio No audio jack 3.5 mm performance chipset Apple A11 processor Quad core, 2.5 GHz architecture 64 bit ram 4 GB design build material Case: MetalBack: Metal waterproof Yes Water resistant display display type OLED pixel density 441 ppi screen size 5.0 inches (12.7 cm) screen resolution Full HD (1080 x 1920 pixels) touch screen Yes Capacitive Touchscreen, Multi-touch storage internal memory 32 GB expandable memory Yes Up to 256 GB camera settings Exposure compensation, ISO control aperture 2.2 F camera features 10 x Digital Zoom, 2 x Optical Zoom, Auto Flash, Face detection, Simultaneous HD video and image recording, Touch to focus image resolution 4608 x 2592 Pixels sensor Back-illuminated sensor (BSI) autofocus Yes shooting modes Continuos Shooting, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Burst mode resolution 7 MP Front Camera optical image stabilisation Yes flash Yes Retina Flash video recording 1920x1080 @ 30 fps battery user replaceable No quick charging Yes wireless charging Yes type Li-ion capacity 2350 mAh network connectivity wifi Yes Wi-Fi 802.11, a/ac/b/g/n/n 5GHz wifi features Mobile Hotspot bluetooth Yes v4.2 volte Yes usb connectivity USB 2.0 nfc Yes network support 4G (supports Indian bands), 3G, 2G gps Yes with A-GPS, Glonass sim 1 4G Bands:TD-LTE 2300(band 40) FD-LTE 1800(band 3)3G Bands: UMTS 1700 / 1900 / 2100 / 850 / 900 MHz2G Bands: GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900 MHz 4G Speed: 50 Mbit/s ? 450 Mbit/s ? (LTE category 9)3G Speed: HSDPA 42.2 Mbit/s ?, HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s ?GPRS:Available EDGE:Available sim size SIM1: Nano Subscribe and get the top tech news of the day Delivered to your mailbox[Change Setting] Connect with us FOLLOWERS1.5m FOLLOWERS250k FOLLOWERS35k RELATED From around the web From GADGETSNOW Recommended By Colombia From Around the Web From GADGETSNOW Recommended By Colombia Comments Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message In the store Coolpad Note 5 Lite (Space Grey, 3GB RAM + 16 GB)₹ 8199 BUY Samsung On5 Pro (Gold)₹ 7990 BUY Moto G Play, 4th Gen (Black)₹ 7999 BUY OnePlus 3T (Gunmetal, 6GB RAM + 64GB memory)₹ 29999 BUY Redmi 4A (Grey, 16GB)₹ 5999 BUY Samsung EVO Plus Grade 3, Class 10 32GB MicroSDXC 100 MB/S Memory Card with SD Adapter (MB-MC32GA/IN)₹ 850 BUY AmazonBasics In-Ear Headphones (Black)₹ 399 BUY Intex IT-PB11K 11000 mAh Power Bank (White)₹ 860 BUY Lenovo PA13000 13000 mAh Powerbank (White)₹ 1299 BUY Kaspersky Internet Security for Android - 1 Device, 1 Year (voucher)₹ 74 BUY Intex IT-PB11K 11000mAH Power Bank (Black)₹ 929 BUY Mi 20000mAh Power Bank (White)₹ 2150 BUY SanDisk 16GB Class 4 micro SDHC Memory Card (SDSDQM-016G-B35)₹ 350 BUY Syska Power Pro 200 20000mAH Power Bank (Black)₹ 1599 BUY Roboster Stereo Earphone Hands-Free Mini Size Headset With Mic And Volume Controller 3.5Mm Jack Compatible For all Androind devices.₹ 185 BUY Latest News Unannounced Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017), Galaxy J5 (2017) show up in hands-on videos Top tech news of the week (May 22-27) Samsung Galaxy S8, S8+ don't use Bluetooth 5.0 technology yet, here's why Bill seeking H-1B limits exemption for US PhD holders introduced IN THE STORE From around the Web More From GadgetsNow Recommended By Colombia Read moreSiriiphone 8DIGITAL ASSISTANTartificial intelligenceApple Siriapple neural engineApple iPhoneapple artificial intelligenceAppleAI Most Popular Cognizant to fired employees: Take nine months salary and leave on good terms JioFiber Preview Offer with three months free service coming in June: Report 16-yr-old US boy's tweet breaks world record Cognizant employees up in arms as news of more layoffs spreads Apple iPhone 5s, iPhone SE set to get big price cuts in India Zomato hacked, data of 17 million users stolen: Report H-1B visas: How about banning Facebook and Google, asks Airtel chairman Sunil Mittal Cisco buys Indian-origin CEO led company Viptela for $610 million Here's why you may get big discounts on smartphones in June Indian IT giants may see big job cuts Opinion: IT companies are hiring, jobs meltdown is a myth Commercial e-vehicles won't need permits Acquisitions accelerate as tech giants seek to build AI smarts Smartphone users more rational than PC users, claims study 20 Indian ventures shortlisted for 'India Emerging 20' Prasad to meet executives of top IT companies on job cuts Bitcoin can be misued, warn house panel MPs Moto 360 2nd gen smartwatch to get Android Wear 2.0 soon, says company eTaxi policy may incentivise both aggregators & drivers 1Apple working on a new processor dedicated for AI-related tasks 2Opinion: IT companies are hiring, jobs meltdown is a myth 3Commercial e-vehicles won't need permits 4Acquisitions accelerate as tech giants seek to build AI smarts 5Smartphone users more rational than PC users, claims study 620 Indian ventures shortlisted for 'India Emerging 20' 7Prasad to meet executives of top IT companies on job cuts 8Bitcoin can be misued, warn house panel MPs 9Moto 360 2nd gen smartwatch to get Android Wear 2.0 soon, says company 10eTaxi policy may incentivise both aggregators & drivers GADGETS NOW About Us Contact Us RSS Return Policy Newsletter Sitemap Privacy policy Authors Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Gadgets now mobile Refund Policy Popular Mobiles Xiaomi Redmi 4A Moto G5 Plus Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Vivo V5 Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Oneplus 3T Moto G4 Plus Oppo F1 Plus Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Mi 5S Lenovo Vibe K5 Lenovo Zuk Z1 Samsung Galaxy J7 Lenovo A7000 Lenovo K5 Note Samsung Galaxy J2 Moto E4 Samsung Galaxy On7 Oppo F3 Plus Samsung Z3 HTC Desire 820 LG G5 Sony Xperia Z5 Moto G4 Plus Nokia 6 Upcoming Mobiles Gionee S10B Xiaomi Mi Max 2 128GB Oppo R11 Plus Moto G5S Plus Moto G5S Meizu M5c Honor 6A 32GB Honor 6A LG X Venture Asus Zenfone Live 32GB LG Stylo 3 Plus Oppo A77 ZTE Max XL ZTE Blade X Max Xiaomi Redmi 4 Prime Samsung Galaxy C10 Plus Samsung Galaxy C10 Nubia Z17 Huawei Y7 Huawei Y3 2017 Huawei Nova 2 Plus Huawei Nova 2 Asus Zenfone 4 Max Coolpad Cool Play 6 Sony Xperia X Ultra Latest Mobiles LG G6 Moto G5 Plus Moto G5 Nokia 3310 New Google Nexus 9 Coolpad Note 3 Redmi Note 3 Lenovo K4 Note Moto G4 Plus OnePlus X Mobile Phones Nokia Mobiles Intex Mobiles Lenovo Mobiles Apple iPhones Moto Mobiles Vivo Mobiles Xiaomi Mobiles Samsung Mobiles Blackberry Mobiles Spice Mobiles Trending Stories Nokia 3310 New 2017 Google I/O 2017 Microsoft Surface Pro 5 Apple iphone 7 Red Google Areo Flipkart acquires EBay Trending Topics H-1B Visa Airtel Reliance Jio Samsung S8 Launch Copyright © 2017 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. | The Times of India. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service
CLOSE X Shop @ LootAfrican IndependentYoung IndependentIOL PropertyIVEO Sun 28 May news politics BUSINESS Business Report Personal Finance sport entertainment lifestyle motoring travel SUBSCRIBE special features the zuma era manchester blast trump's america durban tourism indaba NEWS POLITICS business business report personal finance SPORT ENTERTAINMENT LIFESTYLE MOTORING TRAVEL Multimedia NEWSPAPERS Classifieds Cape Community About IOL news south africa South Africa All News South Africa South Africa Crime & Courts Western Cape Gauteng Mpumalanga Limpopo Eastern Cape North West Northern Cape Kwa-Zulu Natal Free State | Politics Politics Justice & Security Education Development | Africa | World | Opinion | Eish! | Special Features Special Features The Zuma Era Manchester Blast Trump's America Durban Tourism Indaba | Advertisement Big-spending SA students all about 'BRAND ME' South Africa | 27 May 2017, 11:54am Kevin Ritchie Johannesburg - South African students spend more than the average adult, the total market of student spend is R32 billion a year and the biggest brand is "Brand Me". These are just some of the top line findings of the fifth annual Student Spend Report conducted by marketing agency Student Village. Conducted among 3249 respondents on campuses across the country, equally spread between first to final years and distributed among students in res, digs, renting or still at home, the survey tracks the evolution of students’ spending patterns and attitudes towards credit and brands since 2010. Tell a friend Cellphones are the most high value purchases made, with Samsung leading the pack at 49%, against Huawei at 15% and Apple at 13%. File picture: Oupa Mokoena The researchers were also able to track what the effects were of the nationwide #FeesMustFall movement in 2015 and again last year. As former student villager and well-known radio DJ Poppy Ntshongwana wryly noted, while MC-ing the presentation, when she’d been a student at Tukkies almost 13 years ago, a meal had consisted of a Chelsea bun for the day; these days food is dominating the debate. The biggest change over the last seven years though has been the transition from brands as an aspirational tool to create identity through to Brand Me, the careful selection of a particular brand(s) to complement the individual’s identity. Brand Me, also articulated as "Slaying the Gram" - dominating social media site Instagram - is about experiences, the rarer the better. Students are doing whatever it takes to make money working the "gig economy", doing everything from waiting tables, writing blogs to working as data capturers to earn the money they need to enjoy the life they want, whether it’s travelling or going to concerts. They’re saving up to 17% of their monthly income, but not as a long term project - only to fund the next purchase, a short-term goal that can often be very expensive, the researchers found. Male students are spending more than females, but female students are more concerned about their sexual health, spending more on contraception than their male counterparts. Black students, according to the research spend the most on takeaways and cosmetics, coloured students on clothes and jewellery, with white students spending most on groceries and alcohol. Cellphones are the most high value purchases made, with Samsung leading the pack at 49%, against Huawei at 15% and Apple at 13%. The computer-tech sector amounts to a R7bn market per year on campuses. Premium clothing is the next big buy with a total annual market value of R15bn, with one in three students shopping online. Computicket dominates this segment, underpinning the quest for experiences followed by the dramatic growth of Mr Price, attributed by the researchers for its edge online presence and affordable though on trend apparel. Most money though is still going to pay for rent or accommodation. More and more students are taking out credit, in the form of retail accounts, to develop credit scores, with most having accounts at Edgars although these are mostly inherited accounts from families, followed by Truworths and then Mr Price. Twenty-nine percent of the sample had credit cards with Capitec leading the way, leapfrogging from fourth place in the last survey, beating Standard Bank into second place. “It’s not the sexiest of brands,” said the researchers, “but it’s the smartest, speaking directly to the needs of the students in terms of providing banking services with no administrative fees. To find out more about the Student Spend Report, go to http://www.studentmarketing.co.za/student-spend-report-2017-brand-generation-buying-experiences/ Top 10 things you need to know about student spending in 2017: 1. Students in 2017 are all about "BRAND ME" 2. Money buys students worthwhile experiences 3. Students still spend more than the average South African 4. Students are doing #WhatEverItTakes to make money 5. Students are saving to look good and make memories 6. Clothing and footwear up almost threefold 7. Students of different ethnicities and gender spend differently 8. Students' highest value purchase - smartphones 9. Online shopping is increasing - 1 in 3 students shop online 10. Students believe that debt can help buy them a credit rating Saturday Star Tell a friend Most Read 1 #ANCNEC: Motion of no confidence tabled against Zuma 2 Zuma faces no confidence vote at ANC NEC - report 3 Susan Rohde was 'beaten, strangled' 4 Massive mambas on the move in Durban 5 The world gets its first real look at the Trump marriage Advertisement X COMPANY About IOL Contact us Feedback Follow us on EXPLORE IOL News Politics Business Report Personal Finance Sport Entertainment Lifestyle Motoring Travel LISTINGS & MORE Newspapers Classifieds Careers Community Weather IOL IN YOUR INBOX Sign up to receive breaking news in your inbox. SIGN UP OR subscribe to e-editions of our Newspaper titles. Terms & Conditions Privacy policy Feedback Advertise with us © Independent Media and affiliated companies. All rights reserved
May 27, 2017 | 75° | Check Traffic Subscribe Customer Service Print Replica LOG IN Search for: Home Top News Local Sports Crave Features Business Editorial Obituaries Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Search for: LOG IN SUBSCRIBE Archives Columnists TGIF Video Photo Galleries Hawaii Prep World Hawaii Warrior World Blogs Travel Religion Hokulea Merrie Monarch Movie Listings TV Week Corrections Dining Out Hawaii Renovation Special Sections Honolulu Street Pulse Home Archives Top News Local Sports Crave Business TGIF Features Editorial Religion Columnists Travel Print Replica Blogs Video Photo Galleries Hokulea Merrie Monarch Customer Service Cars Homes Classifieds Movie Listings Jobs TV Week NYT| Top News Graduating? Here’s what to know about your student loans New York Times Posted May 26, 2017 May 26, 2017 Updated May 26, 2017 11:49pm COURTESY PIXABAY Most federal student loans come with at least a six-month grace period, a time during which you don’t have to make monthly payments. For spring graduates, that means repayment is likely to begin sometime in November or December. Whether the speaker at your college graduation is Apple chief executive Tim Cook (MIT) or actress Eva Longoria (Knox College), the event signals the end of your undergraduate career — and moves you that much closer to having to repay your student loans. Most federal student loans come with at least a six-month grace period, a time during which you don’t have to make monthly payments. For spring graduates, that means repayment is likely to begin sometime in November or December. That gives new graduates some breathing room — to find a job, rent or buy an apartment, or buy a car — before starting to make payments. But many borrowers, despite studying hard to earn a degree, are uneducated about the type of loan they have, how long it will take to repay, what their monthly payment is likely to be and other important details, according to research from Prudential Financial. So they may be caught off guard when it comes time to begin repayment. “There’s a lot of ignorance, unfortunately, and it causes people a lot of angst,” said James Mahaney, vice president of strategic initiatives at Prudential. He suggests taking simple steps, like creating a filing system for loan documents, to help keep on top of your obligations. To help things go smoothly, make sure your student loan servicer — the company that sends you statements, collects payments and otherwise manages your loan — has your correct contact information. That means not only your street address, but also your cellphone number and email address. You’re responsible for making sure your servicer knows how to reach you, even if you move, said Lauren Asher, president of the Institute for College Access and Success. If statements go to an old address, you may end up making late payments — and that may cost you in late fees and added interest. It’s important to know if you have a federal loan (borrowed from the government) or a private one (borrowed from a bank or other lender). Federal loans typically have more consumer protections, including the option of flexible repayment plans if you have trouble affording your payments. If you don’t know whether you have federal or private loans, or both, check on the Education Department’s National Student Loan Data System, which lists federal loans. Loans not listed there are private, and you can usually get details about them from your college financial aid office or by checking your credit report. Mark Kantrowitz, a financial-aid expert and publisher of college site Cappex.com, said that during the grace period, federal loan borrowers should choose a repayment plan, ideally with the highest monthly payment they can afford. The standard, 10-year repayment plan is usually the shortest and least expensive overall. Longer-term repayment plans lower the monthly payment but cost more in interest over the life of the loan. The Education Department offers a payment estimator tool on its website. For some types of federal loans, interest accrues and is added to your balance at the end of the grace period. So it may be smart to make payments on those loans during the grace period, if you can, to help keep the balance from growing. Interest doesn’t accrue during the grace period on federal “subsidized” loans, which are based on financial need. Also, Kantrowitz suggests having payments automatically debited from your bank account. You’ll be less likely to be late with a bill, and you may qualify for a bit of a discount — 0.25 percent, or 0.50 percent — as an incentive. — Here are some questions and answers about student loans: What if I need more time before I begin repaying my federal student loans? If it’s a short-term cash crunch, you can seek a deferment or forbearance allowing a temporary pause in payments. If it’s a longer-term problem, like a low-paying job, consider applying for a flexible repayment program, which ties monthly payments to your income, Asher said. A helpful online tool for applying for such plans, the IRS Data Retrieval Tool, has been disabled since March, but is expected to become available soon. (The tool won’t be available to help borrowers complete the Free Application for Federal Student Aid, or FAFSA, an important financial aid form for those attending college, until the fall). Do private student loans have grace periods? Grace periods for private loans vary, so check with your lender. Sallie Mae, which services its own loans, generally has a 6-month grace period, although some of its loans can have longer ones, a spokeswoman, Martha Holler, said. Sallie Mae typically sends out notices to alert borrowers that repayment is about to start — another reason to make sure your lender knows how to reach you, she said. Sallie Mae offers an online budget work sheet to help borrowers plan for repayment. Do employers offer student loan repayment help? Tuition reimbursement help is more common, but some companies offer student loan repayment assistance as an employee benefit, so it’s worth asking your employer. For more tips on repaying student loans, check the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau’s website. Get the latest news by email Sign Up Share this: PREV NEXT Most Read Luxury condo ship stops in Honolulu amid world travels Rail officials in bind over blood bank Tago’s second chance doesn’t work out Blaisdell audience roars for Trevor Noah Parents of girl filmed urinating tell school ‘do something’ Comments () By participating in online discussions you acknowledge that you have agreed to the TERMS OF SERVICE. An insightful discussion of ideas and viewpoints is encouraged, but comments must be civil and in good taste, with no personal attacks. If your comments are inappropriate, you may be banned from posting. Flag comments if you believe they do not follow our guidelines. Click here for more information on our commenting system. Copyright ©2017 staradvertiser.com. All rights reserved. 500 Ala Moana Blvd. #7-210, Honolulu, HI 96813 Telephone: (808) 529-4747 About Us Media Kit Advertise Privacy Policy Contact Information Terms of Service
SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story Home World news Apple opens first official store in South East Asia Apple opens first official store in South East Asia Merchandise such as the iPhone and MacBook were strategically placed on display across the spacious first floor, while the upper level acted as a classroom for customers to participate in hands-on sessions. Hundreds of shoppers camped out in anticipation of the launch, while more than a thousand thronged the store soon after the doors opened. By: AFP | Singapore | Updated: May 27, 2017 1:49 PM Apple opened its first Southeast Asia store in Singapore today, drawing hundreds of excited fans to the swanky two-storey site in the city’s upmarket shopping district. (Reuters) Apple opened its first Southeast Asia store in Singapore today, drawing hundreds of excited fans to the swanky two-storey site in the city’s upmarket shopping district. Located on the affluent Orchard Road, the new shop — easily distinguished by its iconic glass facade — is expected to be one of the most popular Apple stores in the world according to the US tech giant. Merchandise such as the iPhone and MacBook were strategically placed on display across the spacious first floor, while the upper level acted as a classroom for customers to participate in hands-on sessions. Hundreds of shoppers camped out in anticipation of the launch, while more than a thousand thronged the store soon after the doors opened, an AFP reporter observed. First in the queue was Xiang Jiaxin, a twenty-five- year-old Chinese national working in Macau who had queued for more than 12 hours overnight and planned a holiday to Singapore especially to coincide with the opening. Also watch: “I am very happy and excited to be part of this. I have participated in the official store openings in Macau, Guangzhou and Nanjing,” he told AFP. Apple, which has a staggering $256.8 billion cash stockpile, celebrated its 40th-anniversary last year. The Silicon Valley legend sprang out of Steve Jobs’ garage to reshape modern life with trend-setting gadgets. Most of its earnings come from the iPhone, which faces increasingly tough competition in a saturated market. The tech behemoth has almost 500 stores globally with more than a million visitors daily. Aside from Singapore, its Asia shops are located in Hong Kong, China and Japan. A regional transport, business and financial hub, Singapore attracted 16.4 million visitors last year. No Comments. Don't Miss Mann ki Baat: PM Modi asks 3 generations of families to come together & practice Yoga, lauds Afroz Shah for cleaning Versova Beach Petition in Pakistan SC seeks immediate execution of Kulbhushan Jadhav Kashmir LIVE updates: Army guns down one terrorist in Poonch, protests continue after Sabzar Bhat's death CBSE 12th Result 2017 topper: Raksha Gopal of Amity International School Noida tops with 99.6%; CBSE has declared result, visit official website cbse.nic.in Mann ki Baat: From importance of Yoga to welcoming criticism; 5 key takeaways from PM Modi's 32nd radio address IT to remain net recruiter, automation to watch out for: Report Venkaiah Naidu, Arvind Kejriwal inaugurate Heritage Line stretch of Delhi Metro at 10 am London airports mayhem: British Airways blames Indian IT services CBDT committee to review 'naming, shaming' of tax defaulters CBSE 12th Result 2017: Senior School Certificate Examination results declared at 10 AM, visit cbse.nic.in to know your scores Business Gallery Sri Lanka floods: Indian Navy’s INS Kirch reaches for rescue operations; take a look Dhola-Sadiya bridge images: Indian Army’s powerful tanks can roll on it! All about India’s longest river bridge Sachin: A Billion Dreams: Indian cricket team attends screening, Virat Kohli, Yuvraj Singh, others have gala time; check pics Britain on high alert: UK raises threat level to maximum after terror attack; take a look PM Narendra Modi brings Narmada water to parched Kutch; here’s how Technology Gallery SpaceX launches Inmarsat-5 F4 communications satellite successfully; here’s a look Meizu M5 smartphone launched in India priced at Rs 10,499; packs 3070mAh battery Secret US space plane lands in Florida after 2 years in orbit: 5 things you need to know PM Modi’s gift to South Asia: Here’s how Satellite GSLV-F09 was prepared before takeoff Satellite GSLV-F09: India’s ‘invaluable gift’ to South Asian neighbours Hindi News मन की बात: रेडियो कार्यक्रम में बोले पीएम नरेंद्र मोदी-लोकतंत्र में सरकारों को जवाबदेह होना चाहिए CBSE 12th Result 2017: घोषित हुए सीबीएसई 12वीं बोर्ड परीक्षा परिणाम, यहां देखें अपना रिजल्ट दिल्ली यूनिवर्सिटी में दिखे "ISIS" समर्थित नारे! एबीवीपी ने की पुलिस में शिकायत Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
News Headline News Underground (Live/Industry/Events) Reviews Albums Singles Live Musical Destinations Interviews Video Exclusives Exclusives Press Conferences Sessions YouTube CompetitionsComps Tickets GROUP SITES UK Italy Malta Underground Film News Theatre News Game News News Underground (Live/Industry/Events) Reviews Albums Singles Live Musical Destinations Interviews Video Exclusives Exclusives Press Conferences Sessions YouTube CompetitionsComps Contact Tickets UK Italy Malta Underground Film News Theatre News Game News NEWS results - view all UNDERGROUND results - view all results - view all results - view all COMPETITION results - view all NEWS Shakira: This project [El Dorado] just felt like the Everest 23 h Newsdesk Share with: On Beats 1 Ebro Darden had a special in-depth interview with Shakira where she broke down each track on her album exclusively before her new album El Dorado dropped on Apple Music. How did it feel working on this project? When I first starting working on this album, the first weeks, I was so intimidated by the whole thing; being in front of this white canvas and I didn’t know what to draw on it. I kinda panicked a little bit. This project just felt like the Everest and the first two weeks I was not encouraged at all. I was nervous, I was confused, I didn’t know if I was going to be able to do this. It seemed like an insurmountable task you know. But my family played a very important role in giving me support and helping me rediscover who I am, who I was, and what I have inside as an artist you know and creatively. Suddenly I started writing songs like “La Bicicleta” and “Toneladas” which was one of the first songs of this album and that’s my son moaning in the back. Like I was saying before, my family’s support was really vital for me to re-encounter, rediscover inspiration. Inspiration was there the whole time, it has been there all of this time, all of these years. It hasn’t gone anywhere. You know when you come across a treasure that you’ve been searching for your entire life. That’s how I felt when I started writing the first song for this album. It felt like I had stumbled with El Dorado. El Dorado by the way is this mythical treasure that exists. There are different versions. For some it’s a golden city, for some it’s a mythical treasure submerged in the waters of a lake in my country. For some it’s just a spiritual state. For me it was inspiration itself. It was re-encountering inspiration and re-encountering my creative persona and feeling so ecstatic about it. When I first — when I really started creating all of these songs. It felt so right. It felt like I was home. Why the title El Dorado and how should fans interpret it? For an artist finding inspiration is like finding a treasure. An album is a collection of findings, miraculous findings. Every song is a miracle when it comes through you. It’s always so unpredictable. The whole process. How you going to come up with a song. Sometimes the lyrics come first. Sometimes the melody. Sometimes they come together. Like if someone magically mysteriously would have sent them to you or though you from some unknown dimension or parallel universe. I'm sounding a little esoteric, but the truth is that the inspiration it’s really a mystery and finding it, it’s very similar to how those conquistadors, those Spanish conquistadors felt when they found their desired gold, but to me there’s no bigger wealth than of course having a family and feeling inspired. Balancing motherhood and music I often feel like a juggler, it’s really hard. I think being a mom is definitely the hardest job I’ve ever had. Especially, I’m very demanding with myself, I always wanna do it the best way. I wanna make sure that my kids are growing up feeling especially loved. Sometimes we take it for granted and we think that they’re feeling loved, but do they really feel that love? Are they gonna be able to capitalize on that and become good people out of that love that you give them? It’s hard in this modern world where women have to juggle so many aspects of our lives, and finding that balance is one of the most challenging things for any of us. You don’t have to be a celebrity to be feeling this way. Any woman I bet would say the same. It’s definitely not easy to be so many personas at the same time. Be a great mom, to also be a girlfriend or a wife and also a professional, and take care of your house and take care of your friends; It’s so many things. There’s also a physical aspect too, take time to exercise, to be sexy. So many things. It’s hard, but sometimes I feel like I need a clone (laughs). The technology isn’t quite there yet. What advice to you have for the fellas trying to support their significant other? You guys have it easy. You only suffer because you have to put up with us that’s all. You know I think that men you cannot multi task. That’s one thing you cannot do. You suck at multitasking. You go nuts. Gerard what he says, “Oh my god I have so many things. I’m going nuts.” I’m like, “What do you have?” and he mentions like three things and he’s going nuts (laughs). It’s funny. I don’t think you can actually cross the street and chew gum at the same time. You would get run [over] by a car. No advice. It is what it is. Stay out of the way and just cause the least amount of trouble possible. How did you go about selecting the individuals to work with on this album? It’s true that I enjoy the fusion. I enjoy bringing elements from different worlds and making them coexist in one song and even in one album. It’s one of the advantages of being a solo artist. I guess that if I were just part of the band my fans wouldn’t tolerate it. They’ve been pretty good sports with me in that sense. My fans have been supportive, and loyal, accompanying me throughout all these years in my different adventures that I embark on. Every time I produce an album because I’m unpredictable as well in the way that I make music. A little chaotic, a little eclectic, but a little chaotic at the same time and I sometimes like to experiment with songs that have latin influences or middle eastern influences and then suddenly I decide to take another turn and just go completely purist or flirt a little bit with rock music or different genres in general. My fans take it well so I’ve been lucky in that sense and they have supported my way of working. And I guess there's a method to the madness I’m not so much of an anarchist as it seems. Musically I’ve been feeling my whole life like sort of free. I’ve had the license, that creative license to go pretty much anywhere I want. Never really respected a unity of concept for an album. I didn’t want to — I never wanted to create an album that sounded in a certain way and not move from those parameters. I wanted to always have the opportunity to go in any direction that I felt going to. The way I select my collaborations, it’s all so very random as well, it just happens as it goes; I play it by ear. As I start a project, maybe I suddenly the idea of working with someone and sometimes those requests are listened and it happens and sometimes it doesn’t happen. It sort of depends. Sometimes you have like the biggest and most wonderful surprises when you work with an artist you never expected working with and then something really spectacular happens in the studio like in the case with Maluma. I wasn’t even that familiar with his work and someone in the company, Afo Verde been an excellent support for me in this whole process. He suggested that I met with him and we got in the studio see what happens and man, it was like the most terrific three days. In two days we did two songs, we produced them we wrote the music, lyrics, everything together, which is very rare you know. We walked out from the studio with two amazing songs that are a part of this album. Carlos Vives and Maluma Many of my fellow Colombians enjoyed the fact that Vives and I got together, and also Maluma. Maluma is a very young talent, but very promising. Vives is just one of the highest representatives of our folk music He’s done so much for our culture and our idiosyncrasies as a country, and our music. It was sort of a debt that I had with myself, like I owed myself the opportunity to work with him. It’s something that we’ve been talking about over the years. We’ve been flirting with this idea of working together and then suddenly it happened with the right song and at the right moment; it was really historical for us. What was the hardest song to finish on the album? It happens sometimes. Sometimes it happens and it’s totally worth it sometimes. Sometimes it’s just a waste of time. In the case of “Hips Don’t Lie” remember I spent a whole month on that song, but that was the best time - how do you say - time well spent. The best time spent in my career. But there are times that you spend so much energy and efforts on a track and it just doesn’t go anywhere. You just like a dog chasing your own tail. About “Coconut Tree” This Coconut Tree song is one of my most beloved songs because it’s very personal. It narrates the story of how Gerard, my baby daddy; we actually fled and took a plane hiding from everyone and went to an island. We actually disappeared form the map. Nobody knew we were starting to fall in love and so that song describes all of that magical moment in my life and how it all happened. It’s one of those songs that just came out so easy like it had always been there. A lot has changed in music, do you think about that when it comes to pleasing your fans? Not at all and that’s one of the most freeing aspects about El Dorado, about this album. I got in the studio and like I said the first weeks I was apprehensive, I was intimidated, I was scared even, but then I just forgot about all that and I said you know what, I’m just gonna make my album. I’m just gonna make the kind of music that I know how to make and I’m gonna do it for me, and I’m gonna enjoy my time in the studio. How hard can it be? It’s making music, it’s not brain surgery. It’s making music and it should be enjoyable and I should be able to enjoy it first and that completely changed my game. Another factor that changed my game entirely was when I embraced the idea of just making songs and not a whole album, not a whole body of work. I kinda relieved myself from that pressure of having to deliver by a certain date a whole project. I said, you know what I’m just gonna make songs and as soon as their ready, as soon as they come out from the oven I’m gonna release them, put them out there. And that sense of immediacy, knowing that my music could be out there, could be out their tomorrow, we could be reaching my audience so quickly, just opened up a whole world of possibilities for me. Because the other way that albums have been made throughout the years, it implied me getting in this white bunker for a whole year or year and a half. And depriving me from the opportunity of communicating with my fans and sharing my music more often. I take a long time making albums historically it’s been like that with me. Also preparing tours because since I’m so involved from day one with not only the creation of the songs, but also with the production of the songs, it just takes longer time than with many other artists that maybe delegate a little more or have different writing camps. It just helps when you have a team of people working for you, but I’m kind of like my own — I’m like the orchestra woman. It has advantages but also great disadvantages. It takes me a long time. So I’m not as prolific as other artists maybe. Just knowing that I could put songs out there on a song by song basis, it just changed my entire game and then suddenly I became really fertile and really excited to come to the studio everyday. Since you were mentioning before my kids, it’s worth mentioning as well that they have also paradoxically helped my process. This is something that I thought was going to be possible. How am I going to make an album with two kids. They’re so small, they require me all the time. How am I going to do it? Before I was a mother I was such a procrastinator. I would enter the studio at I dunno, 3-4 in the afternoon and just like waste time like there’s no tomorrow. Go to sleep at 4-5 in the morning. Wake up the next day at 12 and start my day again. This would take me forever. Now I have kids who require me so I have to really stick to schedule and be super efficient. I would be like okay guys! Im here! What do we have to do? It would make my work so much more direct and I’ve become a little more efficient over the years. My kids have made me this way. They have turned me into a more punctual person, which I wasn't at all before and now I’m a little more consistent with my routine, my time — they keep me in order. On Being On The Voice It was a new thing, definitely a one of a kind experience. An adventure as well and challenging. A challenging gig for me because I had just — actually I started on the show when I was pregnant with Milan, my first son and I had to take him — I had just delivered my son and I had to take him to the set everyday, I was even breastfeeding him; talking about working moms (laughs). I remember that Blake was always so intrigued. He’s like “uh, are you gonna go breast feed him now? So, how does it work?” He was asking me questions. I’m like okay Blake I’m not discussing this with you (laughs). Let’s switch topics. But yeah it was crazy, it was fun as well, I was in good company, and I was enjoying myself. I wouldn’t do it again. It was just a stage in my life. I was getting all of my world back in order and it was a good opportunity to kind of like take a small break from music and have a relationship with music from another perspective. I did it and it was great, but I wouldn’t do it again I don’t think. Putting music out as soon as it happens/are we gonna see more Shakira? Yeah exactly that’s the point. I’m pumped now. I’m completely reenergized and that’s one of the biggest triggers. One of the factors that really got made me get into this mode of wanting to make more music any time. I think the way — you guys have been an agent of change in this regard. I think that music now is appreciated much more. Right now music now is so much more democratic. People have access to music in less expensive ways, in more direct ways. You can communicate with your fans on a daily basis though your social platforms. I really enjoy the moment that music is going through right now because I think that everyone actually has an opportunity to make music, to share it with the world. And all the songs in an album have an opportunity to be heard, there’s no b-sides anymore. Also the way people relate to music is different and is more open and is like you said more immediate and it can happen anywhere. Think about it like 50 years ago you had to be in your house in front of your record player. Who else does Shakira want to work with? That’s one of the very interesting things that’s happening right now in music. People are very open to collaborations. Collaborations are always a way to - they’re how do you say, enriching. They’re nourishing. They nourish an artist, they make you grow as an artist, you learn from the experience of working with someone else from their methods, from what inspires them. It opens your world up a little more. It’s good because you can transcend into the lives of others in ways that you couldn't before. The fact that people are so open to collaborations it just makes the artists work so much more pleasurable as well. I really enjoy getting into the studio with another artist especially if they’re cool. If they’re good people to hang with. I was so fortunate with this album and this particular time to get to know people like Maluma or Nicky Jam. It just makes the whole music making process much more fun when you can share with other people and learn from other people as well. Ambassador to the Caribbean world Well, I’m Caribbean. I was raised dancing to Caribbean music. That was part of my whole musical and cultural upbringing. Colombia is a small country but has great diversity. 55% of the country is jungle but we also have snowed mountains and two oceans, the Pacific and the Atlantic ocean. I grew up right at the border of the Atlantic ocean. We have a great influence from the African culture. It’s rooted in us and embedded in our culture and in our music. That’s why it’s been so easy for me to work with people like Wyclef or like Nicky Jam. That’s why I’ve also been very curious to explore these different sounds, but it’s also what I was brought up with. It clearly reflects the way I make music and my own sounds. I started traveling at a very young age. My first big break happened when I was 18 years old and I started touring all over Latin-America and I did my first visits to Europe, but also Brazil. I just absorbed all of those different influences from different countries. I was in awe seeing the world and taking it all in. I was only eighteen years old and I learned Portuguese in flash time, in one month, I was already dong the Zamba and dancing like a Brazilian and speaking like a Brazilian. That happens when you’re brain’s so plastic. The plasticity of your brain allows you to learn so much so fast. The fact that I started my career as an adolescent as a child allowed me to appreciate cultures and to also become a part of those cultures as well. I feel very Colombian but I do feel as a citizen of the world. I really do. I know it sounds like a cliche phrase to say. I do feel that I come from — a little bit of me comes from different places. I come from a little bit of every where. It’s inevitable for me to feel that way. I feel a little bit Spanish, and a little bit Brazilian, and a little bit Middle Eastern, and a little bit Italian, and a little bit French and a little bit American. There are parts of me that have been crafted by all these different cultures and at the end of the day it has this exposure to so many different idiosyncrasies and ideologies and cultures and places have also crafted my music and my sound. On Fitness For me I play tennis everyday, I love tennis it’s what I do; at least an hour an hour and a half. That helps me stay in shape. Sometimes I do a little bit of abs and work other muscle groups, but I become a little bit more lazy to hit the gym. I enjoy being outdoors and playing sports. An hour and a half it’s important, ya. I’m not constantly on a diet but I try to eat healthy. Mostly Spanish album When I first started working on this album, it wasn’t a requirement to do a Spanish or an English album; I just let it be and that’s what happened. TICKETS LATEST NEWS Follow us Sign-up HOME NEWS REVIEWS INTERVIEWS COMPETITIONS ABOUT CONTACT MEDIA PACK ADVERTORIAL RSS FEEDS ARTIST BOOSTER BAND AND ARTIST DIRECTORY MUSIC NEWS ITALY MUSIC NEWS MALTA MN UNDERGROUND FILM NEWS THEATRE NEWS GAME NEWS © Music-News 2017
lifehacker Deadspin Fusion Gizmodo Jalopnik Jezebel Kotaku Lifehacker The Root Video Skillet Two Cents Vitals Ditch Apple's Default Keyboard for One of These Alternatives Patrick Lucas AustinFriday 6:00pm Filed to: iPhone Android Keyboards Utilities 62 5 Edit Promote Share to Kinja Toggle Conversation tools Go to permalink Image credit: John Moore/Getty In terms of functionality, Apple’s generic, preloaded keyboard has certainly improved, but even after adding its own App Store, complete with stickers and apps, it’s still a little bland. What I do love about Apple is its support for third-party keyboards. You can ditch the generic offering and download enough keyboards for every conceivable customization option you want. Keep in mind you don’t have to commit. Don’t be afraid to install more than one keyboard! If I’m looking for some particular animated image I’ll use GIPHY Keys more than Gboard, but during normal texting hours or when typing in a note-taking app like Bear, swipe-friendly keyboards are my tool of choice. Gboard (Android, iOS) Google’s keyboard (available for iOS and Android) is packed with just enough features to be useful but not too many to be cumbersome or unwieldy. It’s been my keyboard of choice since its debut, thanks to its simple search integration: In true Google fashion, you can search from the keyboard itself and send links as well as descriptive cards to recipients. Its responsive swipe functionality is great for popping in and out where other keyboards I’ve tried in the past were somewhat sluggish in acknowledging my swiping as spelling. Advertisement You can pull images and GIFs from Gboard to send or save (though the results sometimes differ between its desktop and Gboard searches). Sure, you can type on it like a traditional keyboard, but Gboard also features glide typing—swiping your finger across letters to spell words—just like Swype and Swiftkey, and it learns from your history to improve its predictive search and text suggestion without transmitting personal data to the company. If you’re on a bigger phone, the combination of glide typing and a one-handed typing setting on Gboard is a godsend, and makes texting easier and less stressful on your weak human form. Like talking to your phone? Gboard supports text dictation just like Apple’s keyboard. Gboard for Android packs in a few more extra features than its iOS counterpart, including language auto-detection complete with autocorrect and suggested text, as well as live translation. Word Flow (iOS) Made by a team in Microsoft’s experimental Garage division, Word Flow’s easy one-handed use lets me knock some text off even while straphanging. Its standout feature is its curved keyboard mode: the keyboard sits in the corner of your screen and makes it easy for your thumb to reach every letter. You can even glide type while it’s curved, and see its suggested text (though the curvature reduces the selection choice list). The built-in web search powered by Bing lets you copy and paste images and GIFs, too. If you’re suffering from thumb trouble during your typing sessions or just want to be able to reach your keys without two hands, then this is definitely a keyboard to test. 60 Essential Keyboard Shortcuts Every Office Worker Should Know Of course, you may not need all 60 of these, but knowing them will make you flexible, fast, and…Read more Swiftkey (Android, iOS) With SwiftKey, Microsoft now has two different keyboards in Apple’s app store. Swiftkey just got a much-needed redesign and with it a more minimal, functional look. It’s also more responsive than before, registering swipes quickly enough. It supports swipe typing like Gboard and Word Flow, and custom themes in case you want to add colors to your keycaps. Advertisement Sponsored Hooking Swiftkey up to your Facebook or Google account gives it access to your data (it’s encrypted before leaving your device, and Swiftkey doesn’t have your login information) that it uses to personalize your autocorrect functionality as well as predictive text suggestions. It will even show you how it’s adjusting your typing style and how much time you’re saving by not tapping away at letters. It’s got a few tricks up its sleeve if you’re looking to expand your language options—a recent update boosted support to over 100 languages. GIPHY Keys (iOS) I like GIFs. You like GIFs. We all like GIFs. Why not use a GIF-friendly keyboard? In terms of typing, you won’t find anything revolutionary here. You’ll be tapping away just like before. Giphy Keys isn’t as full-featured as Gboard, nor does it feature glide typing functionality like Swype. It’s cute, though—and it blows the competition out of the water in terms of GIF search functionality. Giphy is the gold standard of GIF integration across the web, especially since it lets you access the Betaworks company’s repository of both pop culture and original GIF content through its slew of categories—or you can search them yourself from the keyboard. Recommended Stories Eight Microsoft Word Shortcuts You May Not Know Make Your Smartphone Less Distracting by Switching Your Screen to Grayscale What Is Lucid Dreaming and How Do I Get Started? Patrick Lucas Austin @patbits Reply62 repliesLeave a reply You may also like Lifehacker Zoom in on Photos Before Handing Someone Your Phone Friday 4:30pm Lifehacker What Is Lucid Dreaming and How Do I Get Started? Friday 11:25am Lifehacker How to Agitate Politically Without Jeopardizing Your Job Friday 9:01am Recent from Patrick Lucas Austin 8 47 18.9K Lifehacker · Patrick Lucas Austin How to Write a Proper Thank-You Note Friday 8:00am 9 65 40.4K Lifehacker · Patrick Lucas Austin How to Keep Your Data Safe When Traveling Abroad Thursday 6:00pm 5 58 26.4K Lifehacker · Patrick Lucas Austin How To Block Social Sites For Your Own Damn Good Thursday 2:30pm Share Tweet About Blog Need Help? Content Guide Lifehacker Store Redirecting to the Lifehacker store in Disclaimer: You are leaving a Gizmodo Media Group, LLC website and going to a third party site, which is subject to its own privacy policy and terms of use. Continue Permissions Privacy Terms of Use Advertising Jobs RSS ©2017 Gizmodo Media Group Kinja is in read-only mode. We are working to restore service.
News Reviews Tech Tips Galleries Buying Guides Videos Talking Points SEARCH HOT GADGETS Oppo F3S Redmi 4A iPhone 7 Asus Zenfone 3s Max Moto G5 Plus Nokia 3310 Motorola Moto M PM Modi launches BHIM-Aadhaar app, now pay at shops using fingerprint HTC U with Snapdragon 835, Edge Sense to launch in April OnePlus 5 spotted again, launch date set for Q2 2017 Jio's new Dhan Dhana Dhan offer: Top 5 things that you need to know Home > Technology > iPhone 8 to come with TouchID underneath the display, may launch on September 17 Shobhit Varma   |   @shobhit_tech Last Updated: MAY 27, 2017 New Delhi Email Author  ----- UPDATE: A new rumour claims that Apple will unveil the iPhone 8 on September 17. An alleged official note sent to Apple staff mentions blackout dates from September 17 to November 4 and it is highly likely that the iPhone 8 keynote will be held between those dates. The memo, posted online by prolific tipster Benjamin Gaskin says - " As you know, there are new product announcements and launches in September". ----- Rumours and leaks regarding Apple's upcoming tenth anniversary iPhone 8 have been popping up left right and centre ever since the iPhone 7 was announced last year. One of the most persistent source of debate has been regarding the placement of the TouchID sensor in the iPhone 8. While some have claimed that Apple is going to embed the sensor underneath the display, others have been apprehensive about such a radical approach, stating that Apple is facing issues in ramping up yield rates of the new sensor. Now, a new report in Economic Daily News (EDN), spotted by MacRumours, claims that Apple has overcome this particular hurdle and has found a way to successfully embed the TouchID sensor underneath the iPhone 8's display. Also Read: iPhone 8 rumour roundup: All new bezel-less design, OLED display, 3D cameras and more According to EDN, Apple supplier Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing has confirmed the same at a technology convention held in Tapei. MacRumours also claims that in addition to fingerprint recognition, the iPhone 8 will also come with "invisible infrared image sensors to enhance the functionality of the high-pixel camera". This will also aid augmented reality functions. This ties in well with past rumours which claim that the iPhone 8's rear camera will come with '3D sensing' capabilities and new augmented reality features. Apple is also set to boost the quality of the telephoto lens in the iPhone 8, which was a little bit inferior to the wide angle lens on the iPhone 7 Plus. Apple is also set to follow the example set by the Samsung Galaxy S8 and equip the iPhone 8 with an iris scanner and facial recognition features. MacRumours report also claims that the "iris/facial recognition could be used to augment Touch ID via a high pixel-density front-facing camera". Apple is expected to release the iPhone 8 along with the iPhone 7s and iPhone 7s Plus in the coming months. The iPhone 8 is expected to sport an edge-to-edge TrueTone OLED display, a radical new bezel-less glass and metal design, wireless charging support, upgraded IP68 waterproofing, an updated 3D Touch module and a Smart Connector for wireless charging and other accessories such as VR headsets. Also Read: Do not buy Nokia 3310 for nostalgia, buy it for peace of mind For more news from India Today, follow us on Twitter @IndiaTodayTech and on Facebook at facebook.com/indiatodaytech For news and videos in Hindi, go to AajTak.in.ताज़ातरीन ख़बरों और वीडियो के लिए आजतक.इन पर आएं.   Most Read Moto Z2 Play in Lunar Gray colour with 5.5-inch display, 64GB storage, 4GB RAM spotted on TENNA Reliance Jio adds only 6 million subscribers in March, which is the lowest ever for the company: TRAI Xiaomi Redmi 4 review: Redmi 3S Prime HD remaster Mark Zuckerberg gets his Harvard degree 12 years after dropping out: 10 quotes from his speech Recommended Reviews Tecno i7 review: A decent smartphone that lacks polish Asus ZenFone Live (ZB501KL) review: Live and let live iPad 2017 review: Going back to the iPad's roots Smartron srt.phone review: Sachin Tendulkar's phone is off to a good start, almost Xiaomi Redmi 4 review: Redmi 3S Prime HD remaster VIDEOS Inside a phone factory: How smartphones are made Xiaomi Mi Note 3: dual camera and other expected features Nokia 3310 (2017): Unboxing the India variant more Tech Tips WannaCry ransomware cyber attack: Here's how you can protect yourself Tech Tips: How to delete your WhatsApp account permanently Tech tip: Delete your Facebook account permanently with these easy steps Miss old status in WhatsApp? Here's how to set it up in new WhatsApp Tech tip: Use this free method to watch region-locked YouTube videos in India more Talking Points Shobhit VarmaDo not buy Nokia 3310 for nostalgia, buy it for peace of mind Priya PathakFree Jio is gone and here is why you are going to miss it badly Shobhit VarmaSamsung Galaxy S8 is gorgeous but it is not perfect and here are 5 reasons why Javed AnwerDear DU, you should teach students NOT TO post on Facebook Javed AnwerIf you find Galaxy S8 overpriced, it is not meant for you more News Reviews Tech Tips Galleries Buying Guides Videos Talking Points Copyright © 2017 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today. Copyright © 2017 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today.
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Menu Home News Mobiles Reviews How to Features Top 10 Mobiles Gadget Finder Menu Tip Us!FacebookTwittergplusYoutube News Mobile Tablet Laptop Computer Gear Camera Reviews How To Features Gadget Finder Photos Videos English हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી Home  |  Mobile  |  News  | iPhone 8 leaked case reveals few design aspects; Display is slightly larger than iPhone 7 iPhone 8 leaked case reveals few design aspects; Display is slightly larger than iPhone 7 By: Shilpa Updated: Saturday, May 27, 2017, 13:24 [IST] We have seen quite a lot of leaks and rumors regarding the upcoming Apple's iPhone 8 device. The design being the most important aspect, there were so many renders and schematics seen online. There were rumors speaking about the bezel-less design of the phone which is said to follow the trend of recently released phones like Samsung Galaxy S8 and LG G6. Now, a phone case has been leaked online which gave away some more information of the device. This case has been compared with iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, which helped in figuring out some key aspects of the phone. Let us see what are they. Stay tuned to GizBot for more updates! Comparatively larger When this leaked case is compared with iPhone 7, it looked larger which gave us a hint that the device will be larger than the earlier released iPhones. But when the same case is compared with iPhone 7 Plus, it looked smaller. Also Read: Alleged iPhone 8 renders show dual selfie cameras So, the display size of the upcoming iPhone 8 will stand somewhere between these two compared devices. Dual-camera setup The rumors of dual-camera setup have been proved true by this newly leaked image. On the back, one can see an opening for the dual camera. The dual camera has been set up vertically with an enormous opening. This looks like the camera will have a bump which may be larger than iPhone 7 Plus. We can not find any opening for the fingerprint scanner, which confuses the design further. Earlier rumors As per the previous rumors, the display diagonal of iPhone 8 is 5.1 inches, which stands between the screen size of iPhone 7( 4.7-inch ) and iPhone 7 Plus (5.5-inch). The larger screen-to-body ratio of iPhone 8, gives us a hint that the physical size of the phone will be slightly larger than the iPhone 7. Stay tuned to GizBot for more updates! It is not yet confirmed whether the case leaked here is an official one or just designed based on the leaks and rumors surfaced earlier. It is recommended to take this leak with a pinch of salt. Source Apple iPhone 8 81,600 Specs Competitors Images +8 Read More About smartphones | apple | iPhone | iphone 8 | leaks | news Story first published: Saturday, May 27, 2017, 10:30 [IST] Other articles published on May 27, 2017 Please Wait while comments are loading... Nubia Z17's official teaser shows off its bezel-less design ahead of launch Huawei Nova 2 and Nova 2 Plus with dual rear cameras and 20MP front camera launched Airtel offering 1000 GB data free Featured Posts Opinion Poll 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers GET OUR TOP TECH STORIES DELIVERED TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Do not Disturb Gizbot in Other Languages বাংলা ગુજરાતી हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు Explore Gizbot News Gear Tablet Laptop Mobile Gadgets Features How-To Computer Gadget Finder Other Greynium Sites Oneindia Filmibeat Boldsky Drivespark Goodreturns Native Planet Careerindia Clickin Download Oneindia App Google Play App Store Follow Gizbot Daily Updates Get Gizbot Alerts Get Push Notifications About Us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Newsletters | Apps | RSS | Advertise with Us | Work for Us | Contact Us | Site Feedback | Sitemap © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Public Invited to June 3 Model Grand Opening of Rancho Tesoro in San Marcos by Brookfield Residential and California West /EINPresswire.com/ — SAN MARCOS, CA–(Marketwired – May 26, 2017) – Homebuilders Brookfield Residential and California West today announced the completion of 12 model homes at Rancho Tesoro, a new 250-acre master planned community with trails directly connecting residents to Discovery Lake in San Marcos. The public is invited to tour the designer-decorated model homes for the first time on Saturday, June 3 at 10 a.m. The community is located at Twin Oaks Valley Road and Village Drive, just south of State Route 78 in San Marcos. „San Marcos is a thriving community that provides its residents with access to nature, outstanding schools, and an emergent shopping and dining scene,” said Mercedes Meserve, Vice President of Marketing for Brookfield Residential Southern California. „With its trails, parks and 346 new homes, Rancho Tesoro complements the growth and opportunity found across the city of San Marcos. We’re honored to build in this dynamic community and share our designs with those looking for a new place to call home.” Home shoppers are encouraged to tour Rancho Tesoro’s model homes, which come in a variety of architectural styles, such as Monterey, Spanish and Santa Barbara. Model grand opening fun will continue with live music, refreshments including a gourmet coffee truck, along with balloon artists, face painters, giveaways and more. Festivities will take place from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. on Saturday. Model grand opening tours will take place on Saturday and Sunday from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Home shoppers can tour the following single-family-home neighborhoods, where prices range from the $600,000s to the $800,000s. Terracina by Brookfield Residential: Terracina offers 2,211 to 2,594 square-foot homes appointed with Apple HomeKit. With space to roam, the homes have three to five bedrooms including optional dual-master bedrooms, up to three-and-one-half baths and a two-car garage. Homes are priced from the $600,000s. Vientos by Brookfield Residential: These 2,458 to 3,009 square-foot homes with Apple HomeKit have four to five bedrooms and three to four-and-one-half baths. Some plans have a „California garage” design with a front- and rear-door opening. Homes are priced from the $600,000s. Westerly by California West: Located along the community’s western edge, Westerly features single-family residences of 2,801 to 3,521 square feet with up to five bedrooms and four-and-one-half baths, and the option for an Elan home automation system. Homes are priced from the $700,000s. Candela by Brookfield Residential: This neighborhood of Apple HomeKit-enabled residences offers 2,689 to 3,565 square feet of open living space, four to six bedrooms, three to four-and-one-half baths, a two-car garage and opportunities to customize with a children’s play area, library, music room or home gym. Homes are priced from the $800,000s. Upon completion, Rancho Tesoro will have 346 homes. Residents will have a direct connection to Discovery Lake, where they can access picnicking, catch-and-release fishing and more, as well as exclusive access to Rancho Tesoro’s three private parks including The Cabana with swimming pool, tot lot, BBQ pavilion and lawn space. Rancho Tesoro is in the high-performing San Marcos Unified school district, just south of State Route 78 and a short drive from coastal Carlsbad. For more information about the community, please visit liveranchotesoro.com. About Rancho Tesoro Opening in June 2017, Rancho Tesoro is a new master-planned community crafted by developer and homebuilder Brookfield Residential. This nature-oriented community spans more than 250 acres with dedicated open space and convenient access to nearby San Marcos Unified schools, Cal State University San Marcos, and State Route 78. Both California West and Brookfield Residential will offer single-family homes across four neighborhoods, three of which will be behind private gates, plus private pool and park amenities including a direct connection to Discovery Lake. For more information and to join the interest list, please visit LiveRanchoTesoro.com. Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/5/26/11G139794/Images/20170117_Brookfield_RanchoTesoro_Candela_HERO_Fina-a4924f0a1e86bf1e9a7c13d94ac5c0cb.jpg Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/5/26/11G139794/Images/Westerly_rendering-90dc77f9b37aaef5a6841243b3096e9b.jpg CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious INVESTOR ALERT: Khang & Khang LLP Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Dick’s Sporting Goods, Inc. and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm Next PostNext EQUITY ALERT: Lundin Law PC Announces a Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Ocwen Financial Corporation and Reminds Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm Search Recent Posts Long Strange Trip : The Grateful Dead’s Radical Anti-Authoritarian Streak 2017 SCOFMP Prescribed Burning (Prescribed Fire) AT&T Invests Nearly $30 Million Over 3-Year Period to Enhance Local Networks in Flint Warriors to Lourdes Complete Pilgrimage Warriors to Lourdes Complete Pilgrimage Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE ? Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store Classifieds Autos Get the car you’ve always wanted Property Your ideal home is within easy reach Jobs The next step in your career Classifieds Finding, buying & selling made easy Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store SHARES ANALYSIS May 28, 2017 | Last updated 6 minutes ago ---- usd---- 24KGold--   Hot Topics: Ramadan 2017 Business Podcast UAE holidays Gold Rate Weather Horoscope The GN Store UAE News Business Business Podcast Data Commodities Currencies top stories in Data Why gold fans should brace for higher prices Gold hits biggest fall since March Dubai gold prices spike, up Dh10/gram Gold Rate Sectors10 Markets7 Automotives2 Banking Construction Employment Features General Investment2 Media Careers Energy63 Retail Shipping Technology1 Telecoms Tourism top stories in Sectors ADFD finances 31 projects in Jordan worth Dh5.7b SoftBank said to mull raising stake in Nvidia Tesla’s Model X misses out on SUV hunger Aviation1 Live Flights top stories in Aviation BA cancels flights from Heathrow, Gatwick Etihad said close to hiring bank on stake sale US Treasury reviewing Iran’s aircraft licences Economy3 Property GN Property top stories in Property Turkey property market reviving New RAK entity for international businesses Ajman Free Zone sets up base in Cyprus Money5 Dirhams and Dollars5 Visas Analysis2 Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus Digital assistants are all set to take control Tech giants are making it so by making them work across operating systems Image Credit: Nino José Heredia/©Gulf News Published: 07:22 May 27, 2017 By Leonid Bershidsky, Bloomberg   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE For years, mobile phone owners have had access to just one digital assistant — Siri on an iPhone, Google Now/Google Assistant on an Android device, Cortana on a Windows one. Now that’s changing as multiple assistants proliferate to multiple phones. It sounds like an epidemic case of multiple-personality disorder but it’s actually a step toward a future in which the artificially intelligent entities will take over our gadgets and make them more powerful and easier to use. Google Assistant, the unimaginatively named software that pops up on Android phones when you say “OK Google”, is now available for iPhones. You can’t ask it to take a selfie or perform some other tasks — Apple keeps that functionality for its own Siri — but you are free to enjoy its superior speech-recognition technology. With some technical skill, you can also run Google Assistant on Windows systems alongside the native digital assistant, Cortana (which, in turn, has been available on Android and iOS for a while). Since millions of people are using Alexa, the helpful voice inside the Echo speaker, smartphone maker HTC’s new flagship phone, the U11, responds to both “OK Google” and “Alexa!”. Samsung’s Galaxy S8, for its part, includes both Google Assistant and the Korean company’s own Bixby. In other words, the digital assistants are getting untethered from makers and even operating systems. Soon, they will supersede them: The assistant becomes the primary interface, and the user doesn’t really care about what’s under the hood unless he or she is a determined geek. But that shift is predicated on improvements to voice interaction technology that have eluded developers so far. Whatever the makers of these systems claim about their voice recognition technology, it’s highly imperfect — there are lots of funny examples on Reddit’s r/SiriFail. So Google is adding keyboard input support to Assistant, and camera support will also come soon, the company announced at its developer conference. That means we’ll be able to train the phone’s camera on a flower or a building, and it’ll tell us what it is, or translate text from a foreign language without a special app. The idea is that the digital assistant will do all the work for the user. If you want to post to Facebook, for example, you won’t need to open the app — the assistant will give you a window to do it; if you’re trying to figure out if the restaurant in front of you is worth entering, you won’t need to google it or bring up the Yelp app, just train the camera on the sign and the assistant will give you all the relevant information. The benefits for the user are obvious. Eventually, it may become unnecessary to install apps on a phone — the assistant will just pull the necessary data from various services in the cloud. Digital assistant developers, for their part, can point users toward their own services, something vitally important for Google and Amazon but also helpful for Microsoft and Apple. Sure, that will probably prompt antitrust complaints, but regulators are taking years to consider such cases even with more easy-to-understand technology. In 2010, the European Commission started its investigation of how Google allegedly prioritises its own shopping comparison service in search results; the case is still dragging on. By the time it’s over, new technology will be in place that may take watchdogs another decade to parse, and since the assistants are powered by artificial intelligence, developers will have a new defence: These algorithms have a life of their own, and it won’t always be possible to completely control their choices. Now, people hardly ever use the digital assistants on desktop and laptop computers, very often on home speakers and not that frequently on phones. Talking to a gadget when you’re not driving a car remains a turn-off for many people (and for me, definitely). Only 18 per cent of smartphone users call up the assistants daily. The speakers, however, will be niche products for a long time. Not everyone can think of a use for them. Phones, however, are ubiquitous — and suddenly the whole market is up for grabs for the company that develops the perfect digital assistant and makes it the interface of choice. That’s why Samsung, for example, believes it can get in the game — and why Amazon is already in it. The mission is far from trivial. Artificial intelligence needs training to get better, and that means more interactions with humans. Companies need to entice customers to use highly imperfect products. That takes a lot of hype and some quick improvement, otherwise disappointed phone users will drift away. Google and Amazon appear to be the most determined developers at this point, but there’s still time (not that much) for Apple and Microsoft to catch up. In the end, getting the digital assistants to take over our gadgets is a collaborative effort between developers, users and machine-learning algorithms. It’s not quite clear yet if a complete takeover is even possible; that depends on whether the algorithms ever get as good at giving us what we want as we are at getting it manually (an increasingly relative term). But given the enormous resources being invested into this play, it’s likely to bring about change in the way we use our communication devices even if it doesn’t succeed 100 per cent. More from Analysis Bahrain gets a piece of good news on economy Digital assistants are all set to take control Other US studios eye Disney’s toy advantage 4th industrial revolution flows through a mobile EU gets clearheaded about GCC free trade deal Superstar MNCs need to be put on a tight leash Gulf corporate boardrooms effect culture change China shows way to seed next-gen manufacturing tags from this storyMicrosoft follow this tag on MGNFacebook follow this tag on MGNGoogle follow this tag on MGNApple follow this tag on MGNSamsung follow this tag on MGNAmazon follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsBusinessAnalysis tagsMicrosoft follow this tag on MGN+ MGNFacebook follow this tag on MGN+ MGNGoogle follow this tag on MGN+ MGNApple follow this tag on MGN+ MGNSamsung follow this tag on MGN+ MGN Also In AnalysisBahrain gets a piece of good news on economy Business Gallery Doors open to a three-day super sale Mohammad launches Marsa Al Arab project Business Videos PlayAbu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing FOLLOW US Most Popular ViewedCommentedGalleriesVideos 01Bahrain gets a piece of good news on economy 02Digital assistants are all set to take control 03Business must back education: Al Ghurair 04 How to develop an HR scorecard 05Saudi Arabian Asian oil supplies’ parity returns 13Images Mohammad launches Marsa Al Arab project May 15, 2017 8Images Where to live in Downtown Dubai Mar 15, 2011 8Images World Future Energy Summit in Abu Dhabi Jan 18, 2010 2Images China’s home-grown C919 passenger jet takes off May 05, 2017 Play Abu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Nov 24, 2016 Play Inside Emirates airline's engineering hangar Sep 20, 2015 Play Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing Oct 25, 2016 Play Video: Electronics fiesta as Gitex opens Oct 01, 2016 Currency Converter first-currency currencyAEDDinarRupee= first-currency currencyINRDinarRupee Most Popular on Gulf News Indian grandma in UAE sets world record How to maximise nutrition this Ramadan Canada woos visitors, skilled workers, students Burj Khalifa displays Egyptian flag Multi-bus crash kills 6 in Saudi Arabia No prison, thanks to grandma's pardon UAE's Barakah gets critical components Ramadan community fridges are back Your guide 2017 UAE holidays Close Recommended For You Reeling from failure? Attitude change could helpPUBLISHED ON May 26, 2017 Nokia readies for 3310’s Gulf launchPUBLISHED ON May 25, 2017 Canada woos visitors, skilled workers, studentsPUBLISHED ON May 27, 2017 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2017. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing Digital About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Up and Down Wall Street Bitcoin and Tech Stocks: A 21st Century Tulipmania? Investors’ enthusiasm is reminiscent of the mania that struck the Dutch in the 1600s. By Randall W. Forsyth Biography Updated May 27, 2017 1:16 a.m. ET It was 50 years ago today Sgt. Pepper taught the band to play, if that can be believed by aging baby boomers. It seems only yesterday that we were listening to the Beatles’ iconic album of the Psychedelic ’60s while driving around in our VW Beetles, Mustangs, Minis, or Fiat 500s. Plus ça change and all that. The release on Friday of the... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Ford Races Toward an Exciting Future Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Bitcoin and Tech Stocks: A 21st Century Tulipmania? Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Yahoo! Shares Still Look Undervalued Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Bullish on Emerging Markets, Bearish on U.S. Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. International Paper: 25% Upside and a Nice Yield Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: New Man at the Wheel at Ford 2 Are Millennials Boosting Live Entertainment? 3 Seven Years Without Google in China Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
