To enjoy our website, you'll need to enable JavaScript in your web browser. Please click here to learn how. Entertainment home uk world church society life entertainment comment video gracevine Subscribe to eNewsletter The Queen Is To Invite Donald Trump To Britain. Time For The Christian Virtue Of The 'Stiff Upper ... Revelation 5: Is Jesus Post-Truth? Meet The Christians Whose Lives Have Been Transformed By The Bible In The Congo Philippines President Duterte Lashes Out At Western 'Hypocrisy' In Talks With Putin Civilian Casualties In Mosul Are Rising Too Fast To Cope With, Says UN Give Trump Time And Don't Assume The Worst, Urges Obama iPad Pro 2 release date, specs rumors 2016: Device could be released in 2017; photos of upcoming model leaked by supplier? Clarissa Partosa 20 November 2016 Email Print More Sharing Services Share Tweet Phil Schiller, Senior Vice President of Worldwide Marketing at Apple Inc, speaks about the new iPad Pro during an Apple media event.Reuters/Beck Diefenbach Sponsored Watch Your Favorite Christian Films, 24/7. Click Here To Start Your Free Trial Today A new iPad Pro 2 model is expected to be unveiled by Apple in 2017. Meanwhile, photos of what appears to be the iPad Pro 2 were leaked on the Internet by someone from its supplier. Apple first introduced the iPad Pro with a 12.9-inch screen in the market back in September 2015. By March 2016, an improved version of the iPad Pro was released with a smaller frame of only 9.7 inches. The latter had a lot of positive reviews, which made Apple users anticipate when the next iPad Pro will be released. Macworld reports that an iPad Pro 2 might be released next year. Apple had two events this year showcasing the iPhone 7, Apple Watch Series 2, and MacBook Pro. However, with no mention of the iPad at the events, speculations state that its unveiling will happen at the nearest Apple event next year. Meanwhile, Appleinsider received a pair of photos from an anonymous source that appears to be a new iPad Pro model. The photos have allegedly come from a Chinese supplier working on the iPad Pro who claims that these models have gone into production last September. But there has been no confirmation that the photos and the attached information are true. A market analyst named Ming-Chi Kuo recently tried to predict what Apple will be doing in the market over the years to come. According to Macrumors, Kuo suggests that in terms of the iPad Pro, Apple will be releasing a new model available in three sizes: 12.9-inch, 9.7-inch, and 10.5-inch. He adds that the 9.7-inch iPad Pro will be the low-cost option, equipped with the smallest screen and the least updated processor. Kuo indicated that the 10.5-inch iPad Pro will be the model that will cater to the education and business sectors. "If the iPad comes in a larger size, such as a 10.5-inch model, we believe it will be helpful to bid for tenders within the commercial and education markets. As a result, we expect Apple to launch a 10.5-inch iPad Pro in 2017," said Kuo. The iPad Pro is expected to be released in 2017. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Pin it The Queen Is To Invite Donald Trump To Britain. Time For The Christian Virtue Of The 'Stiff Upper Lip' Former British Football Hooligan Now a Follower of Jesus After Being Brought to Faith By Ex-Gangster Tweet Email More News in Entertainment Israel Houghton Ties the Knot With Adrienne Bailon in Paris; Newlyweds Give Thanks to God Just three months after getting engaged, Gospel singer Israel Houghton and "The Real" host Adrienne Bailon have tied the knot in Paris. 3 Things to Know About Joy-Anna Duggar's New Beau Austin Forsyth Who is Austin Forsyth? Joy-Anna Duggar, the fifth daughter of Jim Bob and Michelle Duggar from "19 Kids and Counting," announced her courtship with long-time friend Austin Forsyth recently by posting a video on the Duggar Family Blog. RECOMMENDED STORIES The Queen Is To Invite Donald Trump To Britain. Time For The Christian Virtue Of The 'Stiff Upper Lip' How Our Troubled Times Give The Church A Chance To Shine The Feast Of Christ The King: Celebrating Jesus' Rightful Position In the Universe Agreeing To Disagree? What We Can Learn From Peter And Paul Five Prophetic Writers From The Past Who Help Us Understand The World in 2016 Why Names Are So Important In The Bible – And So Is Yours Beaming God Into Your Living Room: Nigeria's New Christian Satellite TV Channel What Will Really Help Your Church To Grow? Is It Ever Wrong To Serve In Church? AROUND THE WORLD Former British Football Hooligan Now a Follower of Jesus After Being Brought to Faith By Ex-Gangster Samaritan's Purse Pursues Christmas Drive Despite Opposition from Secular Group Meet The Christians Whose Lives Have Been Transformed By The Bible In The Congo Philippines President Duterte Lashes Out At Western 'Hypocrisy' In Talks With Putin Civilian Casualties In Mosul Are Rising Too Fast To Cope With, Says UN Christians Fighting ISIS on Their Knees, Praying for God to Restore Their Land Desecrated by Jihadists Get the Christian news that matters straight to your inbox! No thanks / I subscribed already Most popular Humanists Want To Ban Christmas Shoebox Gifts To Children Around The World How Christians Can Respond to Trump Shaming 5 Things Husbands Wish Their Wives Know About Them How to Spot the Difference Between Godly Love for Someone and Godless Infatuation Is The Pope A Heretic? Sharia Court Sentences 3 Iranian Christians to 80 Lashes Each for Taking Communion Wine 10 Bible Verses For When Fear Is Getting The Better Of You MORE ON CHRISTIAN TODAY What Is A Story About Rape And Murder Doing In The Bible? 10 Bible Verses For When Fear Is Getting The Better Of You Trump May Soon Be In The White House, But God Is On The Throne 5 Signs That You Have a Healthy Relationship home uk world church society life entertainment comment video gracevine Christian Today home uk world church society life entertainment comment video gracevine Christian Today is a Christian Media Corporation Company Copyright © 2016 Christian Today. All Rights Reserved. About Us Contact Us Advertising Terms & Conditions Edition: Intl UK X
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics CRM ANF Best Investments 2017 Trade of the Day Dependable Dividends Best ETFs More Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > Apple Inc. The Perfect Stock For Uncertain Times (AAPL) AAPL stock is an undervalued giant investors should consider today By , Street Authority  |  Nov 19, 2016, 9:00 am EST     View All   Popular Posts: Apple Inc. The Perfect Stock For Uncertain Times (AAPL) Recent Posts: Apple Inc. The Perfect Stock For Uncertain Times (AAPL) The Hidden Upside In The Coming Mexican Crisis (HPQ, GE, GSK) Trump’s Policies May Mean A Reversal For This Threatened Industry (CXW) View All Posts While most polls got the outcome of the presidential election wrong, one prominent analyst called it exactly right. On Oct. 31, Sam Stovall, chief investment strategist at CFRA, told CNBC that the S&P 500′s 2.2% decline from the end of July through the end of October indicated that Trump should win. Historically, a decline in stock prices over those three months has forecast a win for the candidate from the party that is not in the White House. Stovall noted this indicator was correct in seven of the eight past instances, a win rate of more than 87%. Statistically, you could argue the sample size is too small to be meaningful, but the logic behind the indicator is simple. A rising stock market reflects a public that is most likely happy with the economy. Because they are generally satisfied with the way things are, they vote for more of the same. On the other hand, a declining stock market reflects pessimism. People are either selling or not buying stocks because they’re worried about the future. When they vote, they want a change. This indicator proved to be right once again, and even though we now know Donald Trump will be our next president, there is still plenty of uncertainty about our future. In times of such uncertainty, our best bet is healthy stocks that the market seems to be undervaluing. And that’s exactly the case with Apple Inc. (AAPL). Apple’s products are well known, and the company is widely followed on Wall Street, with 41 of the 48 analysts publishing opinions on the stock rating it a “buy” or better. Yet, AAPL appears to be undervalued on a number of fundamental metrics, most likely because the company’s performance is easy to interpret different ways. When it comes to Apple, bad news and good news are often mixed together. Take this CNET headline about Apple’s recent earnings report for example: “iPhone sales slump. Apple still raking in billions.” The company reported its third successive quarter of declining iPhone sales (bad news), but the 45.5 million iPhones sold in the quarter beat analysts’ estimates of 44.8 million (good news). However, this represented a 13% year-over-year decline (bad news again). The 7 Best Tech Stocks in the World Total revenue for the quarter was $46.9 billion, and the company’s net profit was $9 billion, or $1.67 per share, all of which was down year over year, but still indicative of strong financial health. Analysts expect earnings per share (EPS) of $9.04 for fiscal 2017 (ending in September) and $10.07 for fiscal 2018. Earnings growth is expected to average 8.7% a year over the next five years, which is an attractive growth rate for a stable, mature company in the current environment. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2016/11/the-perfect-stock-for-uncertain-times/. ©2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Best Mutual Funds for 2017 7 A-Rated Healthcare Stocks to Buy Before Trump Takes Office 5 Retail Stocks That May Not Be Around Next Christmas 3 High-Yield Dividend Stocks That Will Stay Strong for Retirement 3 Best Mega-Cap Tech Stocks to Buy on a Dip Will Apple iPhones Be Made in the USA? Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks The 10 Best Mutual Funds to Buy for 2017 7 A-Rated Healthcare Stocks to Buy Before Trump Takes Office 5 Retail Stocks That May Not Be Around Next Christmas 3 High-Yield Dividend Stocks That Will Stay Strong for Retirement The 3 Best Mega-Cap Tech Stocks to Buy on a Dip Most Popular Most Commented 7 A-Rated Healthcare Stocks to Buy Before Trump Takes Office The 10 Best Mutual Funds to Buy for 2017 The 10 Best Growth Stocks to Buy for 2017 3 High-Yield Dividend Stocks That Will Stay Strong for Retirement 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for 2017 S&P 500 Seeing Some Consolidation Dow Jones Continues Charging Ahead 3 Naked Puts to Generate a $1000 in Holiday Cash Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Stock Could Soar on … Google Maps? Trade of the Day: Array BioPharma (NASDAQ:ARRY) Poll of the Day View and vote in our How do you think the U.S. economy will do under Donald Trump's presidency? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Our Paper Paper Archive Our Apps Daily Horoscope Home News Sport Showbiz & TV Life & Style Travel Tech Pics Casino Gaming Reviews Tech News Home Tech Tech News Black Friday 2016 - Carphone Warehouse slashes iPhone 7 price in mega deal Black Friday 2016 - Carphone Warehouse slashes iPhone 7 price in mega deal APPLE iPhone 7 gets new low price in pre Black Friday discount from Carphone Warehouse. By Dave Snelling / Published 18th November 2016 APPLE DEAL: Carphone Warehouse has dropped the price of Apple's iPhone 7 If you're after an iPhone upgrade now might be a good time to invest. Apple's iPhone 7 was unveiled in September and features a new camera, faster processor and new black colour scheme. This new flagship from Cupertino is also fully water resistant and has a much-improved screen. Now, with Black Friday just a week away, Carphone Warehouse has revealed its cutting the price of the popular call maker. In fact, the mobile retailer is boasting that this is the lowest price currently on the market. iPhone 7 Plus review camera test - how good is the Apple's new dual-lens snapper Tuesday, 13th September 2016 DAILY STAR ONLINE has got our hands on Apple's latest iPhone 7 Plus and here's how the new dual-lens performs. 1 / 9 DAILY STAR ONLINE Apple iPhone 7 Plus review camera test So how much will this new deal set you back? Carphone Warehouse has dropped the price of the iPhone 7 to £39.50 per month. This deal includes unlimited calls, unlimited texts and 3GB of data, plus it is available in all colours. There is a £49.99 upfront cost to pay and you do have to sign up to a 24-month contract. You can find the deal here If that still seems a bit pricey Carphone Warehouse also has the older iPhone 5s for £15 per month with no upfront fee. This includes 150 minutes, 5000 texts and 500MB of data. Last year's iPhone 6s is also a cheaper option with a price of £33.49 per month with 1000 minutes, unlimited texts and 2GB of data. Although these deals are good, expect more reductions from other retailers in the coming days. Black Friday begins in a week's time and all of the major high streets shops will be slashing prices across tech, gaming and gadgets. Amazon has already started its Black Friday sales and Argos began its bargains earlier today.  Related articles Black Friday 2016 - Currys cut prices on TVs, laptops, Apple Watch and speakers Charge your smartphone in FIVE MINUTES - new tech means your battery will never run out The Grand Tour release time and what you need to watch Amazon's new motor show Comments Tech News More The Grand Tour - how to watch the entire first season for FREE with this very simple trick THE GRAND TOUR finally hit screens on Friday exclusively on Amazon Prime Video, but here’s how you can tune in for free. Charge your smartphone in FIVE MINUTES - new tech means your b... Top ten toys 2016 - Hatchimals, LEGO and Crazy Cart Shift shou... Google Pixel XL price - cheapest deals to buy this Nougat powe... Hatchimals UK - Track ASDA, Tesco and Argos stock and be the f... Argos Black Friday 2016 deals begin - how to save money on TVs... Black Friday 2016 - Carphone Warehouse slashes iPhone 7 price ... The Grand Tour release time and what you need to watch Amazon'... LEGO opens biggest ever store in the UK and features way to ma... Tech News More Black Friday 2016 - Apple iPhone 7 and Samsung Galaxy S7 getting major price cut BLACK FRIDAY 2016 begins on November 25th and the iPhone 7 and Galaxy S7 could get some huge savings. Use Virgin Media? Major news is coming and you need to put thi... Apple is launching a new product TODAY and it's not what you a... OnePlus 3T price - world's best budget phone just got better b... How to use video calls on WhatsApp - new feature arrives on iP... Black Friday 2016 - Amazon deal offers cheapest way to watch T... Tinder Down – dating app not working for thousands of users ac... Amazon Black Friday deals 2016 - Today's best offers revealed Your secret online porn history could soon be available for ev... Tech News More Samsung Galaxy S8: Samsung's next smartphone could feature this AMAZING design NEXT BIG Galaxy launch from Korea could borrow a key feature from the doomed Galaxy Note 7 to give a major upgrade in screen size. Black Friday 2016 - ultimate guide to Amazon, Tesco, Argos and... Samsung Gear S3: UK price and release date for this great smar... Android Nougat Samsung Galaxy S7 edge - here's how to download it Black Friday 2016 - Argos early sales begin with huge deals on... Hatchimals UK - where and how to buy the hit toy of Christmas... Internet in meltdown as Facebook wrongly declares people DEAD Black Friday 2016 - Argos announces huge week of deals how to ... PS4 Pro price and how much should you spend on the ultimate 4K TV Home Paper Archive Weather Our Paper Sitemap Contact Advertise Site Archive News Latest News Weird News Columnists Daily Star Sunday Journalists Sport Football Rugby League Motorsport Racing Boxing Other Rugby World Cup UFC Showbiz & TV Celebs Hot TV X Factor Strictly I'm A Celebrity Music Movies Britain's Got Talent Big Brother Wired TOWIE Dancing on Ice The Valleys Life & Style Real Life Diet & Fitness Love & Sex Fashion & Beauty Horoscopes Just Jane Cars Competitions FUN Jackpot Millions Our Apps Paper Archive Games Travel Travel News Adventure Beach Family Party Tech Gaming Reviews Tech News Pics Celebrity Galleries Pictures Weird Galleries Sport Galleries Gaming and Tech Galleries NS Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Policy Syndication and Licensing Site By Netro42 Copyright ©2016 Express Newspapers. "Daily Star" is a registered trademark. All rights reserved.
Sections Company Info Arts Connections Food Presented by Identities Money Presented by Music News Policy Science Style Tech Travel World Entrepreneur Sponsored by About UsLearn more about our story and our inspiration behind Mic.CareersWe're hiring! Come join the team and solve important problems.Our TeamLearn more about who we are and what we stand for.HyperHyper is our video magazine for iPad with a clear less-is-more approach.PoliciesProduct BlogContact UsArchive Copyright © Mic Network Inc. All rights reserved. One World Trade Center, 285 Fulton Street 83rd Floor, Suite G, New York, NY 10007 Copyright © Mic Network Inc. All rights reserved. Image Credit: AP Apple recognizes persistant problem with iPhone 6 Plus, will charge users to get it fixed By Aric Suber-Jenkins November 18, 2016 SHARE TWEET PIN Apple has finally recognized a well-documented issue with the iPhone 6 Plus — sort of. The company acknowledged the presence of "Multi-Touch issues," perhaps better known as "touch disease," and wants to help iPhone owners fix it — for the price of $149.  "Apple has determined that some iPhone 6 Plus devices may exhibit display flickering or Multi-Touch issues after being dropped multiple times on a hard surface and then incurring further stress on the device," Apple said on a post on the company's support page.  Most consumers are more interested in linking "touch disease" to the infamous Bendgate, which plagued both iPhone 6 and 6 Plus owners shortly after its launch. BGR reported that several independent technicians associated the defects with a controller chip design flaw in the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. Apple isn't prepared to acknowledge that, though — there's no mention of any liability on the Apple's behalf, and the company won't even make this deal for standard iPhone 6s.  "The repair program covers affected iPhone 6 Plus devices for five years after the first retail sale of the unit," Apple's statement continues. That should grant most 6 Plus owners with three or so years of warranty. Apple added that buyers who already repaired iPhone 6 Plus' suffering from "touch disease" symptoms qualify for reimbursement. "The reimbursement amount will equal the difference between the price you paid for the original service to your iPhone 6 Plus and the $149 service price." Like us on Facebook: SHARE TWEET POST Aric Suber-Jenkins Aric is a writer covering technology. His work has appeared in Newsweek, Maxim and Brooklyn Magazine. He is based in New York and can be reached at aric@mic.com. Follow @aricwithan_a Trending 2 days ago 'Pokémon Sun and Moon' Legendaries: How to catch Lunala, Solgaleo and Cosmog 2 days ago Bruno Mars '24K Magic' Review: A 33-minute catcall set to slick, greasy funk 2 days ago There's now a "national registry" for America's most dangerous population: white men 2 days ago Will Alec Baldwin be on ‘Saturday Night Live’ again? Actor confirms return to show 2 days ago When it comes to first lady style, can Melania Trump compare to Michelle Obama? 2 days ago Trump strategist Steve Bannon hails Satan, Darth Vader and Dick Cheney in new interview 2 days ago Meghan Markle net worth, bio and 6 other facts to know about Prince Harry's girlfriend 2 days ago Loretta Lynch calls spike in hate crimes an "alarming trend" 2 days ago 'Pokémon Sun and Moon' anime release date USA: Episode 1 & 2 with English subs hit YouTube 2 days ago 'Moana' soundtrack on Spotify, iTunes: Here's the track list to the new Disney movie Must Reads Aric Suber-Jenkins How 4chan, a small anime forum, became Donald Trump's most rabid fanbase Taylor Lorenz Months before Vine's demise, its biggest stars plotted their escape Mic Staff Vaping and health: From cancer to weight gain, all your major vape questions, answered Alex Orlov Vine is dead. Here's how to download and save your Vine videos before the funeral. Jack Smith IV Vine is shutting down — here’s what that means for its users Get five stories every day that challenge you to rethink the world. Success! Company About Us Our Team Contact Us Jobs Policies Archive Platform Policy Arts World Music Identities News Science Connections Newsletter You are subscribed to our newsletter! Please check your inbox to confirm. Follow Us Copyright © Mic Network Inc. All rights reserved One World Trade Center, 285 Fulton Street, 83rd Floor, Suite G, New York, NY 10007
× Thank you for reading! Please log in, sign up for a new account and purchase a subscription to continue reading. Sign Up Log In Current Mon-Sun Print Daily Progress   Add digital to current active 7 day print subscription Current Star Exponent Mon-Sun Home Delivery   Add digital to current active 7 day print subscription Current News Virginian Mon-Sun Home Delivery   Add digital to current active 7 day print subscription Auto temp access Auto temp access NV Auto temp access SE No DSI Account Mon-Sun Print + All Access Daily Progress Best Value Get home delivery of the newspaper Monday - Sunday. Plus digital access, which includes unlimited web and mobile web access to DailyProgress.com and our electronic replica edition every day for one low monthly fee. New Subscribers $17.95 $17.95 Mon-Sat Print + All Access Daily Progress Get home delivery of the newspaper Monday – Saturday. Plus digital access with unlimited web and mobile web access to DailyProgress.com and our electronic replica edition every day for one low monthly fee. Only $13.60 after three-month intro period. New Subscribers $11.64 $11.64 Existing Subscribers $13.60 News Virginian Mon-Sun Print + All Access Best Value Get home delivery of the newspaper Monday - Sunday. Plus digital access which includes unlimited web and mobile web access to NewsVirginian.com and our electronic replica edition every day for one low monthly fee. New Subscribers $10.31 $10.31 Star Exponent Mon-Sun Print + All Access Best Value Get home delivery of the newspaper Monday - Sunday. Plus digital access which includes unlimited web and mobile web access to Star Exponent website and our electronic replica edition every day for one low monthly fee. Only $12.16 after three-month intro period. New Subscribers $12.16 $12.16 Thur-Sun Print + All Access Daily Progress Get home delivery of the newspaper Thursday – Sunday. Plus digital access with unlimited web and mobile web access to DailyProgress.com and our electronic replica edition every day for one low monthly fee. Only $17.95 after three-month intro period. New Subscribers $16.14 $16.14 Existing Subscribers $17.95 News Virginian Fri-Sun Print + All Access Get home delivery of the newspaper Friday – Sunday. Plus digital access with unlimited web and mobile web access to NewsVirginian.com and our electronic replica edition every day for one low monthly fee.Only $10.31 after three-month intro period. New Subscribers $9.22 $9.22 Existing Subscribers $10.31 Star Exponent Fri-Sun Print + All Access Get home delivery of the newspaper Friday – Sunday. Plus digital access with unlimited web and mobile web access to Star Exponent website and our electronic replica edition every day for one low monthly fee. Only $12.16 after three-month intro period. New Subscribers $10.93 $10.93 Existing Subscribers $12.16 News Virginian Sunday Print + All Access Get home delivery of the Sunday edition. Plus digital access with unlimited web and mobile web access to NewsVirginian.com and our electronic replica edition every day for one low monthly fee. Only $10.31 after three-month intro period. New Subscribers $7.63 $7.63 Existing Subscribers $10.31 Star Exponent Sunday Print + All Access Get home delivery of the newspaper Sunday. Plus digital access with unlimited web and mobile web access to Star Exponent website and our electronic replica edition every day for one low monthly fee. Only $12.16 after three-month intro period. New Subscribers $11.75 $11.75 Existing Subscribers $12.16 Sunday Print + All Access Daily Progress Get home delivery of the Sunday edition of The Daily Progress. Plus digital access with unlimited web and mobile web access to DailyProgress.com and our electronic replica edition every day for one low monthly fee. Only $14.40 after three-month intro period. New Subscribers $10.44 $10.44 Existing Subscribers $14.40 Digital Only All Access Daily Progress Get digital access with unlimited web and mobile web access to DailyProgress.com, StarExponent.com and NewsVirginian.com, as well as all three electronic replica editions (e-Editions) every day for one low monthly fee. Only $13.95 after three-month intro period. New Subscribers $9.95 $9.95 Existing Subscribers $13.95 News Virginian Digital Only All Access Get digital access with unlimited web and mobile web access to NewsVirginian.com, DailyProgress.com, and StarExponent.com, as well as all three electronic replica editions (e-editions) every day for one low monthly fee.  Only $10.31 after three-month intro period. New Subscribers $9.95 $9.95 Existing Subscribers $10.31 Star Exponent Digital Only All Access Get digital access with unlimited web and mobile web access to StarExponent.com, DailyProgress.com, and NewsVirginian.com, as well as all three electronic replica editions (e-editions) every day for one low monthly fee.  Only $12.16 after three-month intro period. New Subscribers $9.95 $9.95 Existing Subscribers $12.16 × Let's Confirm You're In Our Delivery Area Sorry, this zipcode is not in our deliverable area for this subscription service. Re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access. Get digital access Please confirm you are in our delivery area Zip Code Cancel Confirm The following services are print only and offer no digital access Mon-Sun Print Daily Progress Get home delivery of the newspaper, Monday – Sunday, for one low monthly fee. Print Only $17.95 $17.95 Existing Subscribers $17.95 Star Exponent Mon-Sun Home Delivery Get home delivery of the newspaper Monday – Sunday for one low monthly fee. Print Only $12.16 $12.16 Existing Subscribers $12.16 Mon-Sat Print Daily Progress Get home delivery of the newspaper, Monday – Saturday, for one low monthly fee. Print Only $9.65 $9.65 Existing Subscribers $9.65 News Virginian Mon-Sun Home Delivery Get home delivery of the newspaper Monday – Sunday for one low monthly fee. Print Only $10.31 $10.31 Existing Subscribers $10.31 Star Exponent Fri-Sun Home Delivery Get home delivery of the newspaper Friday – Sunday for one low monthly fee. Print Only $6.98 $6.98 Existing Subscribers $6.98 Thur-Sun Print Daily Progress Get home delivery of the newspaper, Thursday – Sunday, for one low monthly fee. Print Only $14.08 $14.08 Existing Subscribers $14.08 News Virginian Fri-Sun Home Delivery Get home delivery of the newspaper Friday – Sunday for one low monthly fee. Print Only $8.23 $8.23 Existing Subscribers $8.23 Sunday Print Daily Progress Get home delivery of the Sunday print edition for one low monthly fee. Print Only $8.45 $8.45 Existing Subscribers $8.45 News Virginian Sunday Home Delivery Get home delivery of the Sunday edition for one low monthly fee. Print Only $5.64 $5.64 Existing Subscribers $5.64 Star Exponent Sunday Home Delivery Get home delivery of the newspaper Sunday for one low monthly fee. Print Only $5.80 $5.80 Existing Subscribers $5.80 × Let's Confirm You're In Our Delivery Area Sorry, this zipcode is not in our deliverable area for this subscription service. Re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access. Get digital access Please confirm you are in our delivery area Zip Code Cancel Confirm × Let's Confirm You're In Our Delivery Area Sorry, this zipcode is not in our deliverable area for this subscription service. Re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access. Get digital access Please confirm you are in our delivery area Zip Code Cancel Confirm You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Welcome, Guest Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Local Crime Business Politics State National UVa Weather Read the e-Edition Obits Sports Cavalier Insider C'ville Varsity Pulse Arts Contests Food & drink Features Local Movies Music Lifestyles Calendars Generation Us inCrowd Health Outdoors Gardening Celebrations Church directory Yester Years Opinion Editorials Letters to the editor Guest columns The Shape of Central Virginia e-Edition Video Jobs Jobs in Central Virginia Jobs at The Daily Progress Be a Progress carrier Join our team Contact us Contact Progress staff Submit a letter to the editor About us Terms of use Manage your email preferences Subscribe Subscribe to The Daily Progress Get All Access Frequently asked questions Subscribe Manage Subscription Place a classified ad Advertise with us Find Local Legal Announcements Contests Classifieds 46° Charlottesville, VA (22901) Today Partly cloudy. High 48F. Winds WNW at 10 to 20 mph.. Tonight Clear skies. Low 29F. Winds WSW at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: November 20, 2016 @ 11:53 am Full Forecast Toggle navigation Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Search Jobs Jobs in Central Virginia Jobs at The Daily Progress Be a Progress carrier Join our team Contact us Contact Progress staff Submit a letter to the editor About us Terms of use Manage your email preferences Subscribe Subscribe to The Daily Progress Get All Access Frequently asked questions News Local Crime Business Politics State National UVa Weather Read the e-Edition Obits Sports Cavalier Insider C'ville Varsity Pulse Arts Contests Food & drink Features Local Movies Music Lifestyles Calendars Generation Us inCrowd Health Outdoors Gardening Celebrations Church directory Yester Years Opinion Editorials Letters to the editor Guest columns The Shape of Central Virginia e-Edition Video Close Patrick Sison This Wednesday, Nov. 16, 2016 photo shows the Roku Premiere streaming TV device in New York. Your streaming TV options just got better and cheaper. Features that once required a $100 device can now be had for as little as $30. A cheap device is fine for getting TV shows and movies from most popular services onto a big-screen TV, as long as it’s a regular, high-definition set. (AP Photo) Technology: Options abound for streaming TV to fit your needs and budget By ANICK JESDANUN/The Associated Press Nov 18, 2016 (…) Patrick Sison This Wednesday, Nov. 16, 2016 photo shows the Roku Premiere streaming TV device in New York. Your streaming TV options just got better and cheaper. Features that once required a $100 device can now be had for as little as $30. A cheap device is fine for getting TV shows and movies from most popular services onto a big-screen TV, as long as it’s a regular, high-definition set. (AP Photo) NEW YORK — Your streaming TV options have gotten better and cheaper. Features that once required a $100 device can now be had for as little as $30. A cheap device is fine for getting TV shows and movies from most popular services onto a big-screen TV — as long as it’s a regular, high-definition set. Of course, it’s possible to simply watch video on a phone or tablet, but it’s not as satisfying from a living-room couch. Here’s a holiday buying guide for the TV-streamers in your life. Built-in streaming Smart TVs, game consoles and the TiVo digital video recorder all have streaming apps, and if all you watch is Netflix and Hulu, you’ll be fine with those. But apps for individual channels such as The CW and FX won’t work with every device. The exceptions are TVs running Roku software or that have Google’s Chromecast technology built in; they tend to have wider app selections. Getting around Devices vary in how easy it is to access apps and video. While many devices are getting voice features that let you search multiple services at once, you’ll still need to navigate on-screen menus with a remote. The exception is Chromecast, which has no menu or remote at all. Instead, you start video on an iPhone or Android phone and send it to the big screen with a tap of a cast button. With some video services, the phone is freed up for other things, though you’ll need to use the phone as a remote for pausing and rewinding. Devices running Google’s Android TV come with Chromecast features and pack their menus with video from Google’s YouTube service. Amazon’s Fire TV device traditionally has favored Amazon video over others, though that’s changing as Netflix, HBO and other leading services get prominence on the home screen. Roku is the most service-agnostic of the bunch. Apple TV ships with Apple services, but it’s easy to replace those with your favorites. App selection Roku has one of the most complete app libraries, though Apple’s iTunes service is notably missing. You’ll need an Apple TV to access iTunes. Apple TV also has a good app selection, though out of 25 leading services The Associated Press checked, it’s missing direct access to Amazon, Google Play, Vudu and PlayStation Vue. You can get the first three indirectly with a Chromecast-like feature called AirPlay if you have a companion iPhone or other Apple device. Amazon’s Fire TV device is missing iTunes, Google Play, Vudu, ABC, Freeform and the NFL (though some games are shown through Twitter’s app). The selection on Android TV is also limited, but you can supplement that with apps for Chromecast. With an Android phone, you can get all but iTunes, though getting Amazon video is tough, as it requires getting Amazon’s “Underground” app store first. With an iPhone, you’re missing iTunes, Amazon and USA Network, even with AirPlay. If you just have a Chromecast device with an iPhone, you’re also missing Freeform (formerly ABC Family) and CNN. You’ll still need individual subscriptions to these services. The streaming device merely enables playback on the big screen. Entry-level devices Amazon’s Fire TV Stick stands out as a speedy, capable device for $40. It now comes with a voice remote for searches and Alexa assistant queries on weather, sports scores and other information. The Roku Express is cheaper at $30, though there’s no voice remote, and the interface is slower (which doesn’t matter as much once you sit back and watch the video). It’s a great choice considering its wider app selection, notwithstanding the lack of iTunes. Google’s entry-level Chromecast costs $35 — affordable, though the gadget is clunky without its own remote. It’s slightly better with Android than iPhones. Mid-range choices Xiaomi’s Mi Box is a speedy Android TV device with a nice price tag of $69. It supports higher-resolution video known as 4K, an option that once required more expensive devices. But you need a 4K TV and services that offer 4K video — so far, Netflix and YouTube do so for just some of their offerings. Mi Box also supports HDR picture quality. HDR, or high dynamic range, promises brighter whites, darker blacks and a richer range of colors — but you need an HDR TV and HDR video. Google’s new Chromecast Ultra also has 4K and HDR support for $69. Because Mi Box also does Chromecast, you get more overall for the same price. Mi Box also has a voice remote. The Roku Premiere also offers 4K for $80, but its remote lacks voice support. Amazon’s regular Fire TV has 4K and a voice remote for $90. Neither has HDR. For now, HDR sets are rarer than 4K, and even 4K sets aren’t that common. Why pay more? The $100 Roku Premium Plus and the $130 Roku Ultra offer both 4K and HDR. The remote for both also has a headphone jack for listening when everyone else is asleep. The Ultra also has a voice remote, something many cheaper devices offer. That remote also has gaming buttons and emits a sound when you lose it in a couch. For hard-core gamers, consider the $200 Nvidia Shield TV, an Android TV with both 4K and HDR support, plus faster processors for games with intensive graphics. Another premium choice is Apple TV, which starts at $149. You don’t get 4K or HDR, which won’t matter for regular sets. Instead, you get plenty of apps that do more than play video. You can browse Ikea’s catalog, order food from Grubhub and get the AccuWeather forecasts. For video, an upcoming app simply called TV promises to bring together all your viewing from various channels and services. An iPhone isn’t required, but helps. Sorry, no Android. And for iTunes, Apple TV is the only choice. Tags App Video Device Chromecast Ultra Hdr Itunes Iphone loading... Most Popular Articles Articles UVa officers on leave after 'Make America Great Again!' yelled at students Some students, staff want UVa to stop quoting Jefferson in campus communications Pro-Trump student claims his rights were violated at AHS UVa officer who yelled Trump slogan resigns A new — and wet — world for Greene sheriff's investigator Trump protest at Albemarle High turns heated Turner criticizes 'deviousness' in NAACP election One suspect in custody in Fluvanna shooting Local startup gets investments for conservation easements Fraudulent psychic sentenced to 30 months The Latest Philadelphia turning railroad ruins into elevated Rail Park Thousands line tracks as Santa Train makes annual run Colorado Rhodes Scholar to study mass migrations Fire in empty Nashua apartment house under investigation Student from Maryland chosen as Rhodes Scholar for 2017 Sunday crash fatal to 21-year-old Oklahoman Minnesota officials solicit bids for governor's home upgrade Report: 16 percent of low-income kids obese in Alabama Featured Businesses Old Dominion Realty Augusta Office 1750 Jefferson Hwy, Fishersville, VA 22959 540-943-0085 Currently Open Coupons The Waynesboro News Virginian 1300 W Main St, Waynesboro, VA 22980 540-949-8213 German P Culver Jr CPA PC 154 N Main St, Culpeper, VA 22701 540-825-6670 Coupons Jefferson Coin Shop 1718 Seminole Trl, Charlottesville, VA 22901 434-979-2646 Better Homes and Gardens REIII - The Jeff Gaffney Team 500 Faulconer Dr, Charlottesville, VA 22901 434-817-9300 Heppner Family Chiropractic & Wellness 3450 Seminole Trl, Ste 105, Charlottesville, VA 22911 434-974-7955 Events Linda Martin 332 James Madison Hwy, Culpeper, VA 22701 540-270-6062 Currently Open Find a local business Community Calendar ​ ​ Browse Today's events Submit Sections News Cavalier Insider Obituaries Opinion Entertainment Lifestyles Weather Photos Video Services About us Contact us Advertise Subscribe Subscription management Join our team Be a Progress carrier Contribution requests Partners Cavalier Insider The News Virginian Culpeper Star-Exponent Greene County Record Madison County Eagle Orange County Review Rural Virginian Charlottesville Tomorrow Contact dailyprogress.com 685 West Rio Road Charlottesville, VA 22901 Phone: 434-978-7200 Email: news@dailyprogress.com The Daily Progress, Charlottesville, VA © 2016 BH Media Group, Inc. | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Stephen Colbert Show Mocks Jony Ive and his new Design Book that Comes with the Latest Technology Called 'Touch Page' | Main | The Touch Disease Class Action Lawsuit to Continue as the Lead Plaintiff Calls Apple's Latest Offer 'Pitiful' » November 18, 2016 California Builder Creates Community Homes with Slick HomeKit Smart Home Packages Available   Last month Patently Apple posted a report titled "Home Automation: Apple Keeps their Eye on the Prize," wherein we noted Greg Joswiak, Apple's vice president of product marketing stating that "We want to bring home automation to the mainstream, and the best place to start is at the beginning, when a house is just being created." Well that was certainly a humble statement considering that KB Home just unveiled the nation's first HomeKit-enabled community at its Promenade at Communications Hill in San Jose today. KB Home is the first home builder to make a HomeKit smart-home package available to home buyers. Along with its introduction at Promenade at Communications Hill, the Apple HomeKit package will also be available for buyers at KB Home's Magnolia at Patterson Ranch community.   KB's press release states that "A model home showcasing how KB homeowners can simply and securely monitor and control Apple HomeKit-compatible accessories, such as lighting, door locks and other security features, and more, conveniently from their iPhone, iPad or Apple Watch, is now open at Promenade at Communications Hill.   Apple's Home app delivers a simple and secure interface to manage HomeKit-integrated home automation products in one place, allowing homeowners to connect and control their environment whether at home or away. For example, the Home app allows users to set customized scenes, such as "Leaving Home," which could turn off lights, lock the doors, and lower the thermostat.   The three-story floor plans available at Promenade range in size from 2,148 to 2,178 square feet, and can be built with up to five bedrooms, four baths, and a two-car garage. Pricing begins in the low-$900,000s. Below are a few of the KB Home exteriors available to future smart home buyers.     About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.     Posted by Jack Purcher on November 18, 2016 at 04:39 PM in 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts The Touch Disease Class Action Lawsuit to Continue as the Lead Plaintiff Calls Apple's Latest Offer 'Pitiful' California Builder Creates Community Homes with Slick HomeKit Smart Home Packages Available Stephen Colbert Show Mocks Jony Ive and his new Design Book that Comes with the Latest Technology Called 'Touch Page' Apple Files for iOS 10 Trademarks in the UK and Hong Kong Covering iMessages Feature 'Tapback' and more The Patent behind the New Accurate GPS System in Apple Watch Series 2 Surfaces China Warns Tech Companies at World Internet Conference in China that "Nothing outweighs National Security" Apple Hires Wall Street Journal Reporter to become Apple's PR Director in China Samsung's Note 7 Crisis Causes Chaos in Korean Exports, Dropping in Half in October Apple Formally Acknowledges the iPhone 6 Plus 'Touch Disease' Issue and Offers Customers with this Problem Some Relief Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Applications Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight Trader Talk ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Mad Money with Jim Cramer Mad Money Video Full Shows Jim Cramer About Mad Money Disclaimer Cramer's 2 reasons why Trump could save Apple billions Abigail Stevenson | @A_StevensonCNBC Friday, 18 Nov 2016 | 6:36 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters <p>Cramer&#039;s 2 reasons why Trump could save Apple billions</p> <p>Jim Cramer is salivating over the opportunity that a Donald Trump White House could bring Apple.</p> Cramer's 2 reasons why Trump could save Apple billions    Friday, 18 Nov 2016 | 6:15 PM ET | 09:13 Ever since President-Elect Donald Trump won the election, Jim Cramer has spoken with many investors who are confused on what to do with Apple's stock. Going into the election, Apple had a remarkable run. The stock immediately fell to $105 from $111 in the wake of Trump's victory. It has since slowly climbed back up to $110. "People may be confused about what a Trump administration means for Apple, so let me dispel the confusion — the positives far outweigh the negatives," the "Mad Money" host said. Cramer perceives Trump as unpredictable, so he decided to weigh out the potential negatives and positives that his presidency could mean for Apple. Andrew Burton | Getty Images News | Getty Images People stand outside the Apple Store on Fifth Avenue on August 5, 2015 in New York City. The negatives: 1. China. The majority of Apple phones are made in China, and Trump has railed on the Chinese for being unfair trading partners. This could affect iPhones dramatically, especially if Apple decides to make iPhones in the U.S. and the costs double. However, Cramer thinks it is unlikely a trade war will occur. 2. Trump's crackdown on the issuance of skilled worker visas could affect the foreign engineers and programmers in Silicon Valley, Cramer said. "Given that the staunchly anti-immigration Senator Jeff Sessions will be our next Attorney General, I wouldn't be surprised if the administration makes this a priority, but I am less sure about Congress," Cramer said. 3. The personal vendetta. In February, Trump called for a boycott on all Apple products. Cramer wonders what would happen in a similar situation with Trump as president, though he doubts the White House will call for a boycott, especially with bigger issues to worry about. The positives, which Cramer says outweighs the negatives: 1. Trump and the Republican Congress want a lower corporate tax rate. Since Apple's U.S. tax rate is 30.5 percent, this could bring billions in savings. 2. Repatriation of the dollar. Apple has a mountain of cash oversees which it hasn't been able to bring back to the U.S. because it would be hit with a 40 percent tax rate. As of the end of September, Apple had $237 billion in cash and marketable securities, and 91 percent of that was outside the U.S., which amounts to roughly $216 billion, or $40 per share of a $110 stock. If Trump and Congress create a tax holiday to allow American companies to bring cash in tax free, this would be huge positive for Apple and great for the U.S. if Apple reinvests that money or returns it to shareholders via a buyback or special dividend. "I think this tax holiday on the repatriation of foreign earnings is close to being a done deal," Cramer said. Ultimately, Cramer determined that Apple was still a stock to own. He's even salivating over the thought of the foreign cash that could soon be coming back to America. Questions for Cramer? Call Cramer: 1-800-743-CNBC Want to take a deep dive into Cramer's world? Hit him up! Mad Money Twitter - Jim Cramer Twitter - Facebook - Instagram - Vine Questions, comments, suggestions for the "Mad Money" website? madcap@cnbc.com Abigail StevensonDigital Producer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change AAPL --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Cramer's New Book
HOME NEWS WGMD LOCAL NEWS LOWER EASTERN SHORE NEWS HEADLINE NEWS NATIONAL NEWS BUSINESS NEWS WORLD NEWS FOX NEWS OPINION SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY HEALTH NEWS WEATHER & TRAFFIC WEATHER CLOSINGS & DELAYS STORM CENTER TRAFFIC SPORTS BALTIMORE Baltimore Orioles Baltimore Ravens Delmarva Shorebirds WASHINGTON Washington Capitals Washington Nationals Washington Redskins Washington Wizards PHILADELPHIA Philadelphia Eagles Philadelphia Flyers Philadelphia Phillies Philadelphia 76ers Wilmington Blue Rocks COLLEGE OTHER SPORTS NASCAR LISTEN LISTEN LIVE PROGRAM SCHEDULE WGMD SHOWS MIKE BRADLEY BOB STEELE DUKE BROOKS WGMD TV EXTRAS ADMINISTRATION OPENINGS EEO PRIVACY TERMS OF USE CONTACT / PSAs PICTURE OF THE DAY COMMUNITY EVENTS CALENDAR WGMD FLEA MARKET Search WGMD 45 F Rehoboth Beach, DE Sunday, November 20, 2016 LOG IN Welcome! Log into your account Forgot your password? Recover your password HOME NEWS WGMD LOCAL NEWS LOWER EASTERN SHORE NEWS HEADLINE NEWS NATIONAL NEWS BUSINESS NEWS WORLD NEWS FOX NEWS OPINION SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY HEALTH NEWS WEATHER & TRAFFIC WEATHER CLOSINGS & DELAYS STORM CENTER TRAFFIC SPORTS BALTIMORE Baltimore Orioles Baltimore Ravens Delmarva Shorebirds WASHINGTON Washington Capitals Washington Nationals Washington Redskins Washington Wizards PHILADELPHIA Philadelphia Eagles Philadelphia Flyers Philadelphia Phillies Philadelphia 76ers Wilmington Blue Rocks COLLEGE OTHER SPORTS NASCAR LISTEN LISTEN LIVE PROGRAM SCHEDULE WGMD SHOWS MIKE BRADLEY BOB STEELE DUKE BROOKS WGMD TV EXTRAS ADMINISTRATION OPENINGS EEO PRIVACY TERMS OF USE CONTACT / PSAs PICTURE OF THE DAY COMMUNITY EVENTS CALENDAR WGMD FLEA MARKET Home Fox News Fox Business News Another Way Apple, Inc. Is Pursuing Augmented Reality Fox News Fox Business News Another Way Apple, Inc. Is Pursuing Augmented Reality By Evan Niu CFA - November 18, 2016 74 Continue Reading Below Image source: Getty Images. Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) is quite interested in augmented reality (AR). This we know. Furthermore, CEO Tim Cook has made it abundantly clear that the company is far more interested in AR than virtual reality (VR). In Cook’s opinion, AR has much broader potential that can affect mainstream consumers, while VR looks like it could remain a niche for the foreseeable future. The Mac maker is also reportedly toying around with the idea of smart glasses as a way to deliver an AR experience while further expanding into the nascent wearables category. Well, Apple may have another idea up its sleeve. More From Fool.com There’s an app for that Earlier this week, Business Insider reported that Apple is looking to integrate AR technology directly into the iPhone’s camera app, according to an anonymous source. Apple has acqui-hired a good amount of AR talent recently, and these engineers are leading the initiative. Apple wants iPhones to be able to recognize objects in real time, which means that Apple would have to either build or license a database of 3D objects, according to the report. Facial recognition would also be an important function, which would have obvious use cases like recognizing the user for greater personalization or enabling social experiences. Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT BI’s source says that once refined, Apple may look to release the underlying technologies as software development kits (SDKs) for developers to utilize, providing a foundation for further third-party innovation. Two go-to-market strategies are better than one Integrating AR into the iPhone would potentially be a stepping stone as Apple continues evaluating the prospect of smart glasses. Naturally, there would be a lot of overlap in the underlying technology. If Apple develops some useful AR tech for the iPhone, it would presumably be easy to repurpose and repackage that tech into smart glasses with minimal effort. By potentially adopting two different go-to-market strategies, Apple is also hedging its bets and reducing the likelihood of failure and wasted research and development investments. It’s conceivable that there will be room for both — a market for AR-powered smart glasses as well as a market for AR-powered smartphones. Not everyone will want smart glasses, and being able to deliver AR via a smartphone still allows the technology to scale. It’s been done The thing about AR on a smartphone is that it’s been done before. One of the earliest AR apps was released way back in 2009. It was a public transit app that allowed users to lift up their phones and see transit routes and find bus or train stations. Around this same time, Yelp even added an AR feature called Monocle to its app, allowing users to find local businesses through an AR interface. Since then, interest in AR waned as the uses were fairly limited and the novelty wore off. But then Pokemon Go happened, and reinvigorated interest in AR. For instance, Cook and Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster had this exchange on the July earnings call: Tim Cook: In terms of AR and the Pokemon phenomenon, it’s incredible what has happened there. I think it’s a testament to what happens with innovative apps and the whole ecosystem and the power of being a developer being able to press a button, so to speak, and offer their product around the world. And just a certain developer has elected not to go worldwide yet because of the pressure on their servers, et cetera, because of the demand. But I’m sure that they will over time. It also does show, as you point out, that AR can be really great. And we have been and continue to invest a lot in this. We are high on AR for the long run. We think there are great things for customers and a great commercial opportunity. And so we’re investing, and the number one thing is to make sure our products work well with other developers’ products like Pokemon. And so that’s the reason why you see so many iPhones out in the wild right now chasing Pokemons. Gene Munster: Would you say there’s going to be a computing shift to AR longer term? Cook: I notice there are people that want to call it a new computer platform, and we’ll see. I think there’s a tendency in this industry to call everything new the next computer platform. However, that said, I think AR can be huge. So we’ll see whether it’s the next platform. But regardless, it will be huge. It’s likely that the early wave of AR apps was premature, both in terms of technological capability and interest. Now that AR and VR and starting to gain some traction, Apple is placing its bets accordingly. Forget the 2016 Election: 10 stocks we like better than Apple Donald Trump was just elected president, and volatility is up. But here’s why you should ignore the election: Investing geniuses Tom and David Gardner have spent a long time beating the market no matter who’s in the White House. In fact, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.* David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks for investors to buy right now… and Apple wasn’t one of them! That’s right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys. Click here to learn about these picks! *Stock Advisor returns as of November 7, 2016 Evan Niu, CFA owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Yelp. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleWith Walker back, T.J.&#039;s future uncertain Next articleVirginia coach kicks 6-9 transfer Austin Nichols off team Evan Niu CFA RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Q&A: Target's chief merchandising officer Mark Tritton How Will a Trump Presidency Affect Tesla? 7 Facts About Medicare Advantage You Didn't Know How Close Is Facebook to Monetizing Messenger and WhatsApp? What Happens to Utility Stocks in a Trump Administration? Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube HOME NEWS WGMD LOCAL NEWS LOWER EASTERN SHORE NEWS HEADLINE NEWS NATIONAL NEWS BUSINESS NEWS WORLD NEWS FOX NEWS OPINION SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY HEALTH NEWS WEATHER & TRAFFIC WEATHER CLOSINGS & DELAYS STORM CENTER TRAFFIC SPORTS BALTIMORE Baltimore Orioles Baltimore Ravens Delmarva Shorebirds WASHINGTON Washington Capitals Washington Nationals Washington Redskins Washington Wizards PHILADELPHIA Philadelphia Eagles Philadelphia Flyers Philadelphia Phillies Philadelphia 76ers Wilmington Blue Rocks COLLEGE OTHER SPORTS NASCAR LISTEN LISTEN LIVE PROGRAM SCHEDULE WGMD SHOWS MIKE BRADLEY BOB STEELE DUKE BROOKS WGMD TV EXTRAS ADMINISTRATION OPENINGS EEO PRIVACY TERMS OF USE CONTACT / PSAs PICTURE OF THE DAY COMMUNITY EVENTS CALENDAR WGMD FLEA MARKET © Resort Broadcasting Company, LLC 2016 - Designed and Managed by DATATECH DIGITAL in association with OXLEY EVERYTHING WEB
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Another Way Apple, Inc. Is Pursuing Augmented Reality Your iPhone might soon be able to deliver augmented reality experiences. Evan Niu (TMFNewCow) Nov 18, 2016 at 6:04PM Image source: Getty Images. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is quite interested in augmented reality (AR). This we know. Furthermore, CEO Tim Cook has made it abundantly clear that the company is far more interested in AR than virtual reality (VR). In Cook's opinion, AR has much broader potential that can affect mainstream consumers, while VR looks like it could remain a niche for the foreseeable future. The Mac maker is also reportedly toying around with the idea of smart glasses as a way to deliver an AR experience while further expanding into the nascent wearables category. Well, Apple may have another idea up its sleeve. There's an app for that Earlier this week, Business Insider reported that Apple is looking to integrate AR technology directly into the iPhone's camera app, according to an anonymous source. Apple has acqui-hired a good amount of AR talent recently, and these engineers are leading the initiative. Apple wants iPhones to be able to recognize objects in real time, which means that Apple would have to either build or license a database of 3D objects, according to the report. Facial recognition would also be an important function, which would have obvious use cases like recognizing the user for greater personalization or enabling social experiences. BI's source says that once refined, Apple may look to release the underlying technologies as software development kits (SDKs) for developers to utilize, providing a foundation for further third-party innovation. Two go-to-market strategies are better than one Integrating AR into the iPhone would potentially be a stepping stone as Apple continues evaluating the prospect of smart glasses. Naturally, there would be a lot of overlap in the underlying technology. If Apple develops some useful AR tech for the iPhone, it would presumably be easy to repurpose and repackage that tech into smart glasses with minimal effort. By potentially adopting two different go-to-market strategies, Apple is also hedging its bets and reducing the likelihood of failure and wasted research and development investments. It's conceivable that there will be room for both -- a market for AR-powered smart glasses as well as a market for AR-powered smartphones. Not everyone will want smart glasses, and being able to deliver AR via a smartphone still allows the technology to scale. It's been done The thing about AR on a smartphone is that it's been done before. One of the earliest AR apps was released way back in 2009. It was a public transit app that allowed users to lift up their phones and see transit routes and find bus or train stations. Around this same time, Yelp even added an AR feature called Monocle to its app, allowing users to find local businesses through an AR interface. Since then, interest in AR waned as the uses were fairly limited and the novelty wore off. But then Pokemon Go happened, and reinvigorated interest in AR. For instance, Cook and Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster had this exchange on the July earnings call: Tim Cook: In terms of AR and the Pokemon phenomenon, it's incredible what has happened there. I think it's a testament to what happens with innovative apps and the whole ecosystem and the power of being a developer being able to press a button, so to speak, and offer their product around the world. And just a certain developer has elected not to go worldwide yet because of the pressure on their servers, et cetera, because of the demand. But I'm sure that they will over time. It also does show, as you point out, that AR can be really great. And we have been and continue to invest a lot in this. We are high on AR for the long run. We think there are great things for customers and a great commercial opportunity. And so we're investing, and the number one thing is to make sure our products work well with other developers' products like Pokemon. And so that's the reason why you see so many iPhones out in the wild right now chasing Pokemons. Gene Munster: Would you say there's going to be a computing shift to AR longer term? Cook: I notice there are people that want to call it a new computer platform, and we'll see. I think there's a tendency in this industry to call everything new the next computer platform. However, that said, I think AR can be huge. So we'll see whether it's the next platform. But regardless, it will be huge. It's likely that the early wave of AR apps was premature, both in terms of technological capability and interest. Now that AR and VR and starting to gain some traction, Apple is placing its bets accordingly. Evan Niu, CFA owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Yelp. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Evan Niu (TMFNewCow) Evan is a Senior Technology Specialist at The Motley Fool. He was previously a Senior Trading Specialist at a major discount broker, and worked briefly at Tesla Motors. Evan graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, and is a CFA charterholder. Follow @TMFNewCow Article Info Nov 18, 2016 at 6:04PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $110.06 up $0.11 (0.10%) Read More Apple Might Introduce OLED iPhones Earlier Than Expected Apple Inc. May Be Using This New Tech in iPhone 8 This Threat to Intel Corporation Probably Isn't Real Better Buy: Microsoft Corporation vs. Apple Inc. Why Apple Inc.'s "Modem Gate" Doesn’t Matter Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Trending Topics Writers Podcasts Events more Trending Topics Commerce Drones Enterprise Media Mobile Reviews Social Transportation Voices Writers Kara Swisher Dan Frommer Peter Kafka Edmund Lee Walt Mossberg Johana Bhuiyan Jason Del Rey Ina Fried April Glaser Eric Johnson Kurt Wagner Podcasts Events ✕ Apple iPhone Yes, Apple is limiting some iPhone 7 download speeds. But you probably won't notice. This isn’t another Antennagate. by Ina Fried Nov 18, 2016, 6:17pm EST tweet share Linkedin Photo by Spencer Platt/Getty Images A mini firestorm erupted today over a report that Apple was purposely limiting the performance of the modem chip in the iPhone 7. Bloomberg reported that Apple was intentionally throttling the performance of the Qualcomm modem chip inside some versions of the iPhone 7, in order to make it more similar to the Intel chip it was using in some other versions of the phone. That’s true, at least according to sources I talked to. Apple supposedly did this for a simple reason: It wanted the cost savings and flexibility of having two chip sources but also wanted the different versions of the phone to be as similar as possible (to avoid angering AT&T and T-Mobile and their customers in the U.S., for example). The result is that the modem in the Verizon/Sprint version of the phone, while just as good and perhaps a bit better than the one in the AT&T/T-Mobile version, is technically not fully living up to its potential. The real, and harder, question is just how big of a deal this is. The short answer is that it probably results in some loss of download speed, but in the context of other variables like network quality, signal strength and specific phone activity, it is hard to isolate in real usage. A more complete explanation requires getting into the weeds and trying to answer a theoretical-but-difficult question: What would the performance of an iPhone 7 be if it used the full potential of the Qualcomm chip? We don’t know because one doesn’t exist. Since we can’t answer that, we have to look at the question a couple of other ways. One can compare an iPhone 7 with a Qualcomm X12 modem to one with an Intel XMM 3360 chip. Bloomberg did that, in conjunction with some analyst firms, and found that the Qualcomm chip still slightly outperformed Intel. But this only tells us that Apple was able to mostly level the playing field, not how uneven it was to begin with. One can also look at how a phone with an unhobbled Qualcomm chip performs and compare that to the Qualcomm-powered iPhone, but that introduces all sorts of other variables as well. For their parts, Intel and Qualcomm both declined comment. Apple, repeating the statement it made to Bloomberg, said that “every iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus meets or exceeds all of Apple's wireless performance standards, quality metrics, and reliability testing.” “In all of our rigorous lab tests based on wireless industry standards, in thousands of hours of real-world field testing, and in extensive carrier partner testing, the data shows there is no discernible difference in the wireless performance of any of the models,” Apple said. But, of course, that just means Apple did its intended job of limiting the Qualcomm chip in such a way that it performs similarly to the Intel one. That answer sheds no light on how fast the Qualcomm iPhone 7 would be absent such limitations. It’s also worth noting that it is not unheard of for companies to have two component sources, creating some performance differences. With the iPhone 6S, for example, Apple had some of its processors made by Samsung’s manufacturing plants and others by Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. The result was not an enormous performance disparity, but some users noticed enough of a difference, especially in battery life, to raise the issue. Nor is it unheard of for product makers to limit some features in order to make the performance of a device consistent regardless of component differences, as Apple appears to have done here. That said, Apple is clearly valuing its own cost savings and supply chain flexibility over peak performance. Had it wanted the greatest speed and compatibility, it could have just used Qualcomm’s chip across all the models. Having made the decision to use Intel modems for some phones and Qualcomm for others, analysts say, Apple was probably wise not to allow one model to have a significant advantage. “Apple chose to use different modems for leverage and redundancy, and carriers had no real say in that,” Jackdaw Research analyst Jan Dawson told Recode. “So it would be a little unfair if Apple allowed, say, Verizon and Sprint to say that their iPhone performs better than AT&T and T-Mobile’s.” Dawson added that device makers often choose not to use all the potential features of a component, and do so for a variety of reasons. “The reality is, of course, that every phone maker makes decisions about how to balance battery life and performance across a variety of components, and so you rarely see a phone that’s maxed out on all possible performance parameters because it would be terrible for battery life,” he said. recode_divider More From Recode Here’s what it’s like to ride in a self-driving Tesla Full transcript: Smosh and ScreenJunkies boss Keith Richman on Recode Media Here’s why Twitter turned down a Donald Trump advertising campaign Amazon is tweaking Donald Trump with a new Prime ad promoting religious tolerance Trump demands the cast of 'Hamilton' apologize for 'harassing' Mike Pence Full transcript: ‘Mr. Robot’ creator Sam Esmail on Recode Decode Trending Here’s what companies like Google, Facebook and Apple lost when Trump’s win killed the Trans-Pacific Partnership Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey says a white-supremacy ad the company showed users was a ‘mistake’ Here’s the secret to Starry Internet’s plan to beam the internet to your house and break up the broadband monopoly Full transcript: ‘Mr. Robot’ creator Sam Esmail on Recode Decode LinkedIn’s CEO says more than five million jobs will be lost to new tech by 2020 More in Trending Newsletters Recode Daily Top stories of the day. Recode Event Updates Our signature events sell out quickly. Be amongst the first to know. Recode Product Updates Special series, exclusive interviews and new features. This Article has a component height of 21. The sidebar size is long. The Latest Tesla Transportation Video Here’s what it’s like to ride in a self-driving Tesla by Kurt Wagner The future, everybody. Podcasts Media YouTube Full transcript: Smosh and ScreenJunkies boss Keith Richman on Recode Media by Recode Staff Defy Media’s president has made a bunch of people internet famous. Now he wants to make them just plain famous. Social Twitter Advertising Here’s why Twitter turned down a Donald Trump advertising campaign by Kurt Wagner Twitter didn’t want people to think it was sponsoring anti-Hillary ads. Media Amazon Advertising Amazon is tweaking Donald Trump with a new Prime ad promoting religious tolerance by Kurt Wagner It’s a not-so-subtle dig at Trump and his not-so-open-minded cabinet appointees. Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Masthead Sponsorships Podcasts Newsletters All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Change Country United States United Kingdom Germany Featured Sections Video Fashion Beauty Living Health Entertainment Tech News Holiday Follow Us Video The Skinny Sh*tty Boyfriends Behind The Seams Style Out There The Walker Shatterbox Anthology All R29 Series Fashion Styling Tips Designers Street Style Trends Celebs & Influencers College Shopping Boutiques Beauty Hair Nails Makeup Skin Care Fragrance Celebs & Influencers Beauty Prep School Living Travel Home Food & Drinks Work & Money Weddings Health Trends Diet & Nutrition Fitness Sex Spirit Entertainment News TV Movies Books & Art Music Pop Culture Red Carpet Tech News Vote Your Values Election 2016 Culture People U.S. News World News Holiday Gift Curator Gift Guides Follow @refinery29 Refinery29 uk de Now Reading Apple's Holiday Gift Is Hilariously Received Colbert Makes Fun Of Apple's New Holiday Gift In The Most Apple Way Madeline Buxton November 18, 2016, 11:20 PM Earlier this week, Apple dropped a new product in a very un-Apple way. The release wasn't preceded by months of speculation online and there was no big press conference to announce its arrival. There was just a lone press release touting what is (likely) the company's last product announcement of 2016 (unless we do see AirPods before the year is out). The lack of fanfare is due to the fact that unlike Apple's other major releases this year, this one is (drumroll please)...a book. No, not another new MacBook Pro. Just, a book. Photo: Courtesy Apple. Advertisement Designed by Apple in California is the coffee-table book that every major Apple-obsessed buyer will be getting for Christmas this year. It is big, white, and contains 450 photographs of Apple products through the ages. It is a beautiful, nostalgic look at the technology of yore, but the $199 and $299 price tags (depending on if you buy the small or large size) are hard to swallow. Especially when you consider that for a few hundred dollars more, you could get the new iPhone 7. Many have joked about the release, but none have done it quite so elegantly and in such spot-on Apple fashion as Stephen Colbert. The spoof, which mimics Apple ads that have appeared at the company's launch events, talks about the book's "touch-page technology" and "no headphone jack design," which combine to make it "the most advanced book" Apple has ever made. Watch the full clip below for some weekend cheer. Advertisement Holiday • Living • News • Tech More from Tech Apple Says Touch Disease Is Real & This Is What You Can Do If You've Got It Tech Sara Murphy 20 hours ago Update: Mark Zuckerberg Details Facebook's Plan To End Fake News Tech Tanya Edwards 23 hours ago 16 Dating App Hacks Every Right & Left Swiper Should Know Tech Bianca Heyward Nov 18, 2016 These Women Are Dispelling "Women In Tech" Stereotypes Tech Christina Bonnington Sep 16, 2016 Never Send A Drunk Text Again Tech Christina Bonnington Nov 18, 2016 17 Amazing Tricks Only Netflix Pros Know Tech Kelly Schwarze Nov 18, 2016 BRB, Crying From These Hilarious Amazon Reviews Tech Molly Horan Nov 18, 2016 Here's The Country With The Most Selfie Deaths Tech Michael Hafford Nov 18, 2016 15 Amazon Buys That Will Help You Survive Thanksgiving Tech Madeline Buxton Nov 17, 2016 A Fake News Writer Says His Articles Helped Trump Win Tech Madeline Buxton Nov 17, 2016 Why I Finally Decided To Unfollow My Ex Tech Naveen Kumar Nov 17, 2016 An Open Letter To Everyone I Plan To Unfriend Today Tech Madeline Buxton Nov 17, 2016 14 Apps That Will Make Your Instagram Photos Look So Much Better Tech Madeline Buxton Nov 16, 2016 The Best Hacks For Finding A Cheap Flight Tech Christina Bonnington Nov 16, 2016 © 2016 Refinery29 Terms Privacy About Press Advertising Jobs Feedback R29 News Site Map RSS By using our service, you agree to our Terms (effective 5/13/2015) and Privacy (effective 8/23/2016). REFINERY29 name & logo and R29 logo are trademarks of Refinery 29 Inc.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Another Way Apple, Inc. Is Pursuing Augmented Reality Your iPhone might soon be able to deliver augmented reality experiences. Evan Niu (TMFNewCow) Nov 18, 2016 at 6:04PM Image source: Getty Images. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is quite interested in augmented reality (AR). This we know. Furthermore, CEO Tim Cook has made it abundantly clear that the company is far more interested in AR than virtual reality (VR). In Cook's opinion, AR has much broader potential that can affect mainstream consumers, while VR looks like it could remain a niche for the foreseeable future. The Mac maker is also reportedly toying around with the idea of smart glasses as a way to deliver an AR experience while further expanding into the nascent wearables category. Well, Apple may have another idea up its sleeve. There's an app for that Earlier this week, Business Insider reported that Apple is looking to integrate AR technology directly into the iPhone's camera app, according to an anonymous source. Apple has acqui-hired a good amount of AR talent recently, and these engineers are leading the initiative. Apple wants iPhones to be able to recognize objects in real time, which means that Apple would have to either build or license a database of 3D objects, according to the report. Facial recognition would also be an important function, which would have obvious use cases like recognizing the user for greater personalization or enabling social experiences. BI's source says that once refined, Apple may look to release the underlying technologies as software development kits (SDKs) for developers to utilize, providing a foundation for further third-party innovation. Two go-to-market strategies are better than one Integrating AR into the iPhone would potentially be a stepping stone as Apple continues evaluating the prospect of smart glasses. Naturally, there would be a lot of overlap in the underlying technology. If Apple develops some useful AR tech for the iPhone, it would presumably be easy to repurpose and repackage that tech into smart glasses with minimal effort. By potentially adopting two different go-to-market strategies, Apple is also hedging its bets and reducing the likelihood of failure and wasted research and development investments. It's conceivable that there will be room for both -- a market for AR-powered smart glasses as well as a market for AR-powered smartphones. Not everyone will want smart glasses, and being able to deliver AR via a smartphone still allows the technology to scale. It's been done The thing about AR on a smartphone is that it's been done before. One of the earliest AR apps was released way back in 2009. It was a public transit app that allowed users to lift up their phones and see transit routes and find bus or train stations. Around this same time, Yelp even added an AR feature called Monocle to its app, allowing users to find local businesses through an AR interface. Since then, interest in AR waned as the uses were fairly limited and the novelty wore off. But then Pokemon Go happened, and reinvigorated interest in AR. For instance, Cook and Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster had this exchange on the July earnings call: Tim Cook: In terms of AR and the Pokemon phenomenon, it's incredible what has happened there. I think it's a testament to what happens with innovative apps and the whole ecosystem and the power of being a developer being able to press a button, so to speak, and offer their product around the world. And just a certain developer has elected not to go worldwide yet because of the pressure on their servers, et cetera, because of the demand. But I'm sure that they will over time. It also does show, as you point out, that AR can be really great. And we have been and continue to invest a lot in this. We are high on AR for the long run. We think there are great things for customers and a great commercial opportunity. And so we're investing, and the number one thing is to make sure our products work well with other developers' products like Pokemon. And so that's the reason why you see so many iPhones out in the wild right now chasing Pokemons. Gene Munster: Would you say there's going to be a computing shift to AR longer term? Cook: I notice there are people that want to call it a new computer platform, and we'll see. I think there's a tendency in this industry to call everything new the next computer platform. However, that said, I think AR can be huge. So we'll see whether it's the next platform. But regardless, it will be huge. It's likely that the early wave of AR apps was premature, both in terms of technological capability and interest. Now that AR and VR and starting to gain some traction, Apple is placing its bets accordingly. Evan Niu, CFA owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Yelp. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Evan Niu (TMFNewCow) Evan is a Senior Technology Specialist at The Motley Fool. He was previously a Senior Trading Specialist at a major discount broker, and worked briefly at Tesla Motors. Evan graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, and is a CFA charterholder. Follow @TMFNewCow Article Info Nov 18, 2016 at 6:04PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $110.06 up $0.11 (0.10%) Read More Apple Might Introduce OLED iPhones Earlier Than Expected Apple Inc. May Be Using This New Tech in iPhone 8 This Threat to Intel Corporation Probably Isn't Real Better Buy: Microsoft Corporation vs. Apple Inc. Why Apple Inc.'s "Modem Gate" Doesn’t Matter Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
   Uh oh, looks like there is a problem. It appears your ad blocker is affecting our functionality. To continue reading, simply turn it off and refresh the page. E-Edition Stepsaver/Observers Citizens News Photo Reprints Contests Employment Dining About Us Advertising Newsroom History Forms Employment Privacy Terms of Use Contact Us Subscriptions Letters to the Editor Editorial and Opinion News Article News Tip Sports Department Website Issues Subscribe Activate Access Home Delivery Subscription Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Top Stories Advanced Search Calendar Weather Webcam Photo Reprints Lottery Contests Traffic Email Updates Wheels News Elections Local Election National Election Candidate Profiles Business Connecticut Local Morning 5 National New England Offbeat Today in History World Records Courts Inspections Police Bus Routes Sports The Zone UConn College Local sports MLB NBA NFL NHL Pro Sports Entertainment Arts Best Bets Movies Music Nightlife People Theater TV Lifestyle Horoscope Family Food Health Outdoors Technology Travel Tide Charts Social Moments Announcements Anniversaries Births Engagements Marriages Obits Opinion Editorials Syndicated Columnists Commentary Letters Your Page Columns Active Outdoors Beer Snob CT-Music Living Here Matter Of Laugh And Death Nature Off Stage Ride CT Sunday Reflections Blogs Gardening Off The Record Throwback Thursday Time Out What’s for Dinner Marketplace Place Ad Jobs Open Houses Legal Ads Dining Guide Coupons Newspaper Ads Special Sections Classifieds Announcements Employment Merchandise Pets & Animals Real Estate for Rent Real Estate for Sale Transportation – Autos Rec Vehicles Services Investment Jim Rossman: A cloud can bring a ray of sunshine later with the right clicks now November 18, 2016 - Business - Tagged: Social media - no comments By Jim Rossman TRIBUNE NEWS SERVICE A man using a cell phone at an office desk by a wooden table. (Dreamstime/TNS) I got a call from my mother-in-law last week. Her iPhone had apparently updated its operating system and now the phone wanted a passcode before it would do anything. One problem: Nobody knew the passcode. Heck, nobody even remembered setting up a passcode. When I got my hands on the phone a few days later, I tried a passcode that I would have used if I had set it up. No dice. In fact, once I put in wrong passcodes enough times, the iPhone made me wait 60 minutes to try again. (There’s a separate security setting to wipe an iPhone after 10 failed passcode attempts. Luckily she didn’t have that enabled.) It was during one of those hourlong waits that I googled “iPhone passcode locked” and found some Apple instructions to wipe the phone and restore the newest software on it. Luckily I had a computer with iTunes, and we knew the Apple ID and password for the account on the phone. The restore went fine, but now I was going to have to re-enter all my mother-in-law’s phone numbers. Oh, well. I had some time, so I got a cold drink and sat down to do an hour’s worth of serious thumb typing. My mother-in-law doesn’t have a computer. She pretty much sticks to Facebook on an iPad and her iPhone. When I entered her Apple ID during the initial setup, a wonderful thing happened – her contacts reappeared. Yes, I’d forgotten that when we set up her iPhone last year, we turned on iCloud backup, which synced all her contacts to Apple’s iCloud server. So when I signed her in with the same Apple ID, the contacts were there. Lesson learned. Please set your iPhone or Android phone to back up to the cloud. Both operating systems should ask you during setup if you’d like to back up to the cloud. If you’d like to check your settings, on the iPhone, go to Settings, then iCloud, then Backup and make sure iCloud Backup is on. On Android, go to Settings, then Backup and Reset, and make sure Back Up My Data and Automatic Restore are checked and make sure your backup account is specified. Do this and you’ll save yourself some time the next time you have to configure a new phone or wipe your old one to start over. Share this: Email Print Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Pinterest Reddit More Skype LinkedIn Pocket Tumblr Telegram Related Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. More articles from Business Fido getting fat? Now there’s a Fitbit for pets Smart go-karts next venture for iPod father Tony Fadell Fiat Chrysler recalls vehicles for fuel leak, wiper problems EARNINGS REPORT Drone startup Zipline raises $25 million to expand on-demand blood deliveries (NOT INCLUDED IN YOUR TRIBUNE NEWS SERVICE SUBSCRIPTION. See purchase information below.) (PHOTO) Gadgets: It’s all about the sound Betkoski takes national VP post In job growth, blue states outpaced red states in past year What the rich are doing now to reap Trump’s tax bonanza Investors take stock of a Trumped-up market Buyer Beware: Some steps to help you find a cheap used car Toadstool footstools: Are organisms manufacturing’s future? Small retailers strategize with hope of successful holidays jobs, cutting costs after scandal Recalls this week: children’s shoes, clutches FuelCell Energy to partner in carbon-capture study Electric vehicle rebate program gets more funding JPMorgan Chase to pay $264 million in Chinese bribery case Applications for US unemployment aid fall to 43-year low Average US 30-year mortgage rate jumps to 3.94 percent Ex-Valeant, Philidor execs charged with fraud, conspiracy Economists: Northwest CT manufacturers challenged by aging workforce Higher gas prices push US consumer inflation up 0.4 percent EARNINGS REPORT Applications for US unemployment aid fall to 43-year low US home construction jumps by largest amount in 34 years Carmax bringing deals Facebook apologizes for latest metrics errors Boeing to cut some jobs, move others, in efficiency effort After election rupture, CEOs seek unity for staff, customers Latest News Can it get much worse for UConn football? 1 hour ago Updated: Wrong-way driver causes late-night crash on Route 8 3 hours ago Sold for sex (Part I) 13 hours ago True acts of kindness 13 hours ago Triumph of human spirit 13 hours ago CategoriesCategories Select Category _Posts Announcements    Anniversaries    Births    Engagements    Marriages    Reunions Blogs    City Beat    Gardening    Off The Record    Picken’ on Life    Throwback Thursday    Time Out    What’s for Dinner Campership Cartoon Columns    Active Outdoors    Beer Snob    CT-Music    Living Here    Matter Of Laugh And Death    Nature    Off Stage    Ride CT    Sunday Reflections Community Connecticut Open Entertainment    Arts    Best Bets    Entertainment Videos    Movies    Music    Nightlife    People    Theater    TV Featured Gallery    Auto Racing Photo Gallery    College Sports    Graduations    Local Sports Photos    News Gallery    NFL Photo Gallery    Social Moments    Top Sports Horoscope Lifestyle    Family    Food    Health    Lifestyle Videos    Outdoors    Technology    Travel    wheels News    Bus Routes    Business    Connecticut    Elections       Candidate Profiles       Election Videos       Local Election       National Election          US Senate and House       State Elections    Local    Morning 5    National    New England    News Videos    Offbeat    Today in History    World Obituaries Opinion    Commentary    Editorials    Letters    Syndicated Columnists    Worth Reading    Your Page Records    Courts    Inspections    Police Special    Honor rolls Sports    Athlete of the Week    Auto Racing    College    Fantasy football    Goalzone    Golf    High School    Hoopzone    Latest on The Zone    Local Sports       Local Sports Videos    MLB    NBA    NFL    NHL    Olympics    Pro Sports    Redzone    Soccer    Sports featured    Sports Gallery    Sports Videos    Strikezone    Sunday Six    The Zone test    UConn       Football       Men’s Basketball       UConn video       Women’s Basketball Top 25 football poll Top Stories Valedictorians    Valedictorians 2014    Valedictorians 2016 Videos Polls Which type of turkey do you prefer for Thanksgiving? Fresh Frozen I don't eat turkey on Thanksgiving View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive Reader Comments yunga7 on It’s up to towns, cities to deflect Trump’s damage yunga7 on Sold for sex (Part I) allphie on Tax breaks due for more scrutiny daveccp1 on It’s up to towns, cities to deflect Trump’s damage allphie on Wal-Mart Superstore planned on East Main St. in Waterbury Towns Barkhamsted Beacon Falls Bethlehem Bridgewater Burlington Canaan Cheshire Colebrook Cornwall Falls Village Goshen Harwinton Kent Litchfield Middlebury Morris Naugatuck New Hartford Norfolk Oxford Plymouth Prospect Roxbury Salisbury Seymour Sharon Southbury Thomaston Torrington Warren Waterbury Watertown Winsted Wolcott Woodbury Lottery Powerball for 11/19/2016 16-24-28-43-61 PB-21Next Drawing: Wed. Nov. 23Next Jackpot: $359.0 Million; Est. Cash Value: $219.6 Mega Millions for 11/18/2016 31-32-49-55-58 MB-15 MP-5Next Drawing: Tue. Nov. 22Next Jackpot: $15.0 Million; Est. Cash Value: $9.1 Lotto! for 11/18/2016 16-19-24-33-34-39Next Drawing: Tue. Nov. 22Next Jackpot: $1.4 Million; Est. Cash Value: $1,140,000 Lucky for Life for 11/17/2016 09-12-19-22-33 LB-16Next Drawing: Mon. Nov. 21 Cash5 for 11/19/2016 01-05-07-13-16 Upcoming Events Nov 20 Sun 10:00 am Craft Fair and Bake Sale @ Naugatuck Elks No. 967 Hall Craft Fair and Bake Sale @ Naugatuck Elks No. 967 Hall Nov 20 @ 10:00 am – 3:00 pm The Naugatuck Elks Lodge No. 967 and the Emblem Club 160 will sponsor a craft fair and bake sale Sunday, Nov. 20, from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. at the elks lodge, 758 Rubber Ave. Vendor space is available at... 10:00 am Train Show @ Cheshire High School Train Show @ Cheshire High School Nov 20 @ 10:00 am – 3:00 pm The Cheshire High School Ram Band will sponsor an annual train show open to the public on Sunday, Nov. 20, from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. at the school, 525 South Main St. There will be model train layouts, railroad... 11:00 am Artisan Marketplace @ Flanders Nature Center and Land Trust Artisan Marketplace @ Flanders Nature Center and Land Trust Nov 20 @ 11:00 am – 4:00 pm The annual Artisan Marketplace is operating Saturdays and Sundays for the holiday season from 11 a.m. to 4 p.m., through Dec. 18, at the Van Vleck house at Flanders Nature Center, 5 Church Hill Road in Woodbury. The marketplace features... 12:00 pm ‘Friends of Fire’ @ The Hotchkiss School ‘Friends of Fire’ @ The Hotchkiss School Nov 20 @ 12:00 pm – 4:00 pm A new exhibition “Friends of Fire: Ceramic Art by Delores Coan and Hotchkiss Alumni” is running daily through Sunday, Dec. 4, at the Tremaine Art Gallery at The Hotchkiss School, 11 Interlaken Road, Lakeville. The exhibit features work by Coan,... 1:00 pm Observatory Talk and Rededication @ White Memorial Conservation Center Museum Observatory Talk and Rededication @ White Memorial Conservation Center Museum Nov 20 @ 1:00 pm The Litchfield Hills Amateur Astronomy Club and Mattatuck Astronomical Society will rededicate the Hoffleit Observatory at White Memorial, 80 Whitehall Road, on Sunday, Nov. 20. Dr. Kristine Larsen, professor of physics and astronomy at Central Connecticut State University, will give... View Calendar Add Add to Timely Calendar Add to Google Add to Outlook Add to Apple Calendar Add to other calendar Export to XML Featured Ads WATERBURY/WOLCOTT LINE WATERBURY/WOLCOTT LINE 2br $800 utilities not included. No pets. Call 860-601-1282 Sales ADVERTISING ACCOUNT EXECUTIVE POSITION DESCRIPTION: This full-time entry level position is responsible for developing and selling our complete compliment of products including print, digital, contests and promotions; providing information to advertisers in a consultative manner; creating effective, professional sales presentations; and creating strong relationships with clients and the local community. QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED: Strong knowledge of […] Reader Photos - Post your photo Groot in CT AT the CT Rennasaince Fair ... My car this is my car ... Forest Fairy A Forest Fairy ... Featured Ads Featured Coupons Sign up for Email Updates Email Updates Top Stories Town News Lifestyle News Daily News Update Entertainment News The Zone Meta Register Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Republican American 389 Meadow St Waterbury CT 06712 203 574-3636 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Trending: Video: Our holiday gift guide 2016 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Video: New MacBook Pro show-and-tell Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. 7 reasons cloud migrations fail (free online course) What IT admins love/hate about 8 top network monitoring tools SharePoint 2013 cheat sheet IT users review 6 software test management tools More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Gamification Home Tech Location-Based Services Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) Business Process Management (BPM) CRM Collaboration Content/Document Management Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software Integration Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home IT Management IT Industry News With choice for CIA chief, Trump picks a foe of Silicon Valley's encryption stance Mike Pompeo has also defended the NSA's vast surveillance work By Martyn Williams | Follow Senior U.S. Correspondent, IDG News Service | Nov 18, 2016 1:07 PM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Congressman Mike Pompeo speaks to Army Reserve Soldiers in Wichita, Kansas, on Feb. 21, 2016. Credit: Debrah Sanders/DOD More like this Worries, uncertainty cloud outlook for digital privacy under President Trump Lawmakers tell Obama not to pardon Snowden Whistleblower Edward Snowden questions WikiLeaks' methods Video Mingis on Tech: Guns get smart, Sony does VR In his nomination of U.S. Rep. Mike Pompeo to head the CIA, President-elect Donald Trump has picked someone who has supported NSA surveillance programs and has criticized Silicon Valley's stance on encryption. Pompeo, a Republican from Kansas, is a former cavalry officer in the U.S. Army and a graduate of West Point. He serves on the House Intelligence Committee and is perhaps best known for his role on the Benghazi committee that investigated Hillary Clinton. But his committee assignment has also put him in the middle of several recent issues that have pitched the U.S. intelligence community against major tech companies. Back in February when the FBI was fighting Apple to gain access to data inside an iPhone used by a San Bernadino mass shooter, Pompeo criticized the company's position. Pompeo called Apple CEO Tim Cook's resistance to a subpoena "disappointing" and said he "should not stand in the way of the FBI’s investigation into a dead ISIS terrorist, who has the blood of 14 innocent Americans on his hands." The FBI had asked Apple to create custom software that would allow it an unlimited number of attempts to crack a passcode on the phone. Apple refused, and the case ended unresolved after the FBI said it had ultimately gained access to the iPhone using other methods. Pompeo has also supported the National Security Agency's decision to run some of its expansive surveillance programs that came to light after Edward Snowden, the former NSA contractor, leaked secret documents to media organizations. In the face of widespread resistance to NSA domestic data collection, Pompeo opposed limits and argued that the agency's surveillance programs are essential in fighting the threat or terrorism aimed at targets in the U.S. He has also been a constant critic of Snowden. Commenting on his committee's report into Snowden, Pompeo called him "a liar and a criminal" and said, "the appropriate action would be to send Snowden to prison, not give him a pardon." Back in 2014, he pushed the organizers of the SXSW conference to cancel an event where Snowden appeared via video conference. In making his choice, Trump said Pompeo "will be a brilliant and unrelenting leader for our intelligence community to ensure the safety of Americans and our allies." His nomination will need to clear the Senate, and there will be some resistance. In response to the nomination, Sen. Ron Wyden, a Democrat from Oregon, said the CIA needs "principled leadership now more than ever." Wyden criticized Pompeo's support for torture of terrorism suspects. "Unfortunately, Representative Pompeo’s comments in which he asserted that the CIA’s torture program was legal and that the American people did not deserve to know about it are deeply troubling," Wyden said. To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: IT Industry Technology Law & Regulation Data Privacy Encryption Security Martyn Williams covers general technology news for the IDG News Service and is based in San Francisco. He was previously based in Tokyo. 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Shop Tech Products at Amazon You Might Like Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. What Readers Like China builds world’s fastest supercomputer without U.S. chips China's Sunway TaihuLight theoretical peak performance is 124.5 petaflops. Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis This sortable chart lets you compare dozens of tools for functionality, skill level and more. Windows 10 Anniversary Update: A guide to the builds The Windows 10 Anniversary Update is due this summer -- but if you don’t want to wait, you can install... BrandPostsLearn more Sponsored by VMware AirWatch Mobile Email Evolution: The Security Mandate Popular Resources White Paper Accelerating Retail Activity White Paper Is Virtual Guarding the Future of Security? White Paper Leveraging Video Technology Beyond Loss Prevention in Retail White Paper Online Commerce: Plotting a Course to Personalization Case Study Sponsored Retail Execution Case Study: Carlsberg Go Top Stories Michael Flynn, Trump's NSA pick, is a cybersecurity hawk Michael Flynn, the man President-elect Donald Trump plans to name as U.S. national security advisor,... How lifelogging will become easy and automatic Before, only academic supergeeks tracked and recorded everything to achieve a photographic memory. But... Tech skills earning the highest cash premiums -- no certification required Some employers pay cash premiums to their tech professionals for specific hot skills and... The state of solar power looks bright in 2017 (+video) While solar and other forms of renewable energy still amount to a small percentage of all power... Sponsored Links INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Where do you stack up with your IT counterparts on cloud investment? Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 1994 - 2016 Computerworld, Inc. All rights reserved. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Answers IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « The Patent behind the New Accurate GPS System in Apple Watch Series 2 Surfaces | Main | Stephen Colbert Show Mocks Jony Ive and his new Design Book that Comes with the Latest Technology Called 'Touch Page' » November 18, 2016 Apple Files for iOS 10 Trademarks in the UK and Hong Kong Covering iMessages Feature 'Tapback' and more   Earlier today Patently Apple posted a patent report covering the new GPS system for Apple Watch Series 2 which includes a new element to provide the wearable device with more accuracy. In other intellectual property (IP) news today Apple filed a series of new iOS 10 trademark applications in Europe and Hong Kong. The one trademark filed in both countries was for the new iMessage feature called 'Tapback' which allows users to quickly respond to an iMessage from friends, family and colleagues with a quick tap on symbols noting approval or a heart or and exclamation mark and so on. The other two trademarks filings covered the Apple News logo and words "Today at Apple."   Trademark application 303965086 was filed in Hong Kong and application 016053589 was filed in London, England today for "Tapback." Both were filed under International Class 9. As noted below, Apple also filed for two additional trademarks in the UK covering the Apple News logo and "Today at Apple."   About Comments: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.     Posted by Jack Purcher on November 18, 2016 at 02:57 PM in 4. Trademark, Design | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts The Touch Disease Class Action Lawsuit to Continue as the Lead Plaintiff Calls Apple's Latest Offer 'Pitiful' California Builder Creates Community Homes with Slick HomeKit Smart Home Packages Available Stephen Colbert Show Mocks Jony Ive and his new Design Book that Comes with the Latest Technology Called 'Touch Page' Apple Files for iOS 10 Trademarks in the UK and Hong Kong Covering iMessages Feature 'Tapback' and more The Patent behind the New Accurate GPS System in Apple Watch Series 2 Surfaces China Warns Tech Companies at World Internet Conference in China that "Nothing outweighs National Security" Apple Hires Wall Street Journal Reporter to become Apple's PR Director in China Samsung's Note 7 Crisis Causes Chaos in Korean Exports, Dropping in Half in October Apple Formally Acknowledges the iPhone 6 Plus 'Touch Disease' Issue and Offers Customers with this Problem Some Relief Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Applications Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters Social & Gadgets Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading Apple will fix ‘touch disease’ in iPhone 6 Plus devices: for a price  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics This Week in Asia US election: Trump v Clinton G20: Hangzhou South China Sea: Hague case Hong Kong bookseller disappearances South China Sea Jake's View A-shares Brexit Sino-Japanese relations Sino-US relations #SoHongKong Xi Jinping's anti-graft campaign China Briefing China: Around The Nation Hongcouver Occupy Central Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Tech›Social & Gadgets Apple Apple Apple will fix ‘touch disease’ in iPhone 6 Plus devices: for a price PUBLISHED : Saturday, 19 November, 2016, 4:12am UPDATED : Saturday, 19 November, 2016, 4:12am Comments:   The Washington Post Share PrintEmail Related topics Apple Related Articles Innovation The tech giant is gearing towards a future of AR technology within smartphones and glasses 17 Nov 2016 Economy Apple quizzed by China’s consumer watchdog over iPhone 6 shutdown ‘fault’ 16 Nov 2016 Tech Faulty iphones get a refurbishment when sent back, and then resold at a cheaper price 9 Nov 2016 Apple is offering a fix for some iPhones stricken with “touch disease,” a problem in which a flickering bar appears at the top of a device’s display and its touch screen stops responding. The tech company will repair iPhone 6 Plus devices with the issue for US$149, it announced this week. Apple says it will contact people who have already paid the company or an authorised service provider to fix the problem and reimburse them for the price difference. The problem is caused when devices are “dropped multiple times on a hard surface” and then face “further stress,” the company said. Repair tech site iFixit says the issue seems to be a design flaw: The placement of key touch-screen-related chips causes them to become dislodged “as the phone flexes or twists slightly during normal use,” the site said. “Touch disease” is also reported to affect regular iPhone 6 devices, but Apple did not immediately respond to an inquiry about whether it would be offering similar discounts on repairs for that model. In August, three California customers launched a federal class-action suit against Apple over the issue. That lawsuit has since expanded, and another suit was filed in Utah. The lawsuits allege that the company knew about the problem but failed to offer repairs. Now, at least some customers can have the problem fixed - for a price.   Most Popular Viewed 1 Touchdown for Chinese astronauts after record space mission 2 Fleet of driverless Baidu cars takes to the road in Wuzhen 3 Chinese researchers build world’s strongest magnetic field 4 WhatsApp rolls out video calling to more than one billion users 5 Are you an internet and social media addict? A digital detox may be for you Shared 1 Fleet of driverless Baidu cars takes to the road in Wuzhen 2 Touchdown for Chinese astronauts after record space mission 3 Are you an internet and social media addict? A digital detox may be for you 4 The most beautiful Android BlackBerry ever: DTEK60 - first impressions 5 Chinese researchers build world’s strongest magnetic field Commented 1 Japan’s PM Abe has ‘great confidence’ in Trump, after president-elect’s first meeting with foreign leader 2 Hong Kong lawmaker Lau Siu-lai wins one legal challenge, but faces yet another 3 Touchdown for Chinese astronauts after record space mission 4 Nine in 10 Hong Kong drivers unaware of fuel-saving benefits of cruise control: poll 5 Expect more ‘one-country’ focus in Hong Kong policy and appreciate preferential treatment, mainland defence expert advises Promotions Register for a free copy of XXIV 2017 now Register for a free copy of Home Essentials 2017 now       You may also like China More doubts cast over Chinese scientist’s claim of gene editing tool ‘breakthrough’ 17 Nov 2016 - 10:21pm 1 Dazzling festivals throughout December: Macau’s seasonal delights to light up the city In partnership with Macao Government Tourism Office Hong Kong Chinese government rebukes US over comments on Hong Kong removal of legislators-elect 17 Nov 2016 - 11:45pm 88 Go Asia - Vietnam 11 Nov 2016 - 4:24pm China Trump expected to welcome Chinese investment in US, despite threatening tough tariffs on country’s products 16 Nov 2016 - 8:43am 5 Game changes in Hong Kong’s Legislative Council after ban of two localist lawmakers 17 Nov 2016 - 11:15am 67 Hong Kong Joseph Lau slams ‘greedy’ ex-girlfriend in video interview, confirms he wrote newspaper statement about breakup 16 Nov 2016 - 9:11pm 12 Hong Kong Dream of owning a home is over for most young Hong Kong people 15 Nov 2016 - 11:29pm 43 Offbeat The ‘mannequin challenge’ is the latest social media craze Nov 17th 2016, 3:37pm China Booming e-businesses amid tight censorship ... can China have it both ways with the internet? 15 Nov 2016 - 11:28pm 6 Hong Kong HK$14m revamp of Hong Kong Star Ferry looks to make waves with sofas, glass roof and diesel-electric generator 15 Nov 2016 - 10:36pm 7 Hong Kong Hong Kong’s foreign domestic helpers to be protected by new rule on window cleaning in early 2017 14 Nov 2016 - 11:50pm 10 South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2016 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › tech home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Apple Apple to fix 'touch disease' flaw for iPhone 6 Plus The significant flaw in touchscreens can be triggered when devices are dropped multiple times, Apple claimed Apple said some devices may ‘exhibit display flickering or Multi-Touch issues after being dropped multiple times on a hard surface and then incurring further stress on the device’. Photograph: Alamy Geof Wheelwright in Seattle Friday 18 November 2016 17.02 EST Last modified on Friday 18 November 2016 17.06 EST Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Apple has acknowledged a significant flaw that causes touchscreens to fail in some iPhone 6 Plus smartphones, claiming the problem can be triggered when devices are dropped multiple times. Announcing the “Multi-Touch Repair Program for iPhone 6 Plus” on Thursday, Apple said some devices may “exhibit display flickering or Multi-Touch issues after being dropped multiple times on a hard surface and then incurring further stress on the device”. The company’s statement said that users could pay $149 to fix the issue, if their phones still work and don’t have a broken or cracked screen. Those who have already paid to have their phones repaired should contact Apple directly. iOS flaw lets hackers access iPhones using an iMessage Read more Yet the problem, dubbed “touch disease”, has been followed closely by the consumer site ifixit.org since August, which claims the problem of unresponsive touchscreens is not limited to devices that have been dropped. It claims the problem is actually caused by structural design flaws – the same ones flagged by “bendgate”, in which iPhones were found to bend when carried in tight pockets – and that Apple should admit the problem and extend consumers’ warranties under which the device would be repaired for free. A class action lawsuit brought in October also claims that tens of thousands of iPhone 6 Plus users have been affected. The suit targets “Apple’s concealment of a material manufacturing defect that ultimately causes iPhone touchscreens to become unresponsive and fail for their essential purpose as smartphones”. It describes in detail how the problem manifested for a variety of iPhone 6 Plus users, including Pennsylvania resident Thomas Davidson, whose phone became unusable less than two years after purchase. “The touchscreen on Mr Davidson’s iPhone 6 became unresponsive. Mr Davidson went to the Apple Care website on or about August 24, 2016,” the complaint states. “Mr Davidson discovered that he would be charged $320 for a replacement iPhone 6 if he sent his iPhone 6 in for service. He declined to do so and has discontinued use of the iPhone as the result of the touchscreen defect. “When the touchscreen defect manifests, Mr Davidson is unable to send or view text messages, take pictures, capture video, play music, browse the internet, send or view emails, use GPS navigation, use the touchscreen to make and take calls and download or use various applications, among other things.” Apple said it was not providing any further comment on the issue. More news Topics Apple iPhone Smartphones Mobile phones iPhone 6 Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech selected arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Technology › Apple Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook YouTube Twitter Google+ Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Mobile Computing Apple Apple blames owners for iPhone 6 Touch Disease, will fix the problem for $149 Apple claims dropping the iPhone 6 Plus multiple times causes the issue By Rob Thubron on Nov 18, 2016, 11:30 AM 42 comments TechSpot Back in August, it was reported that a growing number of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus users were reporting their devices had been affected by ‘Touch Disease,’ a manufacturing issue that resulted in a flickering gray bar and, ultimately, an unresponsive screen. Now, Apple has finally acknowledged the problem and says it will repair it – for $149. Touch Disease is a result of the devices’ bendability, which causes the controller chip’s soldering to crack and start to lose contact with the board. “As the crack deepens into a full separation of the chip-board bond, the periods of no touch function become more frequent,” said microsoldering repair specialist Jessa Jones. Up until now, the Cupertino company hasn’t even acknowledged the existence of Touch Disease. Some owners claim that Apple told them buying a new device was the only solution if the affected iPhone was out of warranty. Now, Apple has launched a “Multi-Touch Repair Program” to address the issue. While Touch Disease has been reported in both variants of the iPhone 6, Apple’s service only covers the iPhone 6 Plus, which, due to its larger size, is more susceptible to the problem. Unsurprisingly, Apple isn’t claiming liability for Touch Disease; instead, it is blaming clumsy owners whose iPhones have been “dropped multiple times on a hard surface and then incurring further stress on the device.” Not only is Apple blaming customers for Touch Disease, but the company is also charging $149 to fix it. While this is half the price of normal out of warranty repairs, it’s still a case of consumers paying for a design flaw. Anyone who had their device repaired or replaced for similar symptoms – which could have cost more than $149 – will have the difference reimbursed by Apple. iFixit, which was one of the first publications to shine a light on the issue, has been critical of Apple’s repair program. CEO Kyle Wiens says he has seen Touch Disease on phones that have never been dropped. He added that an Apple Genius confirmed the company wasn’t repairing the affected iPhones but swapping them for refurbished devices. Moreover, the data from the old phones wasn’t being transferred. Apple is facing a class-action lawsuit from owners of iPhones affected by Touch Disease. How, or if, the new repair program will affect the case is unclear. Related Reads Apple sued over iPhone 6 "Touch Disease" hardware problems Growing number of iPhone 6, 6 Plus phones rendered inoperable by "Touch disease" hardware flaw Apple iPhone 6S already in production, will integrate Force Touch 42 comments 525 interactions Share this article: Video Highlight Now Read This… Apple quickly removes crime alert app Vigilante from its store due to content concerns Smartwatch shipments were down 51.6% last quarter Popular 38 comments Make Chrome great again: Performance and memory tweaks 11 comments Samsung SSD 960 Evo 500GB Review: The king of the TLC hill 32 comments Report claims Apple is looking to bring iPhone manufacturing to the US 27 comments Update: Nvidia GeForce 375.95 Hot Fix solves low memory speed issues Load Comments 42 ... User Comments: 42 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 15 Getting 5.1 surround through S/PDIF 3.5mm jack 81 Mark Zuckerberg says Facebook will fight to protect the rights of Muslims 73 Trump says "dishonest media" of Facebook, Google, and Twitter suppressed damaging Clinton news 76 Open Forum: What do you think of the iPhone 7? 8 Rebuilding a PC Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2016 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook YouTube Twitter Google+ Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Apple Industry Report claims Apple is looking to bring iPhone manufacturing to the US Apple manufacturing partner Foxconn is investigating the move By Rob Thubron on Nov 18, 2016, 1:45 PM 32 comments TechSpot One of President-elect Trump’s pre-election promises was to make Apple manufacture its products on US soil instead of China. Now that the Republican is on his way to the White House, such a move could be possible - and it seems an Apple manufacturing partner has been preparing for it. According to Japanese website Nikkei Asian Review, Apple asked the two firms that assemble the iPhone - Foxconn and Pegatron - to look into assembling the devices in America back in June. Pegatron is said to have rejected the idea due to the increased costs, whereas Foxconn “has been studying the possibility” of opening US-based facilities. "Apple asked both Foxconn and Pegatron, the two iPhone assemblers, in June to look into making iPhones in the U.S.," an anonymous source told the publication. "Foxconn complied, while Pegatron declined to formulate such a plan due to cost concerns." It had been suggested that moving production to the US would see the price of Apple products shoot up – the Nikkei’s source said "making iPhones in the US means the cost will more than double.” The Wall Street Journal, meanwhile, recently outlined why Trump’s plan would be impractical, and wouldn’t necessarily create US jobs. However, some estimates claim that an iPhone assembled in the States would only cost about $30 extra, most of which would be a result of additional transportation expenses arising from shipping parts to the US. With Apple’s orders making up half of all Foxconn’s business, it’s not surprising that the Taiwanese company is looking into the possibility of a move, rather than face losing Apple as a customer. But whether Trump really does "get Apple to build their damn computers and things in this country instead of in other countries" remains to be seen. Earlier this week, China promised to cut iPhone and US automobile sales in the country if Trump imposed his promised 45 percent tariff on imports from the Asian nation. Related Reads Apple's iPhone 6 is outselling its bigger brother by nearly a 3-to-1 margin, report suggests Apple Pay adoption sits at just six percent among iPhone 6 / 6 Plus owners, report claims Users report intermittent glitch with the iPhone 7's new Lightning EarPods, Apple working on a fix 32 comments 705 interactions Share this article: Video Highlight Now Read This… China says it will cut iPhone sales if Trump starts trade war Apple blames owners for iPhone 6 Touch Disease, will fix the problem for $149 Samsung's latest acquisition and next-gen text messaging Popular 38 comments Make Chrome great again: Performance and memory tweaks 11 comments Samsung SSD 960 Evo 500GB Review: The king of the TLC hill 32 comments Report claims Apple is looking to bring iPhone manufacturing to the US 27 comments Update: Nvidia GeForce 375.95 Hot Fix solves low memory speed issues Load Comments 32 ... User Comments: 32 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 7 Serious Apple question 71 Steve Wozniak warns Apple over removing the 3.5mm headphone jack for the iPhone 7 10 Volume knob stopped working on ipad 2 92 Apple engineers may quit if forced by FBI to unlock iPhones 18 Question about iPhone 5(s)? Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2016 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
Top Local Stories SB I-75 reopens at Baldwin after crash seriously injures 2 Traffic Detroit girl, 10, drowns in Chicago area hotel pool News How do you talk politics with family, friends at Thanksgiving? Flashpoint Mark Hackel discusses corruption charges in Macomb County Flashpoint SB I-75 closed at Baldwin due to crash; police issue warning News Dearborn's Festival of Trees raises funds for pediatric research News Metro Detroit Weather: Cold, blustery Sunday News Some areas of southeast Michigan see snow Weather Shots ring out at Southfield bar, 3 injured News Turkey drive takes place in Dearborn, feeds 1,000 families News Taboo from Black Eyed Peas opens up about cancer diagnosis Health Figure Skating in Harlem youth program coming to Detroit News News Apple will fix iPhone 6 Plus devices with 'Touch Disease' Touch screen stops working By SELENA LARSON Posted: 12:50 PM, November 18, 2016 Updated: 4:19 PM, November 18, 2016 Chris McGrath/Getty Images More News Headlines There are two versions of the iPhone 7 -- and one is way slower SAN FRANCISCO (CNNMoney) - Apple is recognizing that "Touch Disease" is a thing. The tech company is rolling out a repair program to fix iPhone 6 Plus devices with unresponsive touchscreen features. The term "Touch Disease" refers to the touchscreen issues that surface after the phone undergoes stress, like being dropped on the floor several times. In many cases, iPhone users have complained the touchscreen will entirely stop working for several months. In August, repair site iFixit discovered that the issue stemmed from faulty chips inside the devices. When the phone is dropped or bent, the chips become loose. At the time, iFixit called the issue "Touch Disease" -- and it was quickly adopted by the internet. Now, the company is willing to repair affected devices for $149 -- as long as your screen isn't cracked and the phone is in working order. Apple said on its website it "determined that some iPhone 6 Plus devices may exhibit display flickering or multi-touch issues after being dropped multiple times on a hard surface and then incurring further stress on the device." Although some iPhone 6 users have also reported the issue, Apple's fix only applies to the larger-sized iPhone 6 Plus. The company added it will reimburse people if they already fixed devices through Apple service providers for more than $149. Following widespread reports of the problem, "Touch Disease" -- on both sizes of the iPhone 6 -- has accounted for up to 22% of repairs at Apple Stores, according to tech site Apple Insider. Apple is facing class action lawsuits in California, Utah, and Canada over "Touch Disease." The complaints allege Apple knew about the faulty touchscreens and didn't do anything about it. These cases are not yet resolved. Copyright 2016 by CNN NewSource. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Trending http://www.clickondetroit.com
BACK TO Best Right Now How Tos Award Winners How We Test Menu Ovens | Our Categories Home & Outdoors Dishwashers Refrigerators Laundry Ovens Freezers Microwaves Vacuums Robot Vacuums Smart Home Luxury Appliances Tech Televisions Cameras Lenses Headphones Smartphones Laptops Camcorders Tablets Wearables Cars Reviews Brands & Categories Reviews By Brand Reviews By Category Range Gas Dual-Fuel Electric Induction Double Oven Range Cooktop Gas Electric Induction Wall Oven Gas Wall Oven Electric Double Wall Oven Reviews By Price $0 to $400 $400 to $800 $800 to $1200 $1200 to $1600 $1600 to $2500 $2500 or more News Video Reviewed.com Best Right Now How Tos Award Winners How We Test Ovens Reviews News Video Our Categories Televisions Cameras Lenses Headphones Smartphones Laptops Camcorders Tablets Wearables Dishwashers Refrigerators Laundry Ovens Freezers Microwaves Vacuums Robot Vacuums Smart Home Luxury Appliances Cars The 18 most popular Thanksgiving recipes on Pinterest Who needs recipe books? 0 comments Share: SMS Credit: Crafts a la Mode Jordan Jackson November 18, 2016 So you’ve stepped up to the plate and volunteered to host this year’s Thanksgiving dinner. As the date slowly creeps near, you’ve probably noted all of the making and baking that needs to get done. From your mother’s favorite cookbook, to the endless amounts of food blogs you can peruse, the list of recipes can become quite overwhelming. Where to begin and what will guests actually enjoy? Luckily there’s Pinterest. This may be just be the best online hub for saving your sanity. From cocktails to salads, and the quintessential cooking instructions you’ll need, there are perfectly selected pins to devour. Here are the top pinned Thanksgiving-appropriate dishes and drinks to make for the holiday. 1. Cinnamon Sugar Pecans Recipe - 241.4k Pins Credit: Firefly Tales Cinnamon Sugar Pecans View Larger 2. Slow Cooker Cranberry Apple Cider - 228.6k Pins Credit: The Recipe Rebel Slow Cooker Cranberry Apple Cider View Larger 3. Pumpkin Cake with Chocolate Ganache - 198.3k Pins Credit: Shugary Sweets Pumpkin Cake with Chocolate Ganache View Larger 4. Thanksgiving Turkey Cheese Ball - 161k Pins Credit: Crafts a la Mode Thanksgiving Turkey Cheese Bal View Larger 5. Caramel Apple Sangria - 145.3k Pins Credit: A Night Owl Caramel Apple Sangria View Larger 6. Pumpkin Cornbread with Cinnamon Honey Butter - 140.6k Pins Credit: Cooking Classy Pumpkin Cornbread with Cinnamon Honey Butter View Larger 7. Rosemary Dinner Rolls - 122.5k Pins Credit: Cooking Classy Rosemary Dinner Rolls View Larger 8. Crockpot Maple Brown Sugar Ham - 103.9k Pins Credit: Life in the Lofthouse Crockpot Maple Brown Sugar Ham View Larger 9. Honey Roasted Carrots - 99.9k Pins Credit: Cooking Classy Honey Roasted Carrots View Larger 10. Fall Shredded Brussels Sprouts Salad - 82.2k Pins Credit: Iowa Girl Eats Fall Shredded Brussels Sprouts Salad View Larger 11. Apple Cranberry Bacon Candied Walnut Salad with Apple Poppy Seed Vinaigrette - 63.8k Pins Credit: Carls Bad Cravings Apple Cranberry Bacon Candied Walnut Salad with Apple Poppy Seed Vinaigrette View Larger 12. The Best Turkey Gravy Recipe - 60.3k Pins Credit: Mom on Timeout No Boil Slow Cooker Mashed Potatoes View Larger 13. No Boil Slow Cooker Mashed Potatoes - 51.1k Pins Credit: Spend With Pennies The Best Turkey Gravy Recipe View Larger 14. Mandy’s Triple Chocolate Kahlua Cake - 41k Pins Credit: Sumptuous Living Mandy’s Triple Chocolate Kahlua Cake View Larger 15. Mini Pumpkin Pie Pops - 35.9k Pins Credit: One Little Project Mini Pumpkin Pie Pops View Larger 16. Classic Traditional Thanksgiving Stuffing - 24.3k Pins Credit: Averi Cooks Classic Traditional Thanksgiving Stuffing View Larger 17. Creamy Green Bean Casserole from Scratch - 23.5k Pins Credit: Sally's Baking Addiction Creamy Green Bean Casserole from Scratch View Larger 18. Magic Broccoli - 21.1k Pins Credit: Recipe Tin Eats Magic Broccoli View Larger Related Video We’ve scoured the web to find you the best deals on good products. While Reviewed.com may receive a small share of the revenue from your purchase, editorial opinions are independent from any business sales. Calphalon Contemporary Hard Anodized Nonstick 16-Inch Roasting Pan with Rack 5 pc. Set Buy now for $79.95 at Amazon How does this work? Reviewed.com offers the ability to purchase products through our affiliate programs with retail partners. While we earn a small percentage of the sale, make no mistake that our ethics policy is strongly enforced here, too. You can buy products that have received both positive and negative reviews, because we realize that there's a right product for everyone. Be in the know! Get Reviewed.com news and reviews straight to your inbox. Sign Up Thanks for signing up! Share: SMS Advertisement Advertisement Copyright Copyright © 2016 Reviewed.com. All rights reserved. All trademarks and product names are the property of their respective owners. We make no guarantees regarding any of the advice offered on this web site or by its staff or users. User comments and postings are not the responsibility of Reviewed.com. We’ve scoured the web to find you the best deals on good products. While Reviewed.com may receive a small share of the revenue from your purchase, editorial opinions are independent from any business sales. About Us About Us Advertising How We Test How We Score How We Award Ethics Science Blog Terms of Service Privacy Policy Ad Choices Sitemap Send Feedback Our Sites Home & Outdoors Dishwashers Refrigerators Laundry Ovens Freezers Microwaves Vacuums Robot Vacuums Smart Home Luxury Appliances Tech Televisions Cameras Lenses Headphones Smartphones Laptops Camcorders Tablets Wearables Cars Be in the know! Get Reviewed.com news and reviews straight to your inbox. Sign Up Thanks for signing up! Part of USA TODAY Tech Skip this ad Advertisement. The page you requested will display in seconds. × Be the first to know about News, Reviews & Deals Yes I want to be in the know! No, I don't need to know Thank you for signing up! Look for the latest news & reviews in your inbox soon. Close
Share 9 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2016-11-19 American Music Awards 2016: Live Stream, Performers, Presenters — Everything You Need To Know About The AMAs Entertainment 2016-11-19 Mike Pence Booed At ‘Hamilton’ Appearance: See Video Of The Message The Musical’s Cast Delivered To The Vice President-Elect Entertainment, Movies, News 2016-11-18 ‘Game Of Thrones’ Star Emilia Clarke Is Latest Addition To ‘Han Solo’ Film Entertainment 2016-11-18 Happy Birthday Mickey Mouse! You’re 88! Here’s What You Don’t Know About Him News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2016-11-20 Vote Audit: Did Trump Win Fair Election, Or A Rigged One? New Movement Seeks Data On Suspicious Vote Counts News 2016-11-20 Two Men Overdosing On Heroin In McDonald’s Parking Lot Captured On Facebook Live Stream News 2016-11-20 Jessica Whelan Loses Battle With Cancer, Father’s Heartbreaking Photo Brought Awareness To Suffering She Endured News 2016-11-20 Ser Je Da Be Search Update: Missing 13-Year-Old Abducted By 22-Year-Old Ex-Boyfriend And In ‘Extreme Danger,’ Police Say Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Sports 2016-11-20 NFL Playoff Standings: Washington Redskins, Oakland Raiders, Dallas Cowboys In The Spotlight Sports 2016-11-20 Floyd Mayweather Jr. Vs. Conor McGregor: Celebrities Weigh In On Possible Fight Sports 2016-11-17 RunDisney’s 2017 New Balance Shoe Designs Revealed, Feature Disney Parks Attractions Sports 2016-11-16 Watch New Zealand Vs. Pakistan Cricket 1st Test Live Stream: Start Time, Team News, How To Watch Online Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Flyer Includes 16 Items Currently Available On Sale Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Trident Lakes: Subterranean Doomsday Prepper Village Being Built In Ector, Texas Lifestyle 2016-11-06 What’s Open On Veterans Day 2016 And Where Can Vets Get A Free Meal On Friday? Lifestyle 2016-11-05 When Does The Time Change? Daylight Saving Time Ends, But Not For Everyone Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2016-11-20 Prostate Cancer Second Opinions: Alternate Advice Might Not Force Treatment Change Health 2016-11-19 Microbes On ATM Keypads Come From Human Skin And Food, Study Says Health 2016-11-19 Zika No Longer A World Public Health Emergency, Claims WHO: Outraged, Brazil Says Chances Of Epidemic Still High Health 2016-11-16 Gloucester Toddler, 3, Is Nearly ‘Eaten Alive’ By Herpes Contracted From Family Member Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2016-11-20 ‘Tom Clancy’s The Division’ Survival DLC: Gameplay Review Of Vendor Reset For 1.5 Update — Alpha Bridge Weapon Builds Likely The Strongest And Talent Requirements More Attainable Gaming 2016-11-20 10-Ban Drafting System For ‘League Of Legends’ Leaked Sooner Than Expected Gaming 2016-11-20 PS4 Vs. PS4 Pro Graphics: ‘FFXV,’ ‘Uncharted 4,’ ‘Last Of Us’ Performance Examined Gaming 2016-11-20 ‘Pokemon Sun’ And ‘Moon’ Players Relentlessly Soft Resetting For Shiny Starters BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2016-11-20 Heartbreaking Footage Of Teacher Snatching Microphone From Autistic Boy During Thanksgiving Play Goes Viral [Video] BuzzWorthy 2016-11-20 Donald Trump Assassination Skit Gets San Antonio Students In Trouble, But Parents Want Harsher Punishment BuzzWorthy 2016-11-20 Donald J. Trump Twitter: I Watched ‘SNL’ Last Night, It Is A Totally One-Sided, Biased Show — Nothing Funny At All [Videos] BuzzWorthy 2016-11-19 Mike Pence And ‘Hamilton’: VP-Elect Booed, Hears A Few Words From The Cast At The Show — Was It Appropriate? [Poll] SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss ‘Super Mario Run’ Launches On iPhone And iPad Amid Massive App Store Purge Gaming 9 0 0 November 18, 2016 ‘Super Mario Run’ Launches On iPhone And iPad Amid Massive App Store Purge Cal Jeffrey Super Mario Run’s release date is set for December 15, 2016, for iPhone and iPad users. As the iconic mascot of Nintendo, Mario has seen over 100 unique titles over the last several decades, and as a property is the longest running franchise in video game history. In fact, 2016 marks Mario’s 35th birthday. Mario first appeared in the Nintendo arcade classic Donkey Kong in 1981, but it was 1983’s Mario Bros. on the Nintendo Entertainment System that made Mario a household name. Aside from the Atari 5200/7800, PC, and a few other obscure consoles like the Phillips CD-i, Mario has been exclusive to Nintendo manufactured hardware. However, Wired reports, Super Mario Run is exclusive to the iPhone and iPad for now, but will be going to Android devices next year. The title will mark the first time that Nintendo has exclusively released a Mario game on a platform it did not own. In 1994, Nintendo licensed the property to Phillips for use on its CD-i gaming system, but the singular release, Hotel Mario, was so terrible even Mario would rather forget about it. Playing #DonkeyKong on #ElectionNight pic.twitter.com/kBFzyn9WaQ — アギラー カイル (@kyle_a_nippon) November 9, 2016 Super Mario Run’s launch will come in the middle of Apple’s massive App Store purge, which began in October. According to Digital Trends, “The company announced in September that it would be removing apps that no longer worked as intended or didn’t follow guidelines from the App Store.” As of October 31, almost 50,000 apps had been deleted from the store since the purge began. Games were hardest hit, accounting for 28 percent of the removals. That is a huge chunk considering that the Entertainment category had the second most deletions at around nine percent and Books came in third at 8.96 percent. The removal of apps is not anything new or alarming, and should not effect new apps like Super Mario Run. Apple deletes old neglected apps all the time. However, the frequency of removals in the last month has increased 200-300 percent over the averages set between January and September. The purge was not a surprise either. Digital Trends reported that Apple announced that it would be purging abandoned apps and sent notice to app developers that they would have 30 days to update their programs. Apple’s big App Store purge is now underway https://t.co/45hS33Z20q pic.twitter.com/uACoShKFmQ #tech — Tech Now (@Tech_Now2) November 16, 2016 While the first month of removals did see a significant number of deletions, the purge is predicted to go on for at least a few months. Despite the massive housekeeping effort, the App Store is expected to continue growing. If growth remains consistent, analysts predict by the year 2020 the store could be host to over 5 million applications, even with regular removals. That is double the size that it is today. The purge is not expected to cause any delays or problems in purchasing Super Mario Run or any other app. The store is functioning properly at this time and will continue to operate correctly throughout the process of removals. So Nintendo can rest assured that Mario will be at the fingertips of everyone without delays or hiccups. Super Mario Run features minimalistic controls. Mario runs automatically, and the player taps the screen to make him jump to avoid obstacles. It is a control scheme mimicked from other similar games and is well-suited for mobile devices where often only one hand is available. The app is free to download, and players can play the first few levels, but the full game costs $9.99. $10 for #SuperMarioRun does seem a bit steep but that judgement is preemptive w/o knowing how much content is in the game pic.twitter.com/SGb2BSAgFt — Jammer (@JammerProHD) November 15, 2016 Interestingly, the price point seems to be a bone of contention among gamers. According to a survey conducted by IGN, over half those polled said they are unwilling to pay that much for the simplified game and would rather wait for a price reduction. Out of 12,582 respondents, only 5,986 said they were willing to pay $10 for Super Mario Run. However, having 47.58 percent of the demographic willing to make the $10 purchase on day one is not too bad. Even if the potential purchaser pool were only one million users (a very conservative estimate), that would equate to sales of about $4.8 million on launch day, and Nintendo is certainly going to milk it for all it is worth. The company may choose to hold out on those waiting for a price drop. Delaying reductions in price is a sound strategy that often leads procrastinators to a purchase, but only as long as reviews support the game’s value. Super Mario Run launches on iPhone and iPad in less than a month on December 15. Android users will have to wait until next year to get the game. [Featured Image by Bob Riha, Jr./Nintendo via Getty Images] Now Watch This: Company Recreates Real life Space Invaders Game Now Read This: ‘Tom Clancy’s The Division’ Survival DLC: Gameplay Review Of Vendor Reset For 1.5 Update — Alpha Bridge Weapon Builds Likely The Strongest And Talent Requirements More Attainable Share 9 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Cal Jeffrey Tags: app store, Apple, ipad, iphone Comments LATEST HEADLINES EmDrive NASA Sci-Fi Propulsion System Might Actually Work: EmDrive Would Make Mars 70 Day Trip For Elon Musk’s SpaceX How Congress Can Change Final 2016 Electoral College Map, If Faithless Electors Don’t Stop Trump WWE News: Could Shinsuke Nakamura Be Heading To The Main Roster Following NXT Takeover: Toronto Loss? Iggy Azalea Reveals More Than Just Her Implants In ‘GQ’ WWE News: Triple H Reacts To NXT Takeover Toronto And Puts Over His Talent Heartbreaking Footage Of Teacher Snatching Microphone From Autistic Boy During Thanksgiving Play Goes Viral [Video] Vote Audit: Did Trump Win Fair Election, Or A Rigged One? New Movement Seeks Data On Suspicious Vote Counts A Tucson School Stopped A Kid From Being Bullied – By Kicking Him Out Of School Chris Brown To Perform At The AMAs? Fans Beg Singer To Attend American Music Awards Amid New Album Rumors NBA Trade Rumors: John Wall, Anthony Davis Top List Of Franchise Players On Trade Block Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Take The Poll: Dump Trump? Should Electoral College Switch Election To Clinton? 6.5k 0 0 Exit Polls Predicted Hillary Clinton To Win Four Of Donald Trump’s Key Victories [Opinion] 13.2k 0 0 3 Million Illegal Immigrants Voted, Claims Gregg Phillips Of VoteStand: Donald Trump’s Final Popular Vote Count Alleged To Be Better Than 2016 Predictions 874 0 0 Donald Trump On LGBT Issues: Poised To Be First President To Appoint An Openly Gay Cabinet Member 8.6k 0 0 Democrats Want to End Electoral College But Were Fine With Superdelegates [Opinion] 3.7k 0 0 Michelle Obama’s Designer Refuses To Dress Melania Trump As First Lady, Says ‘Integrity Is Our Only True Currency’ 2.1k 0 0 Will The Shield Reunite At ‘Survivor Series’? Seth Rollins Says He’s Not Opposed To The Idea 2k 0 0 Recent Headlines NBA Trade Rumors: John Wall, Anthony Davis Top List Of Franchise Players On Trade Block 1 0 0 Donald Trump Assassination Skit Gets San Antonio Students In Trouble, But Parents Want Harsher Punishment 0 0 0 NFL Playoff Standings: Washington Redskins, Oakland Raiders, Dallas Cowboys In The Spotlight 6 0 0 ‘Buy Nothing Day’ Events Planned In Over 60 Countries For Black Friday And Saturday 21 0 0 Dallas Cowboys Rumors: Tony Romo Wants To Be Traded To The Denver Broncos In The Offseason 0 0 0 Two Men Overdosing On Heroin In McDonald’s Parking Lot Captured On Facebook Live Stream 6 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2016 The Inquisitr News.
SearchHealthIT Search the TechTarget Network Sign-up now. Start my free, unlimited access. Login SearchHealthIT SearchCompliance SearchCIO SearchCloudComputing SearchMobileComputing SearchSecurity SearchStorage Topic Medical devices IT infrastructure View All Desktop/laptop Servers Security Cloud architecture Storage Mobile PACS Networking EHR systems View All EHR implementation EHR best practices EHR selection EHR certification Health care regulations View All ACO Quality reporting Health care policy HIPAA Meaningful use ICD-10 IT infrastructure View All Desktop/laptop Servers Security Cloud architecture Storage Medical devices Mobile PACS Networking Health IT planning View All Interoperability Information exchange Organization Regional extension centers Health IT conferences View All AHIMA ATA CHIME HIMSS RSNA Hospital IT applications View All Data analytics Decision support Clinical documentation Billing BI systems Cloud applications Inventory PHR services Population health management Process management Health IT compliance View All Privacy Security Safety Topics Archive View All HealthIT Resources Funding Regionalization Please select a category EHR systems Health care regulations IT infrastructure Health IT planning Health IT conferences Hospital IT applications Health IT compliance Section Evaluate News Get Started Evaluate Manage Problem Solve What’s on your wrist? Apple Watch tracking app guides CEO of health IT firm on fitness runs by Shaun Sutner News and Features Writer The CEO of a secure clinical communications vendor uses his Apple Watch to track fitness runs, but is moving slowly on his company developing its own app for the watch. This Article Covers Medical devices RELATED TOPICS Desktop/laptop Servers Security Cloud architecture Storage Mobile Looking for something else? IoT security vulnerabilities turn hospital CIOs' dreams into nightmares Wearable device manufacturers: Focus on usable health apps The five most innovative technologies at Connected Health Symposium 2015 + Show More Sections Share this item with your network: Related Content Apple Watch not quite ready for the enterprise – SearchMobileComputing Why companies need to start developing apps for Apple... – ComputerWeekly Dallas hospital CIO uses health wearable to track runs – SearchHealthIT Sponsored News CIO's Guide to Understanding Bimodal IT –Dell How To Integrate Legacy Apps With the Modern Data Center –Dell Vendor Resources Modern Mobility E-zine: In-App Analytics Get Down to Business –SearchMobileComputing CW Buyer's Guide: Tablets for business –ComputerWeekly.com Terry Edwards, president and CEO of PerfectServe, Inc., depends on the Apple Watch tracking function to gauge distance and pace on his fitness runs. Download this free guide Free Guide: Wearables Raise Healthcare Data Security Questions Is the information collected by Fitbits and Apple Watches covered by HIPAA regulations? Only sometimes. Find out more about what’s covered – and what isn’t – when it comes to wearable devices and data so you can avoid the risks. Start Download Corporate E-mail Address: You forgot to provide an Email Address. This email address doesn’t appear to be valid. This email address is already registered. Please login. You have exceeded the maximum character limit. Please provide a Corporate E-mail Address. By submitting my Email address I confirm that I have read and accepted the Terms of Use and Declaration of Consent. By submitting your personal information, you agree that TechTarget and its partners may contact you regarding relevant content, products and special offers. You also agree that your personal information may be transferred and processed in the United States, and that you have read and agree to the Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy. But while he likes the Apple Watch tracking app, Edwards isn't convinced his company's secure clinical communications technology needs a smartwatch app platform just yet, though PerfectServe does serve up notifications on the watch. The Knoxville-based businessman got his watch -- an entry-level sport model with a matte black finish and black plastic strap -- to replace his old Jawbone wearable tracker a few months after the watch first came out in April 2015. "The real driver of it was one of our early adopter physician clients," Edwards said. "He went out and bought it like the day it came out, and said, 'You gotta write an app for this thing.'" "And I said, let me get one, and I'll, you know, see how it works," Edwards said, adding that there are already a number of apps on the watch that he thinks aren't all that effective. Edwards said PerfectServe may someday develop a native app for the Apple Watch, but in the meantime the watch's tracking effectiveness for his three-to-five times a week running habit is already there. Terry Edwards The Apple Watch tracking technology comes into play on runs on the wide boulevards and gentle hills of Edwards' West Knoxville subdivision, where Edwards, 54, uses the device's Activity app to monitor not only distance, but also his heart rate, and adjust his pace accordingly. On these runs, Edwards stows his Apple iPhone in a special running belt. The phone is tethered to the watch via Bluetooth, and Edwards listens to podcasts or motivational recordings as he piles up the steps. Sometimes, he'll slow to a walk and hold phone conversations using his corded or wireless mic-equipped Bose headphones. I know if I’m getting a certain amount of steps in, I'm just going to feel better. Terry Edwards, president and CEO of PerfectServe Edwards also often jogs on his treadmill. Edwards, who has been running for fun and fitness since high school, also uses the trendy smartwatch on non-running days. He might be in Manhattan or Chicago and just be walking around a lot and traipsing through airports on company business; on those days he often exceeds his 10,000 daily step goal. "I know if I'm getting a certain amount of steps in, I'm just going to feel better," Edwards said. Edwards also tracks his weight on a smart scale from French health tech vendor Withings SA, and links the weekly weight readings to his watch to get a more holistic view of his overall health. In between runs and walks, Edwards is focused on signing on health systems to his company's PerfectServe Synchrony system, which integrates secure mobile and web-based text, voice and photo and video sharing for clinical care workgroups. Even though Edwards thinks Apple has improved its Siri voice recognition technology to the point at which the watch has become a useful wearable voice-to-text tool, he said voice-based applications are often not great in noisy clinical settings. Next Steps Apple Watch pluses and minuses in business applications Healthcare analytics cloud for Apple Watch from IBM Watson Health Microsoft ends production of Microsoft Band wearable tracker This was last published in November 2016 Dig Deeper on Medical technology devices All News Get Started Evaluate Manage Problem Solve IoT security vulnerabilities turn hospital CIOs' dreams into nightmares FDA (U.S. Food and Drug Administration) For secure medical imaging systems, end-user awareness a must IoT in healthcare: Four attack scenarios and what to do Load More View All Wearable technology in healthcare is out of reach for many FDA gets tougher on IoT medical device cybersecurity Digital health initiative launched in Massachusetts to create digital health hub The five most innovative technologies at Connected Health Symposium 2015 Load More View All News FDA (U.S. Food and Drug Administration) Medical device integration strategies explained Wearable health technology and HIPAA: What is and isn't covered 'Quantified sleep' data next wave of personal health measurement Load More View All Get started IoT security vulnerabilities turn hospital CIOs' dreams into nightmares IoT in healthcare: Four attack scenarios and what to do Robots are examining patients, conducting surgical procedures CHIME plots ways to augment medical device interoperability Load More View All Evaluate IoT security vulnerabilities turn hospital CIOs' dreams into nightmares For secure medical imaging systems, end-user awareness a must Managing IoT medical devices poses challenges for IT IoT medical device security calls for broader measures Load More View All Manage For secure medical imaging systems, end-user awareness a must RecycleHealth: What to do with that unused wearable IoT medical device security calls for broader measures Tips for maintaining the security of biomedical devices Load More View All Problem solve PRO+ Content Find more PRO+ content and other member only offers, here. E-Handbook Virtual desktop technology mobilizes healthcare E-Handbook IoT for healthcare brings potential coupled with concerns E-Handbook For HIPAA-compliant cloud storage, weigh risks and set recovery steps Shaun Sutner asks: Why or why not is the Apple Watch useful in health IT? Join the Discussion Join the conversation 1 comment Send me notifications when other members comment. Add My Comment Register Login Forgot your password? Forgot your password? No problem! Submit your e-mail address below. We'll send you an email containing your password. Submit Your password has been sent to: By submitting you agree to receive email from TechTarget and its partners. If you reside outside of the United States, you consent to having your personal data transferred to and processed in the United States. Privacy Please create a username to comment. Oldest  Newest  [-] Shaun Sutner - 18 Nov 2016 2:41 PM Why or why not is the Apple Watch useful in health IT? Add My Comment Cancel   -ADS BY GOOGLE Latest TechTarget resources Compliance CIO Cloud Computing Mobile Computing Security Storage SearchCompliance Mitigating insider threats remains a major cyber concern Expert panelists at the Cambridge Cyber Summit briefed the audience on some of the steps that organizations should implement for ... Lack of cybersecurity standards leaves election process vulnerable Hackers continue to exploit vulnerabilities in the U.S. political technology, highlighting the need for cybersecurity standards ... FAQ: What are the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield compliance requirements? In this SearchCompliance FAQ, learn details about how the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield data protection requirements strive to raise ... SearchCIO MIT CFO Summit: A lesson in change from GE CFO The message from the MIT CFO Summit: Get out of the office and embrace change. Also in Searchlight: Facebook and Google crack ... Key IT metrics: A CIO guide As technology and the business evolve, so do IT metrics. In this Essential Guide, learn how to navigate KPIs, IT investment and ... Hindered by legacy IT systems, Texas CIO forges a way ahead Over half of the roughly 4,000 business applications in use by the state of Texas are classified as legacy IT systems. CIO Todd ... SearchCloudComputing Managing a cloud resource pool for hybrid environments Cloud sprawl negatively affects enterprises by increasing IT costs and lowering efficiency. And with hybrid clouds, in particular... Implement multifactor methods of authentication for public cloud Multifactor authentication is a critical step for securing IT apps and resources. Explore options for enabling and managing this ... Kubernetes support signals Switzerland play for Azure Container Service Azure Container Service isn't picking sides in the debate about orchestration, adding Kubernetes support and offering more ... SearchMobileComputing Citrix ShareFile updates let businesses ditch paper processes Citrix will roll out a few ShareFile updates on its web app that allow users to request approvals and e-signatures on digital ... Key factors to consider when making an EMM software purchase Enterprises must look at many organizational factors when purchasing EMM software. Learn the most important decision points in ... COPE devices bring big benefits to IT IT shops that support corporate-owned, personally-enabled devices will find that the management process is the same as BYOD, but ... SearchSecurity White House confirms it warned Russia about election hacking The White House has confirmed that it warned the Russian government about potential election hacking in communication before the ... Congress floats last-chance bill to delay Rule 41 changes Just two weeks before the deadline, U.S. lawmakers seek to postpone until next summer the acceptance of controversial updates to ... DLL code flaw marks the latest Symantec vulnerability News roundup: The latest chapter of Symantec's security struggles involves a high-severity DLL code flaw. Plus, Dyn attacker ... SearchStorage WD ActiveScale P100 joins HGST Active Archive System Western Digital introduced an entry-level ActiveScale P100 object storage system for users with lower scalability needs than its ... Seagate ClusterStor HPC includes CS300N for Lustre, GPFS file storage Seagate claims the ClusterStor 300N system achieves 16 Gbps per box and 112 Gbps per 42U rack, with Nytro intelligence ... Virtual Instruments buys Xangati, expands VirtualWisdom Virtual Instruments acquires Xangati for its networking and virtualization monitoring expertise. The company plans to integrate ... About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertisers Business Partners Media Kit Corporate Site Contributors Reprints Archive Site Map Answers E-Products Events Features Guides Opinions Photo Stories Quizzes Tips Tutorials Videos All Rights Reserved, Copyright 2009 - 2016, TechTarget Close
null
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « China Warns Tech Companies at World Internet Conference in China that "Nothing outweighs National Security" | Main | Apple Files for iOS 10 Trademarks in the UK and Hong Kong Covering iMessages Feature 'Tapback' and more » November 18, 2016 The Patent behind the New Accurate GPS System in Apple Watch Series 2 Surfaces   The new Apple Watch Series 2 introduced built-in GPS that Apple notes can record precise distance, speed and pace while you're walking, running or cycling outdoors. Yesterday the patent behind this new GPS/GNSS system was published and is considered a patent fulfilled. The secret that provides greater GPS accuracy is discussed in the patent filing as being the addition of a new adaptive filter.   Apple notes in their patent filing covering the use of GPS that in some implementations, mobile devices such as an Apple Watch or iPhone use a GNSS receiver to provide speed measurements. The speed measurements can be used to determine distance traveled for navigation or fitness applications running on mobile devices. What Apple has now added to the Apple Watch Series 2 is something called an adaptive bandwidth filter (as noted in patent FIG. 3 below) that estimates pedestrian pace or speed more accurately than conventional pedometer or GNSS estimation methods.   Apple's patent application 20160334433 titled "Pedestrian Pace Estimation with Pace Change Updating" was filed in May 2015 and published yesterday by USPTO.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.       Posted by Jack Purcher on November 18, 2016 at 02:06 PM in 1. Patent Applications, Apple Watch + Other Wearables | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts The Touch Disease Class Action Lawsuit to Continue as the Lead Plaintiff Calls Apple's Latest Offer 'Pitiful' California Builder Creates Community Homes with Slick HomeKit Smart Home Packages Available Stephen Colbert Show Mocks Jony Ive and his new Design Book that Comes with the Latest Technology Called 'Touch Page' Apple Files for iOS 10 Trademarks in the UK and Hong Kong Covering iMessages Feature 'Tapback' and more The Patent behind the New Accurate GPS System in Apple Watch Series 2 Surfaces China Warns Tech Companies at World Internet Conference in China that "Nothing outweighs National Security" Apple Hires Wall Street Journal Reporter to become Apple's PR Director in China Samsung's Note 7 Crisis Causes Chaos in Korean Exports, Dropping in Half in October Apple Formally Acknowledges the iPhone 6 Plus 'Touch Disease' Issue and Offers Customers with this Problem Some Relief Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Applications Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
HOME LATEST NEWS NEWSLETTERS SEARCH   LATEST NEWS FOR SUNDAY NOVEMBER 20 iPhone Touch Disease Much Worse than Apple Admits So Apple has finally fessed up to the existence of the much-dreaded "Touch Disease" -- but users will tell you it's worse that Apple admits, and they aren't happy about the company's plan to deal with it. Trump's Victory Sparks Downloads of Encrypted Chat App Signal A campaign rocked by e-mail hacks followed by the victory of a candidate who wants to increase government surveillance has sent Americans to new corners of the Internet. iPhone Users: Apple Saves Your Call History to iCloud Apple Admits to iPhone Touch Disease Google Hits Pixel Resellers with 'Digital Death Sentence' Intel Launches Nervana Artificial Intelligence Platform CLOSE   NEWS TOPICS TECH TRENDS NETWORK SECURITY CLOUD COMPUTING HARDWARE APPLICATIONS MICROSOFT/WINDOWS COMMUNICATIONS CONTRIBUTED CONTENT APPLE/MAC MOBILE TECH WORLD WIDE WEB BIG DATA CHIPS & PROCESSORS GOVERNMENT CRM SYSTEMS PERSONAL TECH TRENDING TOPICS APPLE SECURITY CYBERCRIME MICROSOFT GOOGLE DATA CENTERS ANDROID TELECOM MALWARE FREE NEWSLETTERS (NEW) News & Product Reviews for Tech Leaders TOP TECH NEWSCIO TODAYDATA STORAGE TODAYMOBILE TECH TODAY HOMETECH TRENDSNETWORK SECURITYCLOUD COMPUTINGHARDWAREAPPLICATIONSMICROSOFT/WINDOWSMORE MORE ON THIS SITE: COMMUNICATIONS CONTRIBUTED CONTENT APPLE/MAC MOBILE TECH WORLD WIDE WEB BIG DATA CHIPS & PROCESSORS GOVERNMENT CRM SYSTEMS PERSONAL TECH TRENDING TOPICS: Apple  ・  Security  ・  Cybercrime  ・  Microsoft  ・  Google  ・  Data Centers  ・  Android  ・  Telecom  ・  Malware DIGITAL LIFE iPhone Users: Apple Saves Your Call History to iCloud Posted November 18, 2016 EARLIER Google Disappointed by South Korean Refusal on Mapping Data THIS STORY iPhone Users: Apple Saves Your Call History to iCloud LATER iPhone Touch Disease Much Worse than Apple Admits YOU ARE HERE:   HOME DIGITAL LIFE THIS STORY Support every customer. Anytime. Anywhere. NEWS OPS By Shirley Siluk. Updated November 18, 2016 9:57AM SHARE ALSO SEE Apple iPhone Data Security Privacy iCloud Mobile Apps FBI Top Tech News Apple customers can sync a lot of the data on their devices to iCloud, but some information is being backed up in a way they might not be aware of and can't control: their iPhone call logs. Moscow-based digital forensics firm ElcomSoft reported yesterday that it discovered Apple was automatically uploading iPhone call logs into iCloud for users running iOS 8 and up on their devices. What's more, users have "no official way" to turn off those backups, which include information about incoming, outgoing, missed and rejected calls, according to the company. ElcomSoft said the discovery has implications for the privacy of iPhone users. Apple has publicly fought law enforcement efforts to unlock iPhones connected to investigations, noting that it does not have access to customer passcodes that would allow it to do so. However, user data stored in iCloud is easier for third parties -- whether law enforcement or hackers -- to access. Only Fix 'Greatly Affects' Usability In its announcement yesterday, ElcomSoft said that Apple could store iPhone call logs on its servers for months. The company added that the only way that users can disable the syncing feature is by disabling iCloud completely on their devices, which would greatly affect usability. "Automatic cloud sync of call logs is great if you know about it and have an option to shut it off," ElcomSoft CEO Vladimir Katalov said in a statement. "While Apple works hard to improve security of their physical devices, they move more and more data into the cloud where law enforcement can easily obtain it." In a blog post about the discovery yesterday, ElcomSoft's Oleg Afonin added that iCloud data is "very loosely protected, allowing Apple itself or any third party with access to proper credentials extracting this information. Information stored in Apple iCloud is of course available to law enforcement." Apple's Privacy Battles Since the rollout of iOS 8 in September 2014, Apple devices running that operating system and later versions have been encrypted by default. That means only the owner -- and not Apple -- has the passcode to unlock the device. Just a few months after the release of iOS 8, Apple's stance on customer privacy became the focus of a hard-fought legal battle with the Federal Bureau of Investigation. Following a mass shooting in San Bernardino, Calif., in December 2014, the FBI sought to force Apple to help it unlock an iPhone that had been used by one of the shooters. However, Apple fought that effort in court, contending that the request to create an "FBiOS" could leave millions of its other customers' devices vulnerable to hacking. The FBI eventually turned to a third part that unlocked the iPhone in question without Apple's help. However, officials still want Apple to help them unlock numerous other phones connected to state and federal investigations. In its legal process guidelines, Apple said it "does not have access to a user's passcode but, depending on the version of iOS that the device is running, may be able to extract some data from a passcode locked iOS device running iOS 4 through iOS 7 with a valid search warrant." Afonin noted yesterday that iPhone users have reported other problems with syncing, such as receiving missed call notifications for a spouse's phone using the same Apple ID. A user with more than one iPhone should "consider disabling iCloud Drive on one device (don't mix it up with iCloud; iCloud Drive is available elsewhere and can be disabled separately from iCloud)," Afonin said. "This way you'll prevent call sync without affecting things such as iCloud Photo Library or iCloud backups. You will, however, lose the ability to sync data across third-party apps that may use iCloud Drive to save their data." Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: Build Apps 5x Faster For Half the Cost Enterprise Cloud Computing On Force.com TOP OF THE NEWS SUNDAY NOVEMBER 20 iPhone Touch Disease Much Worse than Apple Admits So Apple has finally fessed up to the existence of the much-dreaded "Touch Disease" -- but users will tell you it's worse that Apple admits, and they aren't happy about the company's plan to deal with it. Election Sparks Signal Downloads   iPhone Call History Saved to iCloud   Apple: iPhone Touch Disease Real   Pixel Scalpers Banned from Accounts   Salesforce.com is the market and technology leader in Software-as-a-Service. Its award-winning CRM solution helps 82,400 customers worldwide manage and share business information over the Internet. Experience CRM success. Click here for a FREE 30-day trial. MORE IN DIGITAL LIFE User Fury Over iPhone Touch Disease Airbnb Challenges Tourism Industry Election Sparks Signal Downloads Gift Guide: Which Streaming Device? Apple: iPhone Touch Disease Real Next Article > INSIDE TOP TECH NEWS NETWORK SITES SERVICES BENEFITS TECH TRENDS NETWORK SECURITY CLOUD COMPUTING HARDWARE APPLICATIONS MICROSOFT/WINDOWS COMMUNICATIONS CONTRIBUTED CONTENT APPLE/MAC MOBILE TECH WORLD WIDE WEB BIG DATA CHIPS & PROCESSORS GOVERNMENT CRM SYSTEMS PERSONAL TECH CIO TODAY TOP TECH NEWS MOBILE TECH TODAY DATA STORAGE TODAY ABOUT OUR NETWORK FREE NEWSLETTERS ARTICLE REPRINTS CONTACT US PRIVACY POLICY TERMS OF SERVICE ADVERTISE WITH US PUBLIC RELATIONS (PR) SERVICES (In Partnership with NewsFactor) SEO SERVICES SPONSORED CONTENT SERVICES News & Product Reviews for Tech Leaders Copyright 2016 CIO Today Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.

CNET Reviews CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home CNET Smart Home CNET Smart Apartment Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español HolidayBuyer's Guide Here's a whole community of Apple HomeKit-powered smart homes California home builder KB Home wants to use Apple HomeKit's connected home controls to sell houses -- and it's unveiling the first "HomeKit-enabled community" to help make the sale. AronPhoto.com Here's a whole community of Apple HomeKit-powered smart homes 0 Smart Home by Ry Crist November 18, 2016 11:13 AM PST @rycrist Up Next Amazon could start dropping off packages inside your home Can smart-home tech help sell houses? One California homebuilder is betting that it can, with an entire neighborhood of new homes designed to play nice with Apple HomeKit. The home builder is KB Home, and the neighborhood is the Promenade at Communications Hill in San Jose, California -- just 20 minutes southeast of Silicon Valley. KB now offers an Apple HomeKit package with every home in the neighborhood, and even features a model home filled with HomeKit-compatible lights, locks, thermostats and more. In other words, welcome to the iNeighborhood. 10 Siri runs the smart home with these HomeKit-compatible gadgets (pictures) First announced in 2014, HomeKit is Apple's iOS-based platform for the connected home. It's really just a set of rules and protocols programmed into the software that powers iPhones, iPads, and Apple Watches. Smart home gadgets that follow those rules enjoy full compatibility with Apple's mobile devices, which lets users control them using Apple's Home app, or by using spoken Siri commands. Enlarge Image Houses in KB's Apple-friendly neighborhood start just north of $900K. Photo by Screenshot by Ry Crist/CNET And, if you're thinking of moving into the Promenade at Communications Hill, those HomeKit-friendly gadgets are now a big part of the sales pitch. It's the first community built around HomeKit, but not the first time we've seen big real estate try and tap into smart home tech to help close sales. Earlier in 2016, real estate franchise Coldwell Banker started selling "smart home staging kits" to clients trying to sell their homes. With recent studies showing that more and more Americans associate smart home tech with a move-in ready house, the kits are aimed at helping sellers keep up. KB Home is following a similar strategy here, and trying to stay ahead of the curve as analysts continue to project the potential for immense growth in the connected home. KB's HomeKit-ready homes won't come cheap. Pricing for a three-story, four-bedroom townhouse starts in the low $900,000s. Of course, this is California we're talking about, where real estate is expensive to begin with. A model house that's decked out with HomeKit-friendly tech is already open for tours, with several listings for the neighborhood live now. According to reports, the smart home packages will start at around $4,000, and include HomeKit-compatible lights, locks, thermostats, and ceiling fans, as well as an Apple TV and an iPad to control everything. A complimentary "concierge service" is also included for support needs. Share your voice 0 comments Join the conversation Tags CNET Smart Home Smart Home Apple HomeKit CNET First Take Apple HomeKit (iOS) Yes, you can already access various smart home products from your iPhone or iPad, but Apple's HomeKit software may have found a better way... if it ever officially launches. See it CNET Smart Home What better way to review smart-home tech than from a house meant for that exact purpose? Nov 19 Which flood sensors are worth your money? Nov 18 Here's a whole community of Apple HomeKit-powered smart homes Nov 17 Z-Wave smart-home gadgets announce new IoT security standards Nov 16 This speedy composter turns food one day into fertilizer the next All CNET Smart Home Stories Related Stories Which flood sensor should you buy? Brewing with Pico: The final batch 9 unusual things you should always pack when traveling Best smart home devices of 2016 Close   Discuss: Here's a whole community of Apple HomeKit-powered... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Amazon could start dropping off packages inside your home Which Apple Watch should you get? How to pick an Apple Watch, and why Series 1 is probably the best bet. by Scott Stein Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
The Spokesman-Review Menu Log in Register Obits E-edition Classifieds Customer Service The Spokesman-Review Home News Opinion Features Entertainment Sports Blogs Classifieds LocalRegionalIdahoNation/WorldVoices Business Health Elections Today's News Archives E-Edition Data Projects Local Guides Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Births Announcements Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Sitemap » OpinionLetters Features HomeFoodHealthBoomer U Spokane7.com Entertainment Calendar Movies Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Local area guides Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Sports HomeSportslink Blog High School Sports Outdoors EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Basketball WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire Blog Home Clarksville Editor's notes Extra Credit Eye On Boise Getting There Huckleberries Online On Tap Outdoors blog Photo blog Sirens & Gavels Spin Control Spokane 7 Spokane Valley SportsLink The Slice The Tech Deck Too Many Cooks Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Weddings Birthdays/Anniversaries GoShopping FEATURED » Reader photos S-R Podcast Gonzaga basketball WSU football Menu Search Contact Contact Sun., Nov. 20, 2016 39˚ Business In this 2014 file photo, a customer shows off the new Apple iPhone 6, right, and 6 Plus at a store in Tokyo. (Shizuo Kambayashi / Associated Press) FRIDAY, NOV. 18, 2016, 1:06 P.M. Got iPhone touch disease? Apple will fix it - for a price Andrea Peterson Twitter Facebook Email Reddit Apple is offering a fix for some iPhones stricken with “touch disease,” a problem in which a flickering bar appears at the top of a device’s display and its touch screen stops responding. The tech company will repair iPhone 6 Plus devices with the issue for $149, it announced this week. Apple says it will contact people who have already paid the company or an authorized service provider to fix the problem and reimburse them for the price difference. The problem is caused when devices are “dropped multiple times on a hard surface” and then face “further stress,” the company said. Repair tech site iFixit says the issue seems to be a design flaw: The placement of key touch-screen-related chips causes them to become dislodged “as the phone flexes or twists slightly during normal use,” the site said. “Touch disease” is also reported to affect regular iPhone 6 devices, but Apple did not immediately respond to an inquiry about whether it would be offering similar discounts on repairs for that model. In August, three California customers launched a federal class-action suit against Apple over the issue. That lawsuit has since expanded, and another suit was filed in Utah. The lawsuits allege that the company knew about the problem but failed to offer repairs. Now, at least some customers can have the problem fixed – for a price. Published: Nov. 18, 2016, 1:06 p.m.  Tags: Apple, business, iPhone 6 Plus, Technology Click here to comment on this story » ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Unlimited Digital Access Print edition home delivery Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2016, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Close Sections Home News Local News Regional News Idaho News Nation/World Business Community Voices Opinion Opinion Letters Features Features Home  Food Health Boomer U Spokane 7 Entertainment Calendar On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Movie Showtimes Contests Sports Sports Home  Outdoors Sportslink Blog Gonzaga Basketball High School Sports WSU Cougar Basketball EWU Eagles Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire GU Board EWU Eagles Football WSU Cougar Football Spokane Indians Blogs Blogs Home  Clarksville Editor's notes Extra Credit Eye On Boise Getting There Huckleberries Online On Tap Outdoors blog Photo blog Sirens & Gavels Spin Control Spokane 7 Spokane Valley SportsLink The Slice The Tech Deck Too Many Cooks Classifieds Obituaries Classifieds Homes Jobs Autos Weddings GoShopping E-Edition Sitemap Profile Log in Create account Customer Service Close Contact the Spokesman Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 Back to Spokesman Mobile
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video Surveillance camera compromised in 98 seconds Launch set for GOES-R satellite capable of 30-second weather updates Hyperloop One settles hangman lawsuit Three CEO confirms hack, 133,827 customers were exposed Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH AWS shines light on Virginia solar scheme EMC crying two SAN breakup tears HPE is creaming Dell in HPC Permabit pulls on Red Hat, opens arms for a Linux cuddle Windows cmd.exe deposed by PowerShell Microsoft ❤️ Linux? Microsoft ❤️ running its Windows' SQL Server software on Linux Mozilla launches 'privacy edition' Firefox... that phones home Alibaba misses Java seat as MicroProfile champ lands a first Surveillance camera compromised in 98 seconds Three to appear in court over TalkTalk hack Hackers' modular worm builder hoses popular team web chat apps Three Mobile, two alleged hackers, one big customer database heist The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Infrastructure as code: The road to continuous everything Microsoft's development platform today: What you need to know Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? Policy The Channel Hyperloop One settles hangman lawsuit Three CEO confirms hack, 133,827 customers were exposed Samsung flames out as Chinese march on Contracts trading personal data for digital content: Rights to remedy, redress required Why I just bought a MacBook Air instead of the new Pro Apple admits the iPhone 6 Plus has 'Touch Disease' Qualcomm taps Samsung to make next-gen 10nm Snapdragon Nokia's great lost smartwatch? #SavedYouALandfill SPB Geek's Guide Launch set for GOES-R satellite capable of 30-second weather updates Pluto has massive underground oceans, say astro-boffins Physicists have built the world's fastest quantum simulator NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things AI can now tell if you're a criminal or not Intel lays out its AI strategy until 2020 IoT upstart Sigfox gulps down €150m funding but falls short of target AI gives porn peddlers a helping hand Verity Stob Customer data security is our highest priori- ha ha ha whatever, suckers Here's how the missile-free Royal Navy can sink enemy ships after 2018 Searching for 'Fatty Kim the Third' banned on Chinese social media 'Post-truth' beats 'chatbot' to Word of the Year Crown More like this Macbook Pro Surface Personal Tech Why I just bought a MacBook Air instead of the new Pro One foot is out the door for this Apple customer 18 Nov 2016 at 20:37, Kieren McCarthy Kieren McCarthy Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Security , Iana, Icann, Fcc, Google Recent Articles Hyperloop One settles hangman lawsuit Why I just bought a MacBook Air instead of the new Pro The encryption conundrum: Should tech compromise or double down? Analysis For the past few weeks, this tech reporter has been tussling with a complex issue: which new laptop to buy. Just a month ago, this seemed like an exciting proposition: not only was Apple going to update its MacBook Pro line (at last), but Microsoft had gone all Apple on us and come out with some genuinely innovative products. It was the perfect time to upgrade. And yet, at the end of a lot of consideration, the decision made was to not go for the new stuff but plumb for the lower-power, older, and definitely no-longer sexy MacBook Air, a clean copy of which will be available to pick up next week. For some time Apple has been criticized – somewhat smugly – as having lost its innovative edge. But this Air purchase is, ironically, evidence that it is true and that too many years going in the wrong direction (or having no real direction) is starting to come back to bite the fruity one. The Air laptop is a stopgap. A very expensive stopgap but a stopgap nonetheless. This loyal Apple customer has one foot out the door and when he goes, a slew of other purchases from media players to software to streaming music services will go with him. Even the iPhone, sat gleaming in all its blackness, is ready for the chop. It's a 6. Didn't get the 6S; didn't want the incremental 7. If the 7S doesn't do something spectacular, then it's the Samsung Galaxy 8 or the Google Pixel. But back to the laptop. This article is currently being written on a MacBook Pro, 15-inch, mid-2009 model. Yes, you read that right, mid-2009. But much like Trigger's Broom, it has had some modifications: new memory (now maxed out at 8GB); a new 750GB hard drive; and a new battery. Genius With these additions, the computer has handled an enormous workload every day for years. It was only in the past few months that it finally started giving up: occasional crashes; the odd failing to start up properly. Even then, it was only when several keys stopped working and an Apple Genius told me how much the company would charge for a new keyboard that it became apparent it was time to retire this old workhorse. And so the full, absolute intent from that point was to get a new MacBook Pro. Maybe the 13-inch instead of the 15-inch. Improved screen resolution and the fact that the smaller version can probably handle the Photoshop use and occasional video editing were the two big factors. It would be nice not to lug around a 15-inch laptop. And then Microsoft came out with its new Surface. The Surface Book looked exactly right. Powerful yet portable and with a detachable tablet. Perfect. Not only does it offer touch-screen tech – which is often incredibly useful – but it would act as a replacement for the aging iPad which now only really serves a couch-movie machine. But wait. Apple is refreshing the MacBook Pro line. It won't actually say it is, of course. Rumors were that it would do so at its big September event; rumors that my old friend Alan was obnoxiously Apple about. It didn't do it. But then rumors started up again immediately after (Alan again refused to comment). So I held out. And then they launched... ...with the same spec as before and the Touch Bar. Even as the Touch Bar was being launched, the scene looked like a hilarious Apple spoof. A thin touchable strip across the top of the laptop? That's what you came up with after two years? An easier way to add f**king emojis? The strip looked kinda useful, but fiddly for Photoshop. But when the launch showed a DJ cramming his fingers into a tiny space above the numbers to mix a dance track, I couldn't help but imagine a scene where Steve Jobs came back to life with a big smile on his face, waited for the awfulness to end, and then tore a new one in every executive that had green-lighted this transparently awful idea. In five minutes, Apple went from cool to trying-too-hard Hip Dad. Even the DJ (Karim Morsy) was in his 30s. And as the all-white, near-retirement Apple execs tried to persuade the room that he had "killed it" with his music demo, the beautiful dream of a super shiny MacBook Pro to last the next seven years took a last, shallow breath, lay down, and died. One-finger DJing: so cooooool. And practical. This is really going to catch on with the kids Hands on So, I traipsed over to the Microsoft store in San Francisco to test out the new Surface Book (and have a play on the new Surface Studio). And, it is good. Really good in fact. But it has several factors that prevented an immediate purchase: the screen removal is a little clunky. It works fine but it's a little clunky. And when testing it by running multiple applications and then editing a picture in Photoshop, there was a small lag in the touchscreen which was... disconcerting. And then the price. It starts at $2,400 but when you spec it out with a 1TB hard drive and 16GB RAM, that leaps to $3,300. A hell of a lot of money. And so I head over to Apple's shiny new store on Union Square. Where they don't actually have any of the new MacBook Pros. Instead they have two models propped up on pedestals, surrounding by glass and with two security guards hovering by them. At this point, it dawned on me that Apple may have completely lost its mind. And that was before considering the fact that it only has USB-C ports. Get your dongles here! Three for the price of four! I specced out the 13-inch MacBook Pro and the price was $2,900. Still $400 less than the Surface – reduced to $100 if I traded in my old laptop (Microsoft is very keen to get people like me to jump ship). But that was still a lot of money for something that doesn't have next-level performance. There is no way that this new Pro is going to last seven years – for the simple reason that Apple doesn't want it to. The mid-2009 Pro was basically the last Apple laptop that let you do all the things that kept it running: new memory, hard drive, battery etc. From that point, Apple started locking the laptop down. With this new MacBook Pro, there is literally nothing you can change. You can't even change the memory. If you buy it with 8GB, that's it for you. No upgrade possible. And forget about beefing it up to 32GB in two years' time. And so with my trusty old laptop hanging on for dear life, this reporter went back and forth between the Surface Book and the MacBook Pro trying to figure out which offered the least-worst option. And the answer was simple: wait. Future Not wait to get a new laptop – I have to have one of those. But wait out the high-end. Microsoft has made a bold push with its machines, offering touchscreens and new pens and the new roundy-turny thing. It has also embraced 3D and VR in a way that Apple should have been all over last year. All the VR gear is running on Windows 10. And Microsoft wiped the floor with Apple in its 3D demo and new interfaces. If Microsoft keeps it up, tightens it up and gets that price down, it is going to get the next 7-10 years of business from this individual. Apple meanwhile has two years tops to pull itself out of its rut and get innovating. If the next launch doesn't have a mind-blowing spec and some serious 3D and VR capabilities, and if that Touch Bar doesn't become a Touch Pad or a touchscreen, I'm out. And out means no new AppleTV (the Roku is still better), no Apple HomeKit (Nest is killing it), no Apple iPad, and, yes, no Apple iPhone. What will be there is the $1,500 MacBook Air. It's a fabulously light, well-powered, well-specced laptop with the ports I need, that can do 85 per cent of what I need. And it is half the price. It is a symbol of Apple Past, when all the hype around product launches was real rather than a sad rendition of lost glory days. In the meantime, this workhorse is going to be taken off day-to-day duty and will be fired up only for video editing. If it dies next week, it will probably be replaced by an iMac 27-inch which, combined with the Air, will still cost the same as the new Pro. Apple still got the sale. But it has lost the loyalty. When the next purchase comes around, it will be a pure play with everything on the table. And even though this is the tale of a single person, I am willing to bet that the same process is going on right now with millions of customers across the globe. ® Sponsored: Magic quadrant for enterprise mobility management suites Tips and corrections 127 Comments More from The Register Did Apple leak a photo of its new Macbook Pro in an OS update? Our survey says: Yes Hidden image of product unearthed in latest Sierra 50 Comments New MacBook Pro beckons fanbois to become strip pokers Who needs an escape key when you've got high-res emoji buttons? 164 Comments Get another loan, fanbois, the new MacBook Pro and iMac are here Retina 5K gets crammed into latest Jony Ive desktop 25 Comments Want that awesome new Apple TrackPad? Don't get a MacBook Pro Don't try to repair it either, unless you want a gluey mess 24 Comments Force Touch tweak: Apple 15-inch MacBook Pro with Retina Display Review All’s well that Haswell? 36 Comments Apple quietly swaps out MacBook Retina displays to fix skin-peeling stains Put the f**king lotion in the basket! 31 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Public cloud guide When amazon Web Services oﬃcially launched in 2006 it was fulﬁlling a growing need for self-service computing. The dot-com era had come and gone. Securing Productivity in the Borderless Enterprise Before you transform your business with mobility services, you need to consider both the management and security challenges you’ll face from the combination of mobile devices and cloud-based apps. OpenStack brings agility to cloud platforms FICO needed an agile platform to provide its analytic cloud services to mid-sized businesses. Most read Three CEO confirms hack, 133,827 customers were exposed Why I just bought a MacBook Air instead of the new Pro Windows cmd.exe deposed by PowerShell Surveillance camera compromised in 98 seconds Hyperloop One settles hangman lawsuit Spotlight Virtual reality is actually made of smartphones Google may just have silently snuffed the tablet computer Brain plague or estate agents? I know which I'd prefer in Virtual Reality Self-stocking internet fridge faces a delivery come down The Facebook Fake News Moral Panic. Just a second... Customer data security is our highest priori- ha ha ha whatever, suckers NetApp's regeneration could be deep surgery or anti-wrinkle cream Facebook Telecom Infrastructure Project starts chucking rocks at mobile model Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Collapse Expand Home Shop News Reviews Features Opinions Photos Videos Gadget Guru Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Hubs Apple Android BlackBerry Google Microsoft Nokia Samsung Sony Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी Home Mobiles Mobiles News Apple, Citibank Team Up to Offer Up to Rs. 23,000 Cashback on iPhone, iPad Combo Purchase  Kunal Dua, 19 November 2016 Share on FacebookTweetShareShareEmailReddit Highlights Offer available only via select Apple-authorised resellers iPhone and iPad must be purchased on same day from same store Offer valid only on Citibank credit cards Apple and Citibank have partnered to offer a unique combo offer to customers looking to purchase both an iPhone and an iPad. Customers buying an iPhone 7 or an iPhone 7 Plus can get up to Rs. 23,000 cashback on purchase of an iPad. The offer also works in reverse - those buying an iPad, can get cashback up to the same amount if they buy either of the latest iPhone models. The Apple-Citibank iPhone-iPad combo offer will only be available via select offline Apple-authorised resellers. The important point to note is that the cashback is available only to Citibank credit card customers, according to offer documents accessed by Gadgets 360, the iPhone and the iPad must be purchased on the same day from the same store, using the same card, and the same mobile number should be provided at the time of purchase (if required).The offer kicked off on Friday and will last till 31 December 2016. Customers are eligible to perform a maximum of four such transactions during the offer period, with two transactions allowed each month. Customers buying an iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus will be able to get a cashback of Rs. 17,000 if they also buy an iPad mini 2 or an iPad mini 4; Rs. 18,000 if they buy an iPad Air 2; and Rs. 23,000 if they purchase any iPad Pro model. Additional instant in-store savings are also available - Rs. 2,800 on iPad mini 2 (effective price Rs. 2,100 after cashback and savings), Rs. 2,900 on iPad Air 2 (effective price Rs. 11,000), and Rs. 5,900 on iPad Pro 9.7-inch (effective price Rs. 21,000). Customers buying an iPad Pro can avail a cashback of Rs. 23,000 if they also buy an iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus; iPad Air 2 customers get Rs. 18,000 cashback on their iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus; and iPad mini 2/ mini 4 customers get Rs. 17,000 as cashback upon buying one of the latest iPhone models. These cash back amounts will be credited to the Citibank credit card within 90 days of purchase and are subject to terms and conditions mentioned earlier along with additional fineprint. Tags: Apple, Citibank, IPhone, Ipad Kunal DuaEmail Kunal Editor by day. Editor by night. Wannabe writer. Full-time cynic.More Google Pixel Offers, 'Indelible Ink Removal' Trends, Fake WhatsApp Video Calling Invites, and More: Your 360 Daily Huawei Mate 9 Lite With Dual-Lens Camera, 5.5-Inch Display Announced Apple, Citibank Team Up to Offer Up to Rs. 23,000 Cashback on iPhone, iPad Combo Purchase MESSAGE Kunal Dua Fields marked with * are mandatory From: *   Email:   Message: *   2000             Advertisement   In Mobiles and Tablets Latest Huawei Mate 9 Lite Vivo Xplay6 Vivo X9 Plus Vivo X9 Lyf Wind 7i OnePlus 3T Gionee S9 Vivo V5 Huawei Mate 9 Pro HTC Bolt Hyve Pryme Panasonic P71 Zopo Color F2 Motorola Moto M Lyf F8 Asus ZenFone 3 Max (ZC553KL) General Mobile GM5 Xiaomi Redmi 4A Xiaomi Redmi 4 Prime Xiaomi Redmi 4 Popular iPhone 7 Google Pixel Google Pixel XL Motorola Moto Z Moto Z Play Lenovo K5 Note Xiaomi Redmi 3s HTC 10 OnePlus 3 Moto G4 Xiaomi Mi5 Galaxy J7 2016 Redmi Note 3 iPhone SE Sony Xperia Z5 Micromax phones Samsung phones Android Phones Smartphones Google Phones From Gadgets 360 Shop » Yu Yureka Plus In Mobiles Buy Now Rs. 12,500Rs. 6,389 Panasonic Eluga Turbo In Mobiles Buy Now Rs. 13,999Rs. 7,999 Celkon Millennia Q599 Ufe... In Mobiles Buy Now Rs. 3,299 Moto G Turbo Edition In Mobiles Buy Now Rs. 14,499Rs. 9,549 OPINIONSALL AUTHORS Gopal Sathe UPI Could Help With the Cash Crunch - So Why Is No One Using It? Akhil Arora FIFA 17 The Journey: Why, EA Sports, Why? Kunal Dua MacBook Pro 2016 Is the Touchscreen Mac You've Always Wanted Advertisement Recent Free Wi-Fi in Bihar Colleges to Be Only for Studies, Not 'Other Purposes' These Students 'Fixed' Facebook's Fake News Problem in 36 Hours HP Rumoured to Launch Another Windows Phone Smartphone in 2017 LeEco and Coolpad Could Soon Launch ‘Cool' Smartphone With 6GB of RAM Nokia Confirms 2017 Return to Smartphones; Android Phones Launch at MWC? Datawind Launches Manufacturing Facility in Hyderabad Pokemon Sun and Pokemon Moon Now Available in Japan, US, and Australia Huawei Unveils the Mate 9 Lite With Dual-Lens Camera Get Up to Rs. 23,000 Cashback if You Buy iPhone and iPad on the Same Day This Possible Nintendo Switch Launch Game Sounds Absolutely Bizarre More News TRENDING Looking for an ATM Near You With Cash? These Apps and Websites Can Help OnePlus 3T, Vivo V5, WhatsApp Video Calling, and More News This Week Vivo V5 With 20-Megapixel Front Camera, Front Flash Launched in India The Best Smartphones Under Rs. 20,000 Vivo V5 First Impressions How to Get WhatsApp Video Calling Right Now Get Up to Rs. 23,000 Cashback if You Buy iPhone and iPad on the Same Day OnePlus 3T With Snapdragon 821 SoC, 128GB Storage Launched What Is Paytm Wallet, and How to Use It? People Went Crazy About This 'Anti-Smartphone'. Then This Happened. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2016. All rights reserved.
About us Advertise Newsletter Contact us A.I. Big Data Cloud Computing Fintech Infosec Internet of Things Martech Wearable Tech Beacons Flopped, But They’re About to Flourish in the Future Posted November 18, 2016 By CloudTweaks Cloud Beacons Flying High When Apple debuted cloud beacons in 2013, analysts predicted 250 million devices capable of serving as iBeacons would be found in the wild within weeks. A few months later, estimates put the figure at just 64,000, with 15 percent confined to Apple stores. Beacons didn’t proliferate as expected, but a few forward-thinking brands did dip their toes. Macy’s, Lord & Taylor, and Sephora deployed beacons to send in-store notifications. Tech-happy airline Virgin Atlantic used them to offer currency deals and deploy blankets to chilly passengers. For the most part, though, retailers scoffed at ahead-of-its time geotargeting tech. Despite their slow start, beacons are tottering on the edge of a renaissance. Apple and Google keep releasing updates to their beacon ecosystems and wallet platforms that allow many different types of integrations. Major retailers are starting to pay attention, and the barriers blocking beacons are now falling fast. Great (Unfulfilled) Expectations Beacons were expected to boom for good reason. Contextual relevance is the holy grail of digital marketing, and beacons deliver personalized information to passersby at opportune moments. (Image courtesy of Unsplash and the tremendous artists involved in the initiative)  When a connected shopper nears a store, the retailer’s beacon jumps to action. It supplies the customer with information, promo deals, and personalized offers. For the business owner, it paints a data-grounded picture of the shopper’s behavior and desires. Not bad for a small, inexpensive piece of connected hardware. But before beacons could strut their stuff, they were indelibly stained by privacy fears. Tamped down, too, by the costs and timelines of building the necessary infrastructure, beacons lost their steam. It’s unfortunate, but perhaps unsurprising. Concerns about security loom large in popular imagination. Consumers have long balked at being tracked by phone, and they’re not crazy about pop-up ads, either. Retailers, though, have since learned to throw in coupons or rewards, raising the share of shoppers amenable to beacons to 70 percent. Absent incentives, Oracle found just 23 percent of consumers were comfortable with the technology tracking their movements in store and online. Hardware lag also stymied beacons. Hardware adoption always moves more slowly than software, and — although it seems strange now — not everyone had a beacon-sensitive smartphone in 2013, nor did many retailers have the capacity to broadcast beacons. The fault, in part, lies with Apple. Estimote co-founder Steve Cheney notes that “nearly everything Apple does…works perfectly right out of the box,” but not iBeacons. Retailers couldn’t roll out beacons until developers learned to deploy and secure them at scale, gutting “within weeks” popularity predictions. Other limiting factors like network coverage were beyond Apple’s control. Networks were traditionally fragmented and closed, but they’re opening up fast. Beacons bombed in 2013, but 2016 is another year. Beacons require a huge, deployed network to be successful. Slowly but surely, that network has been getting implemented and is now about to hit a usable saturation point. Developers have done their digging. Smartphones abound, networks are broader, and Google has addressed the security problem. Beacons may be gone from the news cycle, but they’re popping up fast in stores. By the first quarter of 2016, 6.2 million sensors had been deployed globally. When the second quarter rolled around, 2 million more had popped up, bringing the global total to 8.27 million. At the current pace of installation, 400 million will be broadcasting globally by 2020. Beacon Leadership? In the coming years, we’ll see beacons broaden from brick-and-mortar retail locations to venues of all sorts. Sports, transportation, and banking establishments are also likely turf for beacons. Beacons offer deals and details now, but in the future, they’ll facilitate transactions. Customers will leave wallets at home in favor of smartphones. Purchases will be simpler, and context-conscious discounts will become part of the shopping experience. CVS Caremark, for example, uses Google Nearby to notify shoppers they can print in-store photos from their phones’ galleries. United Airlines’ app lets travelers access free entertainment before boarding, and The Broad, an art museum, offers patrons an audio tour. The possibilities for contextual enhancement are as diverse as businesses are themselves. Contextual Sports and Entertainment In sports and entertainment, venues will use beacons to engage attendees and manage tickets. With a ticket sales app, for example, an attendee will buy a ticket and download it to his digital wallet; the ticket will pop up when he arrives at the venue. Already, North American sports team have used proximity tech to regain $1 billion in lost ticket sales. Beacons will allow brands, teams, and musicians to push contextual information, deals on refreshments, and emergency notifications directly to fans’ smartphones. Tourism and transportation are obvious candidates for beacon technology. Apps that suggest events tailored to users’ interests and locations will help tourists explore sights free of interpreters or itineraries. So far, a beacon-infused app offers guided tours of the Berlin zoo; the University of Notre Dame uses Nearby to guide visitors to historical landmarks; and the MyStop service sends transport alerts in London, with plans to expand across the U.K. The banking sector, too, will find beacons attractive. Millennials — now the largest U.S. age demographic — seldom visit branch locations but retain attachments to them. Beacons may be the thing to finally bring Millennials in for that auto loan, mortgage, or retirement account. Citibank is testing beacons at select New York City locations, where customers use iPads to access enhanced ATMs for services typically provided by tellers. But with great power comes great responsibility. Businesses must ensure their offers present enough value to merit the interruption. To allay security fears, brands should give customers in-app options to disable beacon transmissions. Beacons may not change things like the smartphone or internet did, but they’re about to make shopping smoother, marketing more precise, and live events more engaging — and they may even help us ditch those annoying chip cards. By Tony Scherba Tony Scherba is the president and a founding partner of Yeti LLC, a product-focused development and design studio in San Francisco. Tony has been building software since his teen years, and he has led product development efforts for global brands such as Google, Westfield Labs, JBL, MIT, and Sony PlayStation. Author More Articles About CloudTweaks Established in 2009, CloudTweaks is recognized as one of the leading authorities in connected technology information and services. We embrace and instill thought leadership insights, relevant and timely news related stories, unbiased benchmark reporting as well as offer green/cleantech learning and consultive services around the world. Our vision is to create awareness and to help find innovative ways to connect our planet in a positive eco-friendly manner. In the meantime, you may connect with CloudTweaks by following and sharing our resources. The Lighter Side of the Cloud – Moody - November 18, 2016 Beacons Flopped, But They’re About to Flourish in the Future - November 18, 2016 Is Machine Learning Making Your Data Scientists Obsolete? - November 16, 2016 Technology Influencer in Chief: 5 Steps to Success for Today’s CMOs - November 7, 2016 Three Challenges of Network Deployment in Hyperconverged Infrastructure for Private Cloud - November 1, 2016View All Articles Cloud Computing, Contributors, Thought Leaders Leave a reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Identity and Access Management: Advancing to Meet the Changing Needs of Passwords and Governance Identity and Access Management The identity and access management market continues to grow in a wide variety of industries of all sizes. As has been much discussed in many headlines, this is primarily because of three main reasons: 1) It is much more cost effective to implement than in past years; 2) Solutions can be… Contributor Archive - Posted by Dean Wiech 5 Ways To Ensure Your Cloud Solution Is Always Operational Ensure Your Cloud Is Always Operational We have become so accustomed to being online that we take for granted the technological advances that enable us to have instant access to everything and anything on the internet, wherever we are. In fact, it would likely be a little disconcerting if we really mapped out all that… Contributor Archive - Posted by Allan Leinwand Three Tips To Simplify Governance, Risk and Compliance Governance, Risk and Compliance Businesses are under pressure to deliver against a backdrop of evolving regulations and security threats. In the face of such challenges they strive to perform better, be leaner, cut costs and be more efficient. Effective governance, risk and compliance (GRC) can help preserve the business’ corporate integrity and protect the brand,… Contributor Archive - Posted by Vidya Phalke Having Your Cybersecurity And Eating It Too The Catch 22 The very same year Marc Andreessen famously said that software was eating the world, the Chief Information Officer of the United States was announcing a major Cloud First goal. That was 2011. Five years later, as both the private and public sectors continue to adopt cloud-based software services, we’re interested in this… Contributor Archive - Posted by CloudTweaks Three Ways To Secure The Enterprise Cloud Secure The Enterprise Cloud Data is moving to the cloud. It is moving quickly and in enormous volumes. As this trend continues, more enterprise data will reside in the cloud and organizations will be faced with the challenge of entrusting even their most sensitive and critical data to a different security environment that comes with using… Contributor Archive - Posted by Allan Leinwand Three Factors For Choosing Your Long-term Cloud Strategy Choosing Your Long-term Cloud Strategy A few weeks ago I visited the global headquarters of a large multi-national company to discuss cloud strategy with the CIO. I arrived 30 minutes early and took a tour of the area where the marketing team showcased their award winning brands. I was impressed by the digital marketing strategy… Contributor Archive - Posted by Nick Earle Three Reasons Cloud Adoption Can Close The Federal Government’s Tech Gap Federal Government Cloud Adoption No one has ever accused the U.S. government of being technologically savvy. Aging software, systems and processes, internal politics, restricted budgets and a cultural resistance to change have set the federal sector years behind its private sector counterparts. Data and information security concerns have also been a major contributing factor inhibiting the… Contributor Archive - Posted by Vibhav Agarwal Adopting A Cohesive GRC Mindset For Cloud Security Cloud Security Mindset Businesses are becoming wise to the compelling benefits of cloud computing. When adopting cloud, they need a high level of confidence in how it will be risk-managed and controlled, to preserve the security of their information and integrity of their operations. Cloud implementation is sometimes built up over time in a business,… Contributor Archive - Posted by Vidya Phalke Cloud Services Providers – Learning To Keep The Lights On The True Meaning of Availability What is real availability? In our line of work, cloud service providers approach availability from the inside out. And in many cases, some never make it past their own front door given how challenging it is to keep the lights on at home let alone factors that are out of… Contributor Archive - Posted by Allan Leinwand Popular Article Archive Utilizing Digital Marketing Techniques Via The Cloud The Rise Of BI Data And How To Use It Effectively The Future Of Cybersecurity 4 Industries Being Transformed By The Internet of Things What Top SaaS Vendors Do To Ensure Successful Onboarding The Storytelling Machine: Big Content and Big Data Cloud Computing Is Greener Than You Think Teach Yourself The Cloud: Cloud Computing Knowledge In 5 Easy Steps Four Reasons Why CIOs Must Transform IT Into ITaaS To Survive Cost of the Cloud: Is It Really Worth It? Battling With Bandwidth – Average Cost of DDoS Attack Was $40,000 An Hour A New CCTV Nightmare: Botnets And DDoS attacks Cloud Computing Myths That SMBs Should Know Are Women Discriminated Against In The Tech Sector? Why Small Businesses Need A Business Intelligence Dashboard Moving Your Enterprise Apps To The Cloud Is A Business Decision Big Data Cloud Predictions 2017: Forrester Research Highlights 10 Trends Is Machine Learning Making Your Data Scientists Obsolete? Big Data Comes to Bear on Healthcare Progressions and Predictions of Marketing Technology Edutech Why Cloud Computing and Education Fit Hand in Glove Higher Education Institutions Increasing Cloud Use In Next 5 Years Infographic: 12 Interesting Big Data Careers To Explore How Secure Is Your School Campus Network? Fintech Tesco Bank Breach – Why Fintech Security Is Imperative Fintech Report: Financial Services Sector Growth Ouissam Youssef: The Value of a Vertical Market Orientation Big Data’s Significant Role In Fintech Infosec Cloud Predictions 2017: Forrester Research Highlights 10 Trends 5 Simple Tips to Make Strong and Robust Business Continuity Plans Is Machine Learning Making Your Data Scientists Obsolete? Big Data Comes to Bear on Healthcare IoT (Internet of Things) Combining IoT Gizmo Kits With Your 3D Printer The Lighter Side Of The Cloud – Direct Reporting Progressions and Predictions of Marketing Technology Data Management and the Internet of Things Wearabletech Combining IoT Gizmo Kits With Your 3D Printer The Lighter Side Of The Cloud – Direct Reporting The Lighter Side Of The Cloud – Zero Activity Embedded Sensors and the Wearable Personal Cloud CloudTweaks © 2009-2017 View Full Site Connect Contributor Network Comic Library Vendors Contact Us 38shares
Friday, November 18, 2016 [Tweets] [Favorites] Apple Storing iPhone Call History Kim Zetter (via Hacker News): Russian digital forensics firm Elcomsoft has found that Apple’s mobile devices automatically send a user’s call history to the company’s servers if iCloud is enabled — but the data gets uploaded in many instances without user choice or notification. […] The logs surreptitiously uploaded to Apple contain a list of all calls made and received on an iOS device, complete with phone numbers, dates and times, and duration. They also include missed and bypassed calls. Elcomsoft said Apple retains the data in a user’s iCloud account for up to four months, providing a boon to law enforcement who may not be able to obtain the data either from the user’s phone, if it’s encrypted with an unbreakable passcode, or from the carrier. […] It’s not just regular call logs that get sent to Apple’s servers. FaceTime, which is used to make audio and video calls on iOS devices, also syncs call history to iCloud automatically, according to Elcomsoft. The company believes syncing of both regular calls and FaceTime call logs goes back to at least iOS 8.2, which Apple released in March 2015. Dan Moren: Apple is syncing your calls between devices logged in with your Apple ID. In theory, this is no big deal: Apple says that the idea is if you’re logged in to your iPad and your iPhone, you can see the same call record in FaceTime on both of them. Miss a call on your iPhone? You can return it from your iPad. Makes perfect sense as a feature from Apple’s perspective. Rene Ritchie: The Information called it “secretly” and “surreptitiously”, but it’s not only wicked obvious why Apple is syncing call history, it’s fully disclosed in Apple’s security white paper. I’m not really bothered by this, but I would not say that it’s obvious that an item in the “Here’s what iCloud backs up” section is backed up even when iCloud Backup is off. If call history sync concerns you, you can disable iCloud Drive in preferences and it’ll stop. There are no separate iCloud Drive settings for Phone or FaceTime, so if this concerns you I guess your only option would be to disable iCloud Drive entirely, which is probably not feasible because it would break other apps. n8ter#AC: There is no option to turn it on or off. This makes it completely opaque to the user that this is being done. Also, the way the devices interact with this data can lead a user to believe this is not the case. If I clear my call log on my iMac, it doesn’t not clear it on my iPhone, and vice versa. In a Sync’d system, one would expect the data on all connected devices to mirror the Sync’d source, so changes are propagated across devices. This isn’t the case for Apple devices (in a number of situations), therefore it makes complete sense that it would seem obvious to someone that Apple is not doing this, especially with their heavy “focus” on letting users know that everything stays on their device and is done locally. Update (2016-11-18): McCloud: You know what else syncs with catastrophic results? RESETTING NETWORK SETTINGS. Reset my iPhone, my Mac went off the radar. Couldn’t SSH. FaceTime iCloud iCloud Drive iOS iOS 10 Networking Privacy Wi-Fi Comments Stay up-to-date by subscribing to the Comments RSS Feed for this post. Leave a Comment Name E-mail (will not be published) Web site ←  → Blog Archives Tag Cloud RSS RSS Comments Trackback Try my apps: DropDMG EagleFiler SpamSieve Copyright © 2000–2016 Michael Tsai.
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE Logitech Speakers, Keyboards, and Other Accessories Up to 70% Off Today Only [Deal] Tayasui Sketches Pro is Apple's Free App of the Week [Download] Apple is Throttling Performance of the Qualcomm iPhone 7 [Report] AT&T to Launch Its DirecTV Now Streaming TV Service on November 28th Late Show With Stephen Colbert Mocks $300 Apple Design Book [Video] Newly Discovered Trick Lets You Bypass iPhone Lockscreen and Access Contacts, Photos, More [Video] Claridge's Unveils 2016 Christmas Tree Designed By Jonathan Ive and Marc Newson [Photo] Here Are Some of Amazon's Black Friday Deals Ecobee3 Wi-Fi Thermostat With HomeKit Support is On Sale for 20% Off [Deal] Sony's Extra Bass Bluetooth Headphones Are On Sale for 56% Off [Deal] iHome Unveils Speakerphone Alarm Clock Radio With Charging Dock for iPhone and Apple Watch iFixit Posts Teardown of the New 15-inch MacBook Pro With Touch Bar [Photos] Nest App for Apple TV Lets You View Your Nest Cam Live Video Feeds Apple Asks Foxconn and Pegatron to Investigate Making iPhones in America as Donald Trump Becomes President Apple Announces Multi-Touch Repair Program for iPhone 6 Plus Apple Stores Your iPhone Call Logs in iCloud Even If iCloud Backups Are Turned Off [Report] Apple Posts New MacBook Pro Ad: Bulbs [Video] Apple to Integrate AR Into iPhone's Camera App? iPhone 7 Launch More Successful Than iPhone 6s Launch But Not as Great as iPhone 6 Launch [Report] Amazon Prime is Just $79 Today [Deal] iHome Unveils Speakerphone Alarm Clock Radio With Charging Dock for iPhone and Apple Watch LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted November 18, 2016 at 7:43pm by iClarified · 5255 views · Translate iHome has unveiled a new speakerphone alarm clock radio with a charging dock for the iPhone and the Apple Watch. The iHome iPLWBT5 supports a number of music sources including Apple Lightning and FM radio, Bluetooth streaming, USB audio, and aux-in. Additionally, the clock features a built-in microphone and advanced acoustic echo cancellation, helping both the near- and far-end user of a phone call hear clearly when used as a speakerphone. "iHome made its name more than a decade ago when it announced the industry's first alarm clock radio with integrated iPod dock, and even today with smartphones replacing portable music players, we remain committed to the category," said Evan Stein, Director of Marketing at SDI Technologies. "Since most Apple Watch owners have the latest iPhones, we integrated both Apple Watch and iPhone Lightning chargers on the iPLWBT5, making it convenient to charge two devices in one place; users may also now dock their iPhone with most cases." Features: ● Wake to Bluetooth audio, docked Lightning device, FM radio, built-in tones or buzzer ● Wirelessly stream music from Bluetooth-enabled devices ● Lightning Connector dock to charge and play iOS devices ● Integrated Apple Watch charger ● Speakerphone features include built-in microphone, digital voice echo cancellation and answer & end controls ● FM stereo radio with 6 preset station memories ● Dual alarms to wake to different sources at different times, 7-5-2 alarm schedule for everyday, work week and weekends ● Charge mobile devices via 1 Amp USB port ● Auto dimming display adjusts for ideal brightness ● Aux-in jack You can already purchase the iHome iPLWBT5 for $129.95. Read More Follow iClarified Comments (4) Add Comment anon - November 18, 2016 at 8:38pm All I see is 69% Reply · Like · Mark as Spam MUKAI - November 18, 2016 at 7:49pm I'm sure it has a horrid sound like all iHomes had. They don't even last which makes me prove it's iGarbage. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam :D - November 19, 2016 at 2:45am This is a rare instance that I would agree with you, iHomes suck ass Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Ke.x - November 19, 2016 at 5:13pm Is there anything that is not garbage? Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
Serious Eats> Recipes Techniques Features Thanksgiving Go Follow Us Menu Print 16 Festive Thanksgiving Cocktails You'll Truly Be Thankful For Rabi Abonour Profile Twitter Email 0 [Photographs: Elana Lepkowski] I celebrate Turkey Day with people who appreciate a good drink, so I always end up whipping up more than a few cocktails. I like taking the time to mix individual cocktails, but not everyone has the time—or desire—to spend all day behind the bar. Not to worry: We've got recipes to accommodate both the active and the passive drink-slinger. From a make-ahead smoky Scotch punch to a colonial-era-inspired Madeira sipper, we've got 16 Thanksgiving-appropriate cocktail recipes that'll let you enjoy your holiday as much as your guests will. Whiskey Triple Crown (Whiskey Sour Cocktail With Amaro) [Photograph: Vicky Wasik] You can be almost certain that there'll be a bottle of bourbon out at my place come Thanksgiving. This cocktail combines the whiskey with dark, bitter Amaro Montenegro, bittersweet grapefruit liqueur, and tart lemon juice to make an elegant, citrusy take on the whiskey sour. Get the recipe for the Triple Crown (Whiskey Sour Cocktail With Amaro) » Sparkling Bourbon Pear Cocktail [Photograph: Autumn Giles] If you have a lot of people coming over on Thanksgiving, you can save time by batching up the cocktail base ahead of time. This drink starts with a mix of bourbon, maple syrup, and roasted pear purée. Make it in the morning, stick it in the fridge, and once your guests arrive, simply pour it into glasses and top with chilled sparkling wine. Get the recipe for Sparkling Bourbon Pear Cocktail » Turkey and Sage Cocktail [Photograph: Autumn Giles] Three of Thanksgiving's classic flavors combine in this cocktail: pumpkin, sage, and wild turkey. Wild Turkey 101 bourbon, that is. The overproof whiskey is strong enough to stand up to the woodsy sage, and its caramel and vanilla notes pair well with a dollop of sweet pumpkin butter. Get the recipe for Turkey and Sage Cocktail » 9 Ladies Dancing Punch [Photograph: Elana Lepkowski] If you have a really big group coming to dinner this year, it may be a good idea to set out a large bowl of this festive punch. The base is a bottle of smoky blended Scotch, which is mixed with sweet and smooth Lustau East India Solera Sherry, chai tea, lemon juice, and a homemade vanilla-cinnamon syrup. Get the recipe for 9 Ladies Dancing Punch » 5-Spice Bourbon Punch [Photograph: Elana Lepkowski] The 9 Ladies Dancing Punch will serve a whole extended family; for a smaller gathering, try this four-serving pitcher drink. Made with bourbon, a savory five-spice-spiked syrup, tangy lime juice, and club soda, it's especially good if you live someplace where the weather is still warm come Thanksgiving. Get the recipe for 5-Spice Bourbon Punch » 100-Year-Old Cigar [Photograph: Vicky Wasik] This is more of a rum cocktail than a whiskey one, but it does have a quarter-ounce of Scotch. Choose something nice and peaty and mix it with a high-quality aged rum, bitter Cynar, herbal Bénédictine, and a single dash of Angostura bitters. We rinse the glass with absinthe for a little extra complexity. Get the recipe for the 100-Year-Old Cigar » Cider Apple Elixir [Photograph: Elana Lepkowski] Mulled cider is always a hit on Thanksgiving, but what if you want a cold cider drink? This cocktail is made with apple three ways: A spiced apple cider concentrate, Laird's Bonded Apple Brandy, and a few ounces of hard cider. We also squeeze in about half a lemon for balance. If you need even more apple flavor, garnish the drink with a slice of fresh or dried apple. Get the recipe for Apple Elixir » Tangy Cider Fizz [Photograph: Elana Lepkowski] This cocktail is relatively light on the booze, a plus if you're planning to drink all day. We start with fresh apple juice and spike it with fruity, complex Carpano Antica Sweet Vermouth. We also add a bar spoon of brown sugar and the juice from half a lemon before topping the drink off with club soda. Get the recipe for Tangy Cider Fizz » Sazerac and Cider [Photograph: Autumn Giles] This autumnal cocktail starts like a normal Sazerac, with rye whiskey, Peychaud's bitters, sugar, and an absinthe rinse. The traditional rendition is pretty boozy, though, so we soften it with a few ounces of hard cider. The apple pairs well with both the warming rye and the botanical-heavy absinthe. Get the recipe for Sazerac and Cider » Gin Smoky Sage Punch [Photograph: Elana Lepkowski] Thanksgiving isn't just about brown booze—this punch shows just how fall-friendly gin can be. We combine the botanical spirit with smoky lapsang souchong tea and aromatic sage syrup. Orange curaçao and oleo-saccharum lend it a citrusy sweetness. Get the recipe for Smoky Sage Punch » Date Martinez [Photograph: Elana Lepkowski] The Martinez is a lesser-known cousin of the martini, made with equal parts gin and sweet vermouth. This variation is sweetened with rich date molasses and finished with a few dashes of Peychaud's and an orange twist. Instead of sweet vermouth, we make the cocktail with dry amontillado sherry—its nutty flavor pairs wonderfully with the sweetness of the molasses. Get the recipe for the Date Martinez » Charred Lemon Gin Sparkler [Photograph: Autumn Giles] If you've never charred lemons before, you're in for a treat. Searing lemon halves mellows them out and gives them a caramel-like flavor. Here, we juice the charred lemons into a blend of gin, sugar, and rosemary to make a mixer that we serve with sparkling wine. Bruising the rosemary with the back of a wooden spoon brings out its aroma. Get the recipe for Charred Lemon Gin Sparkler » Wine and More Sparkling Apple Sherry Cocktail [Photograph: Elana Lepkowski] We're back to apples, this time in the form of diced fresh apple and Laird's Bonded Apple Brandy. We muddle the apple and mix it with the brandy, dry oloroso sherry, and sweet Mandarine Napoléon liqueur, then top with prosecco. If you can't find Mandarine Napoléon you can use Grand Marnier or a dry orange curaçao. Get the recipe for Sparkling Apple Sherry Cocktail » Shagbark's Sangaree [Photograph: Vicky Wasik] This drink is based on a colonial-era recipe for sangaree, the precursor to modern sangria. It's made with Madeira, a fortified wine common in the time of the Founding Fathers. Once you've got the right Madeira (look for a bottle labeled "Malmsey") all you have to do is shake it with simple syrup and lemon juice, and garnish with freshly grated nutmeg. Get the recipe for Shagbark's Sangaree » Tangy Cranberry-Black Pepper Shrub Cocktail [Photograph: Elana Lepkowski] Cranberries shouldn't just be limited to sauce—they're also great in cocktails. This pretty drink is made with a tart, slightly spicy cranberry-black pepper shrub that we mix with sparkling wine and orange bitters. The shrub can be made up to a month in advance, so it's great for minimizing the work you have to do come Thanksgiving day. Get the recipe for Tangy Cranberry-Black Pepper Shrub Cocktail » Sparkling Lemon-Suze Pitcher Cocktail [Photograph: Elana Lepkowski] If you really want to impress your guests, bring out a bottle of something they've probably never seen before: Suze. This bitter, floral, gentian-flavored French aperitif is a lovely sipper all on its own, but here we pair it with a lemon-sage syrup and top with Cava (or whatever dry sparkling wine you'd like). Get the recipe for Sparkling Lemon-Suze Pitcher Cocktail » More Thanksgiving Survival Guide Everything you need to know, from turkey recipes to wine pairings and beyond. SE Thanksgiving Header Guide to Thanksgiving 2016 Rabi Abonour Contributor Profile Twitter Email 0 Filed Under cocktail drink recipe roundup thanksgiving HIDE COMMENTS No comments, be the first! Thanks for commenting! Your comment has been accepted and will appear in a moment. ADD A COMMENT Comments can take up to a minute to appear - please be patient! PREVIEW YOUR COMMENT   HTML Hints Some HTML is OK: <a href="URL">link</a>, <strong>strong</strong>, <em>em</em> Comment Guidelines Post whatever you want, just keep it seriously about eats, seriously. We reserve the right to delete off-topic or inflammatory comments. Learn more in the Comment Policy section of our Terms of Use page. If you see something not so nice, please, report an inappropriate comment. HIDE COMMENTS The Frozen Jungle Bird: Frosty, Tropical, and Pure Tiki-Drink Fun The tastiest bites delivered to your inbox! Keep up with our latest recipes, tips, techniques and where to eat! More "cocktail" Meet Sangaree, the Easy-Drinking Madeira Cocktail That's Perfect for Thanksgiving Bitter, Bold, and Beautiful: 9 Negroni Variations for Cocktail Lovers This Bitter, Spicy Amaro Cocktail Is Like a Dark 'n Stormy for Weirdos acorn leaf leaf-sm 0 0 Days Until Thanksgiving! View our guide » Hide Countdown to Thanksgiving Welcome to our 2016 Thanksgiving planning guide. All month, we'll be bringing you tips and recipes to help you prepare a no-fuss, no-stress, all-around-perfect holiday dinner. Serious Eats The tastiest bites delivered to your inbox! Latest Masthead Contact About Advertise Jobs Sitemap FAQ Follow Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy © 2016 Serious Eats Inc.
News Sports Entertainment Life Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Real Estate Classifieds Site Archive Local church donates turkeys to families in need as part of Operation Gobble Friday Nov 18, 2016 at 12:09 PM Nov 18, 2016 at 12:09 PM Monica Solano Staff Writer @DP_MonicaInes APPLE VALLEY — For as long as he can remember, Donald De Baets and Our Lady of the Desert Catholic Church has been providing for families in need when the holidays arrive. “We’ve been doing this for years and years,” De Baets said. More than 70 turkeys and holiday baskets full of food were distributed to local families in Apple Valley Friday morning as the church and Golden State Water Company partnered together again for their annual Thanksgiving turkey giveaway. Each basket contained a full sized turkey and other holiday goodies such as potatoes, stuffing, canned vegetables and fruits, Jell-O, bread and more as over a dozen volunteers pitched in to ensure each basket had the right amount of “If it’s a bigger family, we always make sure to give them something a little extra,” De Baets said. De Baets and the church’s goodwill was part of Operation Gobble, a partnership spearheaded by Golden State Water that works to ensure every family will enjoy a traditional meal on Thanksgiving. Golden State Water’s program distributed more than 8,000 Thanksgiving turkeys throughout the month of November to nonprofit organizations that benefit local families and individuals with limited resources, according to the company. Since the program’s inception in 1990, Golden State Water has provided more than 216,000 turkeys through partnerships with elected officials and community organizations. “We’ve been getting everything ready throughout the last few months and we usually get a really good turnout for the occasion,” said volunteer Mary Martell. “Something like this makes me feel good in terms of helping others and seeing everyone come together to help.” Although collecting the food requires more time, Martell said she and the other volunteers begin filling all the food baskets the Monday before the event. Once the baskets are ready to go, preregistered families present a driver’s licenses or other identification to pick up their food. “I’ve been volunteering for the last four years and it just feels great to be able to help people, especially during the holidays,” said volunteer Steve Larsen. “For us as a church, it’s a privilege to be serving and loving on others who are most in need.” While several members stood outside the church to greet families and small children, others continued to unload boxes of turkeys from the Golden State Water truck, where it will be packaged into the remaining holiday baskets. “Golden State should really be the ones getting all the thanks. Without them we wouldn’t have the turkeys to give to the people,” De Baets said. Monica Solano can be reached at MSolano@VVDailyPress.com or at 760-951-6231. Follow her on Twitter @DP_MonicaInes. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2016 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Subscriber E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Samsung Takes a Big Hit in the Smartphone Market Chinese original equipment manufacturers are on the rise. Evan Niu (TMFNewCow) Nov 18, 2016 at 1:58PM This device has been a nonstop headache for Samsung. Image source: Samsung. South Korean conglomerate Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) already reported that third-quarter earnings took a massive hit following the global recall and subsequent discontinuation of the Galaxy Note 7. Operating profit in the company's all-important mobile division got crushed, falling an astounding 98% sequentially in the third quarter. For context, mobile operating profits comprised over half of total operating profit in the second quarter. So it's a pretty important business for Samsung. But Samsung does not disclose unit volumes, so investors have to rely on third-party estimates. Market researcher Gartner has put out its latest estimates on the smartphone market in the third quarter, and Samsung expectedly took a big hit in the wake of the Note 7 crisis. Survey says Samsung remains the No. 1 vendor, a title it has long enjoyed by a healthy margin in terms of unit volumes. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) saw some minor slipping, too, and Chinese original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) are really driving growth these days. Here are the top five players: Vendor Q3 2015 Units Q3 2016 Units Change (YOY) Samsung 83.6 million 71.7 million (14%) Apple 46.1 million 43 million (7%) Huawei 27.4 million 32.5 million 19% Oppo 11.9 million 24.9 million 110% BBK 10.4 million 19.9 million 90% Data source: Gartner. The combined market share of Huawei, Oppo, and BBK was about 21%, and those companies' strong performance helped the overall market grow by 5% to 373 million units. Samsung's 14% decline represented the company's worst performance ever, even worse than the 12% decline it saw in Q3 2014. The company's brand has been significantly tarnished by the Note 7, and it has a lot of work ahead of it to rebuild consumer trust. A successful Galaxy S8 launch will be critical to redeem itself. Apple continues to lose unit share, and its 11.5% market share is the lowest since early 2009, according to Gartner's figures. The researcher believes that units dropped 8.5% in the U.S. and a gut-wrenching 31% in China during the third quarter. Those are Apple's most important markets by far, combined representing nearly 60% of sales last quarter. If you're wondering why Gartner's estimate of 43 million differs from the 45.5 million iPhones that Apple officially reported, that's because Gartner measures sales to end users while Apple (and most companies) report based on channel sell-in. At the end of the third quarter, Apple had just launched the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus and was working to increase channel inventory. Gartner does not believe that the iPhone 7 is doing a lot to spur upgrades, either. Evan Niu, CFA owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple and Gartner. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Evan Niu (TMFNewCow) Evan is a Senior Technology Specialist at The Motley Fool. He was previously a Senior Trading Specialist at a major discount broker, and worked briefly at Tesla Motors. Evan graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, and is a CFA charterholder. Follow @TMFNewCow Article Info Nov 18, 2016 at 1:58PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $110.06 up $0.11 (0.10%) Samsung NASDAQOTH:SSNLF $1,250.00 no change (0.00%) Read More Apple Might Introduce OLED iPhones Earlier Than Expected Samsung's Nightmare May Not Be Apple's Dream Come True NVIDIA Corporation May Turn to Samsung for Graphics Chip Manufacturing Samsung Announces 10-Nanometer Production, Lags Taiwan Semiconductor Mfg. Co. Ltd. Winners and Losers of the Galaxy Note 7 Recall Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Circuit Breaker Apple Mobile Apple launches repair program for iPhone 6 Plus ‘touch disease’ flaw New, 57 comments Repairs cost $149 by Nick Statt@nickstatt Nov 17, 2016, 7:23pm EST share tweet Linkedin Apple has launched a new repair program for a widely reported on iPhone 6 Plus hardware malfunction known as “touch disease,” which renders the touchscreen useless and manifests as a thin grey line at the top the display. According to Apple, however, this flaw is caused by dropping the phone repeatedly. The company says it will not cover the cost of a repair and will ask those affected by the issue to pay $149 to have it fixed. That might not sit too well with the iPhone owners who filed class action lawsuits against Apple over the touch disease issue. “Apple has determined that some iPhone 6 Plus devices may exhibit display flickering or Multi-Touch issues after being dropped multiple times on a hard surface and then incurring further stress on the device,” the company writes on its website. “If your iPhone 6 Plus is exhibiting the symptoms noted above, is in working order, and the screen is not cracked or broken, Apple will repair your device for a service price of $149.” Apple says those who have already paid for a service repair related to the issue are eligible for reimbursement equal to the difference between the original service repair cost and the new $149 price. The company says it has begun contacting those who have already paid for such a repair, but urges customers who think they’re affected to reach out and contact Apple Technical Support to expedite the process. - Via: 9to5Mac - Source: Apple Next Up In Circuit Breaker This smart device sniffed my morning breath to check for gum disease These are some fancy iPhone corner protectors Get the Google Home speaker for $99 at Best Buy on Black Friday Daydream Nation Google is bringing Android app support to four more Chromebooks The Dashbot is a $49 gadget that turns your car into Knight Rider’s KITT Now Trending Black Friday 2016: All the best deals in one place MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: a touch of the future This Article has a component height of 5. The sidebar size is short. Loading comments... The Latest How to be human: everyone feels this insecure... right? by Leah Reich Leah Reich was one of the first internet advice columnists. Her column "Ask Leah" ran on IGN, where she gave advice to gamers for two and a half years. During the day, Leah is Slack’s user researcher, but her views here do not represent her... TL;DR Web Culture Home videos of 1990s Japan are the YouTube equivalent of a warm blanket by Russell Brandom@russellbrandom In 1990, Tokyo resident Lyle Hiroshi Saxon began filming video of his life. Most of his videos, which he’s graciously put on YouTube, are simple walking shots of train stations or city streets. You’ll get a few seconds of a group of businessmen,... TL;DR Gaming Watch This Pokémon’s emphasis on collaboration turned it into a global community by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak When Pokémon Go hit smartphones this summer, it was an unprecedented hit. It broke records in app stores, caused floods of people to converge in public parks, and might even become a movie. The game was an impressive demonstration of the... New, 0 comments Watch This Entertainment Essay Arrival’s director also made Enemy, a movie that argues history will repeat itself by Kaitlyn Tiffany French-Canadian director Denis Villeneuve premiered his first two English-language films in 2013. One was the blockbuster psychological thriller Prisoners. The lesser-known, Enemy, is a moody, enthralling nightmare of a movie that seems to be... New, 0 comments Transportation Cars GM Chevy’s Bolt EV to have limited availability in 2016, with wider rollout next spring by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak General Motors had long been planning to release its all-electric Chevy Bolt before the end of 2016 — and it will, but only in California and Oregon. Wider availability — basically the rest of the country — will need to wait until 2017 says The... New, 9 comments Tech Transportation Cars BMW reportedly ends its self-driving car partnership with Chinese tech giant Baidu by Andrew J . Hawkins@andyjayhawk Splittsville Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
News Feature articles Blog posts Podcasts Shortbread Forums Apple offers $149 fix for iPhone 6 "touch disease" by Wayne Manion  2:05 PM on November 18, 2016 Apple iPhone 6 Plus owners suffering from flickering displays or inconsistent multi-touch response finally have official recourse, though the service will hit affected iPhone owners in the pocketbook. Apple published a new page on its support site with guidelines for repair of what independent repair shops have been calling "Touch Disease." Apple avoids the use of this turn of phrase, but the fix doubtless involves the repair of a touch controller chip that can come loose from the logic board. Owners will have to shell out $149 to have their phones fixed. Apple shirks responsibility for the problem, suggesting that the issue is brought about by "being dropped multiple times on a hard surface and then incurring further stress on the device." For now, only iPhone 6 Plus owners are eligible for any company-assisted repairs, though iFixit says iPhone 6 handsets are also affected to a lesser extent. Forbes reports that the problem is widespread and that several class action lawsuits have been filed over the issue. Owners who have already paid for these repairs can file a claim with Apple for reimbursement of any payment in excess of the $149 manufacturer repair price. The repair is not offered for phones with broken or cracked screens. Some owners are upset about the costly repair in light of previous Apple campaigns to repair common issues on older iPhone models free of charge. Tags: Mobile computing Mac Register | Remember me View options x Subscriber options: E-mail me when people reply to my comments Comment sorting order: Flat, chronologicalNo threading. Oldest comments shown first, bulletin-board style. Flat, reverse-chronologicalNo threading. Newest comments shown first. Processing... Saved! Loading... View full site Copyright ©1999-2016 The Tech Report. All rights reserved.
TechRepublic Search GO CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation More Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out TechRepublic Search GO Topics: CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out Security Apple encryption war continues: NY DA requests 400 iPhones be unlocked The New York district attorney recently released a report calling for smartphone manufacturers to create operating systems that allow them to more easily access user data. By Conner Forrest | November 18, 2016, 10:55 AM PST RSS Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus Image: iStockphoto/Wachiwit In its war for encryption, Apple just found its latest battleground: New York. On Thursday, the Manhattan District Attorney's Office released an updated Report on Smartphone Encryption and Public Safety, calling for Apple (and others) to return to operating systems that would allow the company to access the data, and make it easier to serve warrants for that data. The report opens by explaining Apple's shift to stronger security with the introduction of iOS 8 in September 2014. The key feature of the security updates in this version of iOS is that it would eliminate Apple's ability to access and extract user data, even if it was ordered to do so, the report said. The following statement from Apple was cited on the report: "Apple cannot bypass your passcode and therefore cannot access this data. So it's not technically feasible for us to respond to government warrants for the extraction of this data from devices in their possession running iOS 8." SEE: Apple demands to know how FBI cracked San Bernardino iPhone Of course, other tech companies then pursued similar measures in their own way, and this was a problem for law enforcement. According to the report, making that data more difficult to extract "would pose a significant risk to public safety, because it would allow law breakers, be they international terrorists or domestic criminals (e.g., thieves, fraudsters, drug traffickers, identity scammers) to plot, coordinate, arrange, recruit and conspire, without fear of law enforcement discovering their tracks." The report's release coincided with the opening of the Manhattan DA's new cyberlab. In the report it was revealed that New York has 423 iPhones and iPads confiscated during investigations into crimes such as homicides, larceny, drugs, and sex crimes. The report went on to give examples where device data was used to solve crimes in the past and called for federal legislation to "address the problem of smartphones whose contents are impervious to search warrants." More about IT Security The 20 biggest tech disasters of all time Interview with a hacker: S1ege from Ghost Squad Hackers Subscribe to TechRepublic's Cybersecurity Insider newsletter One of the core arguments for legislating that OS manufacturers make their software more friendly to warrants was that it would not require a federally-mandated backdoor into the system. Additionally, the report said, it wouldn't make smartphone users any less safe. "Default device encryption does not meaningfully increase smartphone users' protection from unauthorized hackers, and requiring the smartphone manufacturer or software supplier to maintain a key to the smartphones would not imperil those users," the report said. Of course, the public conversation around encryption came into the national spotlight during Apple's standoff with the FBI over the data on an iPhone used by the San Bernardino shooter Syed Farook. The FBI was eventually able to unlock the phone with help from an outside source, which seemed to take the focus off of the topic for a while. Now, it's back on center stage. The issue presented by the FBI unlocking the phone apart from Apple proves that the data extraction isn't impossible. However, using a third party could be more expensive, and take more time. The New York DA's call for legislation to limit the use of certain security measures brings about important matters that need to be discussed in corporate IT departments. Managers and administrators need to have conversations about what it means if your IT department is asked to decrypt something for an investigation. Companies should develop a set of guidelines to determine how they will approach such situations, and how their IT employees should handle them. SEE: Encryption Policy Template (Tech pro Research) Bob Gourley, co-founder of the cyber security consultancy Cognitio and former CTO of the Defense Intelligence Agency, said that this is not just something that should be left up to legislators and product vendors, though. "Civilized society must make some key decisions here," Gourley said. "Humanity has already decided murder, kidnapping and other violent crime is bad and must be stopped. Now, humanity must decide if we want to give criminals more advantage in the digital age. This report goes a long way in helping inform the debate we should all be participating in." On an individual level, there is a balance that must be struck between privacy and security, said John Pironti, president of IP Architects. "If individuals want to protect their rights to privacy and security they have to be willing to accept that law enforcement may not be able to effectively support or protect them in their time of need," Pironti said. The 3 big takeaways for TechRepublic readers The New York district attorney recently released a report asking for legislation that would require smartphone OS developers to return to systems that make it easier for the manufacturer to extract user data. The legislation would then make it easier for governmental organizations to serve warrants for data to be used in criminal investigations. Much like Apple's previous battle with the FBI over encryption, the New York DA's report raises some concerns about user privacy regarding smartphone communications. Stay informed, click here to subscribe to the TechRepublic Cybersecurity Insider newsletter. Subscribe Also see Apple/FBI saga: The only winners may be cybercriminals (TechRepublic) Apple iPhone, iPad iOS 9 security flaw lets malicious apps sneak onto enterprise devices (ZDNet) WWDC 2016: Apple to require HTTPS encryption on all iOS apps by 2017 (TechRepublic) New York DA vs Apple encryption: 'We need new federal law to unlock 400 seized iPhones' (ZDNet) Apple vs. FBI: TechRepublic members speak out, side with Apple (TechRepublic) Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus About Conner Forrest Conner Forrest is News Editor for TechRepublic. He covers startups and enterprise technology and is passionate about the convergence of tech and culture. Full Bio Contact Disclosure See all of Conner's content Google+ connerforrest × Disclosure Conner Forrest has nothing to disclose. He doesn't hold investments in the technology companies he covers. × Full Bio Conner Forrest is News Editor for TechRepublic. He covers startups and enterprise technology and is passionate about the convergence of tech and culture. Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Editor's Picks IBM Watson: The inside story Rise of the million-dollar smartphone The world's smartest cities The undercover war on your internet secrets Free Newsletters, In your Inbox Tech News You Can Use We deliver the top business tech news stories about the companies, the people, and the products revolutionizing the planet. Delivered Daily Subscribe Best of the Week Our editors highlight the TechRepublic articles, galleries, and videos that you absolutely cannot miss to stay current on the latest IT news, innovations, and tips. Delivered Fridays Subscribe Latest From Tech Pro Research Travel and business expense policy Project prioritization tool: An automated workbook IT leader’s guide to the future of artificial intelligence System monitoring policy Services About Us Membership Newsletters RSS Feeds Site Map Site Help & Feedback FAQ Advertise Reprint Policy Explore Blogs Downloads TechRepublic Forums Meet the Team Tech Pro Research Resource Library Photos Videos © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement A ZDNet site | Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBS InteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundClickerCNETCollege NetworkGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTech Pro ResearchTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Apple is reportedly trying to move iPhone manufacturing to the US New, 95 comments by Chaim Gartenberg@cgartenberg Nov 18, 2016, 2:51pm EST share tweet Linkedin James Bareham Apple is reportedly asking its manufacturing partners to investigate moving iPhone production to the United States, according to the Japanese newspaper Nikkei. According to the report, sources claim that Apple has approached Foxconn and Pegatron, the two manufacturing companies that are largely responsible for assembling iPhones. Foxconn is apparently exploring the possibility, while Pegatron has elected to decline due to cost concerns. According to the Nikkei, Apple made the request to explore moving manufacturing to its partners in June, prior to President-elect Donald Trump’s victory in the recent election. But despite that, this report has to be considered in light of Trump’s comments regarding Apple earlier this year. Trump has repeatedly suggested that Apple move its manufacturing back to the US. His most recent comments were made in January at a talk at Liberty University where Trump said, “We're gonna get Apple to start building their damn computers and things in this country, instead of in other countries." Trump has repeatedly suggested that Apple move its manufacturing back to the States Moving iPhone production overseas would likely be a pricey endeavor, with Nikkei sources claiming that it would increase production costs by nearly 50 percent, which makes sense given that the vast majority of Apple’s part suppliers are already located in Asia. Motorola also tried to move smartphone manufacturing to America, but the experiment ended in 2014 when Motorola closed the factory due to costs. Apple has made some efforts in bringing hardware production back to America in the past — most notably, the Mac Pro in 2013, when the company invested over $100 million dollars to jumpstart production — but relocating iPhone manufacturing to the United States would be a move of a vastly different scale. More From The Verge Sand's End Facebook won’t call itself a media company. Here’s how it can still support journalism Trump’s chief strategist Steve Bannon suggests having too many Asian tech CEOs undermines ‘civic society’ Facebook's Like button is a built-in filter bubble Your life will be a video game Supported By Consider the PS4 Pro before you buy that expensive gaming PC Now Trending Black Friday 2016: All the best deals in one place MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: a touch of the future This Article has a component height of 5. The sidebar size is short. Loading comments... The Latest How to be human: everyone feels this insecure... right? by Leah Reich Leah Reich was one of the first internet advice columnists. Her column "Ask Leah" ran on IGN, where she gave advice to gamers for two and a half years. During the day, Leah is Slack’s user researcher, but her views here do not represent her... TL;DR Web Culture Home videos of 1990s Japan are the YouTube equivalent of a warm blanket by Russell Brandom@russellbrandom In 1990, Tokyo resident Lyle Hiroshi Saxon began filming video of his life. Most of his videos, which he’s graciously put on YouTube, are simple walking shots of train stations or city streets. You’ll get a few seconds of a group of businessmen,... TL;DR Gaming Watch This Pokémon’s emphasis on collaboration turned it into a global community by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak When Pokémon Go hit smartphones this summer, it was an unprecedented hit. It broke records in app stores, caused floods of people to converge in public parks, and might even become a movie. The game was an impressive demonstration of the... New, 0 comments Watch This Entertainment Essay Arrival’s director also made Enemy, a movie that argues history will repeat itself by Kaitlyn Tiffany French-Canadian director Denis Villeneuve premiered his first two English-language films in 2013. One was the blockbuster psychological thriller Prisoners. The lesser-known, Enemy, is a moody, enthralling nightmare of a movie that seems to be... New, 0 comments Transportation Cars GM Chevy’s Bolt EV to have limited availability in 2016, with wider rollout next spring by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak General Motors had long been planning to release its all-electric Chevy Bolt before the end of 2016 — and it will, but only in California and Oregon. Wider availability — basically the rest of the country — will need to wait until 2017 says The... New, 9 comments Tech Transportation Cars BMW reportedly ends its self-driving car partnership with Chinese tech giant Baidu by Andrew J . Hawkins@andyjayhawk Splittsville Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share

TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Competitions GPS & Sat Nav Mobile Apps Mobile Phone Accessories Mobile Phones Tablets Wearables & Fitness Trending: iOS 10 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / Mobile Phone News / Is Apple throttling the 4G speeds of some iPhone 7 models? Is Apple throttling the 4G speeds of some iPhone 7 models? by Chris Smith 18 November 2016 0 shares Read Comments If you have an iPhone 7 running on the Verizon Wireless network in the United States then your device may not be living up to its fullest 4G potential, reports have claimed. According to Bloomberg sources Apple may be deliberately tempering the speeds of the Verizon iPhone 7 models so they don’t make the AT&T version look bad. Related: iPhone 7 vs Galaxy S7 In theory the Verizon model should be much faster than its rival’s due to the presence of a Qualcomm LTE modem compared with the Intel modem within AT&T's phone, but tests have shown little difference. Now researchers are suggesting Cupertino may be have chosen not to enable certain features of the iPhone’s network chip to keep AT&T’s models on an even playing field. “The data indicates that the iPhone 7 is not taking advantage of all of Verizon’s network capabilities,” said Twin Prime’s Gabriel Tavridis. “I doubt that Apple is throttling each bit on the Verizon iPhone, but it could have chosen to not enable certain features of the network chip.” Apple said there’s no discernible difference between network performance, but did not address whether this was by design. “Every iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus meets or exceeds all of Apple’s wireless performance standards, quality metrics, and reliability testing,” said Apple spokeswoman Trudy Muller. “In all of our rigorous lab tests based on wireless industry standards, in thousands of hours of real-world field testing, and in extensive carrier partner testing, the data shows there is no discernible difference in the wireless performance of any of the models." Video: iPhone 7 vs 7 Plus Why would Apple hold back performance when it would surely love to be able to boast 4G speeds? Well it doesn’t want to create the sense that some versions of its phone are superior, according to Jan Dawson or Jackdaw Research. "They don’t want one version to get the reputation that it is better," he said. "If Apple had a guiding principle it’s that they want to make sure customers were having a consistent performance.” As a Verizon subscriber would you be annoyed if this proved true? Share your thoughts below. Watch The Refresh: The best tech gossip and reviews every week Latest Deals From Ebay Apple iPhone 7-128GB-GSM UNLOCKED-USA Version-Apple Warranty-BRAND NEW $709.99 View Item Apple iPhone 7-32GB-GSM UNLOCKED-USA Version-Apple Warranty-BRAND NEW $619.99 View Item Apple iPhone 7 - 128GB - Jet Black (Sprint) Smartphone *BRAND NEW SEALED* 4 bids $640.00 View Item 0 shares Read Comments Phil November 18, 2016, 8:26 pm This is ridiculous, part of the experience that people are paying for is network quality. That's part of why you choose a network, for coverage, speed, cost, etc. It's not for Apple to interfere with this part of the marketplace and they're depriving another company of a way to differentiate itself within the marketplace. It's a disgraceful business tactic and if I was the company being disadvantaged by this I'd be taking them to court. fried_egg November 19, 2016, 12:53 pm I can't talk for the USA market but I can look at it from the UK market... and networks sell themselves on their performance.. E.G EE with it's up to 24mbps 4G, upto 60mbbs "double speed" & upto 150 (but likely 90) 4G+ services that other 4G networks can't or find hard to match... if the network is "charging" for their premium speed offers, should the hardware maker "slow them down" so as to create a "level" consistent "experience" for their phone users ? I would expect Apple to be sued for degrading a service being paid for if they did it in the UK Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2016, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Health & Fitness Food & Wine Fashion & Beauty Parenting Relationships Home & Design Travel Celebrity Home» Life Often, starting over in a career means starting from scratch, with tasks you may have done many years earlier. ‘You need to have some tenacity,’ one midlife career changer observes. (istockphoto/Getty Images) Often, starting over in a career means starting from scratch, with tasks you may have done many years earlier. ‘You need to have some tenacity,’ one midlife career changer observes. (istockphoto/Getty Images) How to design your own midlife career change Add to ... Dave McGinn The Globe and Mail Published Thursday, Nov. 17, 2016 12:24PM EST Last updated Friday, Nov. 18, 2016 1:56PM EST Comments Print / License AA By middle age, you’ve been punching a clock long enough to know what work you love – and what jobs you’d do anything to avoid. Maybe one has morphed into the other, and the work you once enjoyed just doesn’t do it for you any more. That’s not the bind it used to be: While earlier generations may have held only a few jobs over their lives, a Workopolis report from 2014 found that Canadians can expect to hold 15 jobs in their lifetimes. Change is the new normal. Some people embrace it – 59 per cent of adults and 73 per cent of professionals in their 30s in the United States are interested in a career change, according to a 2015 survey out of the University of Phoenix School of Business. The prospect of beginning anew can be daunting, but two former Apple employees want to help. Since 2010, Dave Evans, who led the design of Apple’s first mouse, and Bill Burnett, a former program manager at the tech giant, have taught a Stanford University class called Designing Your Life. Their main argument is that the path to happiness isn’t the old hippie adage to “follow your bliss,” but instead to “think like a designer” – learning to see problems from new angles, then testing out solutions collaboratively. Related: Stuck in a rut? How to navigate a career change Read more: Is a midlife career change a retirement killer? It has become one of the most popular classes at the school, so popular that droves of middle-aged men and women have sought out Burnett and Evans for career advice. There are still many doubters. “A lot of people have this dysfunctional belief that ‘Oh, wait a minute. I’m 40, it’s too late. I can’t change. I’ve got the house, I’ve got the kids, I’ve got the mortgage. Even if I want to change, I can’t,’ ” Burnett says. Evans says it’s wrong to think their design-based solutions apply only to new graduates. “It’s really for anybody who thinks the rest of their life is important to them and they haven’t got it all figured out yet,” Evans says. “That turns out to be just about everybody.” The two put have put their philosophy into a new book, Designing Your Life: How to Build a Well-Lived, Joyful Life. Much of it concerns career satisfaction – for all ages. The key is following three core principles. Reframe Some people may begin by daydreaming about their ideal job, singular. Instead, Burnett and Evans say, try coming up with three different “Odyssey plans” of what your life could look like over the next five years – a time frame that’s long enough to make significant accomplishments but not so long that the commitment becomes too daunting. “Designers never come up with one right answer,” Evans says. “They come up with lots of ideas.” Each plan should reflect a different journey for your life. The first should be centred on something already in mind, whether it’s advancing in your current job or pursuing the dream you’ve always had. The second plan is whatever you would do if the first plan was gone – if you had to make a living without that first option, what would you do? Melanie Jantzie of Calgary found her career in technology sales was too stressful and not giving her enough time at home with her two children. “I thought, let’s figure something out that I can do that is fulfilling to me and that I enjoy and that I’ll be challenged by but also allows me to be on point for the home,” she says. Jantzie didn’t know exactly what else she might enjoy, so she enrolled in a financial planning course, largely because she found the subject interesting. “It was something that I had always done in the house anyways, and I had a business degree,” she says. “If I hated it, it was still going to be good knowledge for me to have personally.” That was six years ago. She has been a financial planner ever since. For your third “Odyssey plan,” go for it – whatever it is you would do if money or your personal image were no object. Evans offers one caveat: Once you make a final decision on a new career, commitment is essential. “When you make a choice, if you want that choice to work, you actually have to let go of the options you didn’t choose,” he says. Prototype In the design world, “prototyping” means building models to help understand a problem. When Burnett and Evans recommend a “prototype conversation,” what they really mean is network. “Find somebody who is doing the thing you think might be interesting and before you commit yourself to doing it, talk to them,” Burnett says, adding that you should aim to have at least half a dozen of these kinds of talks. That resonates for Susan Hess, who found herself trying to re-enter the work force at the age of 34 in 2014, after 14 years spent raising her family full-time. Her dusty résumé as a call centre manager hardly had phones ringing off the hook. Even worse were the words of a recruiter. “They basically said I would have to start from the bottom again,” recalls Hess, who lives in Toronto. Yet in a way, the news was liberating: Since she had to start from scratch, Hess decided to choose something she would love. She had imagined being a nurse since she was a child, and she had nurses in her ex-husband’s family, so she was familiar with the profession. But that wasn’t the end of her research. One day, she overheard a woman at Starbucks talking about finding jobs for nurses. “I kind of nosed my way into it,” Hess recalls. A long conversation about going back to school to become a nurse ensued and this year, she will graduate with a degree in nursing. Her advice to those making a midlife career choice? “You need to have some tenacity and some courage,” she says. Get moving “A great way to get stuck is to think about it,” Evans says. He and Burnett advocate adopting a “bias to action,” designer-speak for prioritizing acting on a problem rather than simply pondering it. Like most design processes, it needs to be incremental. Small steps could include volunteering for an organization in an interesting field, attending relevant conferences or shadowing someone in your desired profession, the authors say. Often, those small steps can completely change a person’s mind. “We have students who want to be doctors and they go and shadow a doctor and they come back and go, ‘I don’t want to be a doctor. That’s nothing like what I thought it was,’ ” Evans says. Bias to action helps to solve the problem most common to people who are considering changing careers: fear. “There’s a real fear of failure, a fear of the unknown,” says Dianne Hunnam-Jones, a district president at recruitment firm Robert Half. “They’re worried that they are going to be the partner who is dragging their feet. And [they worry], ‘Is it going to be that much different than what I’m in now? Am I just an unhappy person or is it anything to do with my job?’ ” Many of the people Burnett and Evans see fret so much about change that they never actually begin to take whatever small steps might lead to not only a better job but a better life. “It’s just the fear of getting started,” Evans says. Report Typo/Error Follow Dave McGinn on Twitter: @Dave_McGinn Also on The Globe and Mail Former oil sands exec launches new career as fashion designer (CP Video)   More Related to this Story Halftime 40/40 Hindsight: Anne Merklinger reflects on her fifth decade Halftime Why it’s time to drop the myth of the ‘midlife crisis’ Halftime 40/40 Hindsight: Alia Hogben reflects on the decade Comments Print / License AA Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} In the know BABAD'S WEEKEND The loonie's disappearing act TRAVEL The Globe Skiing Travel Guide: From our own backyard to ... Slovenia? Report on Business What are the best professions for working past age 65? Life My husband refuses to quit smoking. How can I pressure him to stop? Life What motivates someone to become a forensic pediatric pathologist? The Globe Recommends {{title}} Most popular videos » News Justin Trudeau attends 'incredibly beautiful, lavish' state dinner News Jon Stewart says Donald Trump a 'repudiation of Republicans' News Bernie Sanders 'deeply humiliated,' wants "profound change" in Democratic Party Sports Runner hit by deer during race Arts Video: Hear O Canada sung in a range of languages with the Toronto Symphony Orchestra News 'Hamilton' cast delivers message to VP Pence Life Take sauerkraut and sausage to the next level Life Globe Style shows you how to wear knits this fall Life Watch this: Florida boy saves his baby brother from nasty fall Life Coconut products: Do they really stand up to the nutritional hype? Technology Light therapy helps treat ailing bees in study Report on Business The revival of Keystone XL is not vital: Auspice Capital CEO ◀ ● ● ● ▶ Highlights Report on Business Theme park creator undertakes its most thrilling design yet – its own headquarters Sports How Sean Foley can be your own personal golf coach for a year More from The Globe and Mail Report on Business Nov. 19: Insanity? Opportunity – letters to the ROB editor Arts When Hamilton actor appealed to Mike Pence, theatre showed its strength Most popular Premier Kathleen Wynne promises to win back Ontarians’ trust, calls high electricity prices her ‘mistake’ Nov. 20: Your lookahead horoscope How a B.C. couple’s struggle with addiction ended in deadly fentanyl overdoses When Hamilton actor appealed to Mike Pence, theatre showed its strength The loonie's disappearing act X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Copyright 2016 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 444 Front St. W., Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5V 2S9 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. x Customize your reading font XS S M L XL The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog
Skip to content Military Technologies pr @ satprnews.com Top 6 Vendors in the Wearable Payment Market from 2016 to 2020: Technavio LONDON–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Technavio has announced the top six leading vendors in their recent global wearable payment market report. This research report also lists 16 other prominent vendors that are expected to impact the market during the forecast period. The global wearable payment market is likely to grow at a CAGR of 59.44% to reach USD 227.91 billion by 2020. Wearable devices such as smartwatches by Apple provide mobile payment options through its Apple Pay mobile payment gateway. Mobile payment through wearable devices is the latest trend in the payment industry. Wearable payment is gaining high traction in developed and developing countries. The use of fitness bands such as UP4 by Jawbone is not limited to fitness-based programs and apps. They also allow users to make payments with a tap of the wrist. In April 2016, Jawbone announced to launch the NFC chip-enabled UP4 fitness band in collaboration with American Express. It will allow users to tap and pay directly from the wrist. Competitive vendor landscape The global wearable payment market is highly competitive because of the presence of many players. Intense competition, consumer spending patterns, demographic trends, and frequent changes in consumer preferences are significant risk factors for vendors. Vendors are competing based on the availability of apps, product differentiation, digital content, portfolio, and pricing. During the forecast period, the competition will become more intense with the increase in product extensions. “Vendors are investing in planning, designing, developing, acquiring new players, and expanding existing facilities. Technological innovations and creativity play a significant role in driving the market growth. To sustain in the competitive market, vendors have to develop new ideas and technologies and stay up-to-date with the emerging technologies that could influence the service lines,” says Ujjwal Doshi, a lead internet and e-commerce analyst from Technavio. In 2015, Apple Pay and Samsung Pay together accounted for more than 70% of the market. In February 2015, Apple Pay reported having 12 million monthly users. Both, Samsung Pay, which was launched on August 20, 2015, and Android Pay, which was launched on September 11, 2015, had 5 million users each. Request a sample report: http://www.technavio.com/request-a-sample?report=54414 Technavio’s sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report including the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more. Top six wearable payment market vendors Apple Apple is one of the highest revenue-generating IT companies that offers mobile devices, OS, PCs, related software and applications, and peripherals. Some of the major product offerings of the company include iPhone, iPad, iPod, Mac, iTunes, software and services, and accessories. It offers its OS, iOS, and OS X; various application software services including iWork and iLife; and Apple TV. Jawbone Jawbone is one of the leading providers of consumer technology and wearable devices, building hardware products and software platforms powered by data science. Jawbone’s UP system provides personalized tracking of activities like sleeping, moving, and eating. The company has over 600 patents granted or pending related to wearable technology manufacturing processes. It offers the UP app that is compatible with all the UP range devices as well as with mobile platforms like iOS, Android, and Windows. Google Google is a global technology company that manufactures various products and provides various services for organizing information. The company operates its business through a wide range of sectors and industries, focusing on search, advertising, enterprise, OS and platforms, and hardware products. Online advertising is the primary source of revenue for the company. It also generates revenue by selling hardware products. The company provides services in more than 100 languages and in more than 50 countries worldwide MasterCard MasterCard is a technology company in the payment industry that connects many consumers, financial institutions, businesses, merchants, and governments worldwide. It allows them to use electronic modes of payment instead of cash and checks. The company facilitates the processing of payment transactions, including authorization, clearing and settlement, and delivery-related products and services. It has a wide range of payment solutions and services including MasterCard, Maestro, and Cirrus. Samsung Electronics Samsung Electronics manufactures home appliances, semiconductors, telecommunication products, and digital media products in South Korea and internationally. The IT and mobile communications segment is sub-segmented into mobile communications, networks, and digital imaging. Samsung Electronics has sold approximately 400 million mobile devices worldwide. The mobile communications segment focuses on providing smartphones, cellphones, and telecommunication systems. Its network business provides next-generation network infrastructure and solutions with advanced technologies. The digital imaging business provides innovative smart digital cameras. Visa Visa is a technology company that connects a large number industries and users. Some of these end-users include businesses, governments, and financial institutions in more than 200 countries and territories. The company is a provider of digital wallet solutions that offers a secure cross-channel digital wallet and a range of customized mobile payment services. The digital wallet can store Visa and non-Visa accounts, support NFC payments, and deliver a wide range of financial transaction services. Browse Related Reports: Do you need a report on a market in a specific geographical cluster or country but can’t find what you’re looking for? Don’t worry, Technavio also takes client requests. Please contact enquiry@technavio.com with your requirements and our analysts will be happy to create a customized report just for you. About Technavio Technavio is a leading global technology research and advisory company. The company develops over 2000 pieces of research every year, covering more than 500 technologies across 80 countries. Technavio has about 300 analysts globally who specialize in customized consulting and business research assignments across the latest leading edge technologies. Technavio analysts employ primary as well as secondary research techniques to ascertain the size and vendor landscape in a range of markets. Analysts obtain information using a combination of bottom-up and top-down approaches, besides using in-house market modeling tools and proprietary databases. They corroborate this data with the data obtained from various market participants and stakeholders across the value chain, including vendors, service providers, distributors, re-sellers, and end-users. If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at media@technavio.com. Author Anna ChmielewskaPosted on November 18, 2016November 18, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: Diamond Resorts International Announces Executive Chef and Restaurateur Adrianne Calvo as a Celebrity Ambassador Next Next post: Investment in OpenStack Accelerates as Foundation Welcomes China Telecom, Inspur and ZTE as Gold Members Search for: Search Recent Posts Top Five Best Golf Balls Buyers Guide Advances Review List Released Unbiased Inbox Blueprint 2.0 Review Causes Worldwide Discussion, as Exclusive Bonus Introduced by Steve Baker Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor: Transgender Day of Remembrance Cultural exchange becomes spotlight on 3rd WIC Canadian Entreprenuer expands business empire Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 Categories Space Flight Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Military Technologies Proudly powered by WordPress
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Review: Koogeek Smart Plug is a simple, inexpensive, WiFi HomeKit device to get started with Siri home automation Trending in Apple Comment: Given the ultra-low repairability of the new MacBook Pro, I’m getting AppleCare this time Trending in Apple Send in the Clones: If Apple doesn’t want to innovate the desktop Mac, it should let others Trending in Apple Hands-on impressions: 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple MacBook Pro Diary: I’ve come to terms with the fact that it’s the end of the line for upgradable MacBooks Trending in Apple Comment: Apple selling a $79 MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable is a step too far November 18 AAPL: 110.06 0.11 Homebuilder offers first Apple HomeKit accessory package for new homebuyers Jordan Kahn - 2 days ago @JordanKahn HomeKit View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Homebuilder KB Home today announced that it will be first to offer a new “smart-home package” for homebuyers that will offer houses equipped with Apple HomeKit-enabled smart accessories. The homes, available initially in a couple of developments from KB Home in California, will include HomeKit accessories for lighting, door locks and other security features, allowing buyers to control everything with their iPhones, iPads, Apple Watch and Siri. The company’s press release doesn’t offer any info on specific accessories that will be installed or available to buyers as options, but it does note some potential use cases: Apple’s Home app delivers a simple and secure interface to manage HomeKit-integrated home automation products in one place, allowing homeowners to connect and control their environment whether at home or away. For example, the Home app allows users to set customized scenes, such as “Leaving Home,” which could turn off lights, lock the doors, and lower the thermostat. MercuryNews notes that the package starts at $4000 and includes an iPad and Apple TV (either of which is needed for remote access). The company has a model home where interested homebuyers can demo the tech, and it’s currently selling houses starting in the $900,000s at its Promenade at Communications Hill development near San Jose. It also plans to make the new HomeKit package available for homes at its Magnolia at Patterson Ranch development in Fremont. Guides HomeKit HomeKit is Apple's home automation framework that lets you control connected accessories from your iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch, and even Siri. View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Daniel Acker/Bloomberg Apple's Chip Choices May Leave Some iPhone Users in Slow Lane Ian King More stories by Ian King and Scott Moritz @MoritzDispatch More stories by Scott Moritz November 18, 2016 — 11:27 AM EST November 18, 2016 — 11:27 AM EST IPhone 7 on Verizon performs well below capability, tests show Some iPhones use Intel modems, rather than Qualcomm chips It turns out not all iPhone 7s are created equal. The latest Apple Inc. smartphones that run on Verizon Communications Inc.’s network are technically capable of downloading data faster than those from AT&T Inc. Yet in testing, the two phones perform about the same, according to researchers at Twin Prime Inc. and Cellular Insights. Neither firm is clear on the reason, but Twin Prime says it may be because Apple isn’t using all the potential of a crucial component in the Verizon version. “The data indicates that the iPhone 7 is not taking advantage of all of Verizon’s network capabilities,” said Gabriel Tavridis, head of product at Twin Prime. “I doubt that Apple is throttling each bit on the Verizon iPhone, but it could have chosen to not enable certain features of the network chip.” “Every iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus meets or exceeds all of Apple’s wireless performance standards, quality metrics, and reliability testing,” Apple spokeswoman Trudy Muller said. “In all of our rigorous lab tests based on wireless industry standards, in thousands of hours of real-world field testing, and in extensive carrier partner testing, the data shows there is no discernible difference in the wireless performance of any of the models." It would be an unusual step for a major phone company to restrain its devices. Normally, companies battle to make the fastest, most reliable handsets. Apple may be doing this because it wants to ensure a uniform iPhone experience, according to analysts. "They don’t want one version to get the reputation that it is better," said Jan Dawson, founder of technology advisory firm Jackdaw Research LLC. "If Apple had a guiding principle it’s that they want to make sure customers were having a consistent performance.” But the move could backfire if customers realize their device isn’t performing to its full potential, or that it’s less capable than other handsets, analysts said. "This may not impact the fanboys, but it may make other consumers think twice about buying an Apple phone, especially if they think they might be purchasing a sub-standard product," said Jim McGregor, an analyst at Tirias Research. The firm does paid analysis for smartphone suppliers, including Qualcomm Inc. and Intel Corp. The component at the root of the performance gap is the modem, a tiny chip buried deep inside a phone’s innards that turns wireless signals into data and voice. The iPhone 7 is the first Apple phone for several years to have versions with different modems. Verizon users get an iPhone 7 with Qualcomm’s latest X12 modem -- capable of downloading data at up to 600 megabits per second. AT&T customers get a handset with an Intel modem that tops out at 450 megabits per second. Apple likely went with multiple suppliers to keep component costs in check. In field tests by Twin Prime, the Verizon version is a little faster than its AT&T stablemate -- but not as fast as it could be. The firm proved this by doing the same tests on the Samsung Galaxy S7, which also runs on Verizon’s network and uses the Qualcomm X12. The S7 was about twice as fast as the iPhone 7 running on the same network with the same modem chip, Twin Prime found. This was based on data from more than 100,000 phones downloading an image in large U.S. cities. Qualcomm’s X12 is capable of dealing with more channels of data simultaneously than its Intel rival, according to a report by Milan Milanovic, an analyst at Cellular Insights, which tests phones and networks. Apple didn’t enable this feature "to level the playing field between Qualcomm and Intel,” Milanovic wrote. Cellular Insights tests phones in labs with equipment that can vary the strength of the signal, basically approximating a phone moving from good coverage to poor coverage. The differences in performance between the handsets Milanovic tested were greatest when the phone signal was weakest, he said. Exclusive insights in your inbox, from our technology reporters around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology. Sign Up Business Your guide to the most important business stories of the day, every day. You will now receive the Business newsletter Politics The latest political news, analysis, charts, and dispatches from the campaign trail. You will now receive the Politics newsletter Markets The most important market news of the day. So you can sleep an extra five minutes. You will now receive the Markets newsletter Pursuits What to eat, drink, wear and drive – in real life and your dreams. You will now receive the Pursuits newsletter Game Plan Advice nobody tells you about getting ahead at work, school and life. You will now receive the Game Plan newsletter Twin Prime and Cellular Insights have no relationships with chip makers, phone makers or wireless carriers. Four other network testing firms contacted by Bloomberg News said measuring phone data speeds is difficult because performance can be influenced by weather and other factors beyond the control of wireless providers and phone makers. Though none of these other firms disputed the findings of Twin Prime and Cellular Insights. Happy Carriers In addition to creating a unified iPhone 7 user experience, leveling the playing field would also keep wireless carriers happy, according to some industry analysts. “Apple likely has some incentive to balance the performance of its iPhones across its U.S. operator partners," said Jeff Kvaal, an analyst with Instinet LLC. "It would be difficult, for example, to explain to AT&T, which remains the U.S. carrier with the most iPhone subscribers, why Verizon is offering a superior product." Representatives of AT&T, Verizon, Qualcomm and Intel declined to comment. Companies that "de-feature or go with a less-advanced modem" may be left behind as the networks offer faster data speeds, Qualcomm CEO Steven Mollenkopf said in a recent conference call, without naming specific firms. Qualcomm vs. Intel Apple is in this situation because it chose different modems for the latest iPhone. By pitting Intel against Qualcomm, the company may be trying to improve its negotiating position on price. Qualcomm’s modems have for years been almost ubiquitous in high-end smartphones, including iPhones. Intel has struggled to break into this market and has used subsidies to try to win share in mobile. Sacrificing performance in return for cheaper components may not go down well with Apple users.  "It was probably multiple factors that drove that decision. But in the end, it was a bad decision," said McGregor. "It is really hard to argue for doing this because Qualcomm really does have the best modem technology." Still, many users may not realize their iPhone is different from their friends’ iPhones. And even if they do, they may decide Apple isn’t responsible. Most consumers blame their wireless service provider when a phone doesn’t work well, Milanovic said. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Trump Says Ford Called to Say It's Keeping SUV Plant in Kentucky California’s Democrats Are Ready for Political War Obama Hits the Gas in Race to Regulate Before Trump Takes Reins Musk Says Tesla’s Solar Shingles Will Cost Less Than a Dumb Roof Tesla Seals $2 Billion SolarCity Deal Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
E-BUSINESS | TECHNOLOGY | CRM | LINUX | ECTNEWS.COM Welcome Guest | Sign In Marketing Business Boardroom Deals Service Providers Tech Law Wall Street E-Commerce Analytics Entertainment Marketing Online Advertising Piracy Search Enterprise IT Applications Cloud Computing Government Infrastructure Mobile BYOD Carriers M-Commerce Mobile Advertising Security Consumer Security Cybercrime Enterprise Security Privacy SMB Social Media Social Media Marketing Social Networks Trends Expert Advice Hot Topics Opinions Trailblazers  Reader Services  Account Management Discussion News Alerts Newsletters Reader Surveys RSS / Headline Feeds Search ECT News Network ECT News Network Map CRM Buyer Site Map E-Commerce Times Site Map LinuxInsider Site Map TechNewsWorld Site Map November 20, 2016 09:48:35 AM PST E-Commerce Times > E-Commerce > Marketing | Apple Celebrates Itself in $300 Coffee Table Tome By John P. Mello Jr. Nov 18, 2016 10:09 AM PT Apple this week introduced a new offering that is neither hardware nor software, but a pricey book bulging with artsy photos of the company's products. Designed by Apple in California contains 450 photos of products created by Apple over a 20-year span. It's available in two sizes: 10.20 by 12.75 inches for US$199 and 13 by 16.25 inchesfor $299. The linen-covered hardbound volume -- filled with photographs by Andrew Zuckerman, who is known for popping his images out of stark white backgrounds -- is dedicated to Apple's late cofounder Steve Jobs. It is printed on specially milled, custom-dyed paper with gilded matte silver edges, using eight color separations and low-ghost ink. "This archive is intended to be a gentle gathering of many of the products the team has designed over the years," said Apple Chief Design Officer Jony Ive. "We hope it brings some understanding to how and why they exist, while serving as a resource for students of all design disciplines," he added. The books are availabile at Apple.com in eight countries, as well as at a select number of Apple retail stores. Mixed Messages Although it's not unusual to see expensive books at this time of year, Apple's aims appear to be higher than just grabbing some real estate on coffee tables. "The idea is to reinforce Apple's design philosophy and reassert their message that their designs start in Silicon Valley and throughout California, which in many ways still sits at the heart of technology and its future," Creative Strategies President Tim Bajarin told the E-Commerce Times. Although many of the designs pictured in the book were groundbreaking, the marketing strategy behind the book is an old one. "The new volume finds Apple following a fairly conventional messaging strategy -- delivering a high-profile document that reminds people just how great your products are, thus justifying their happiness and your own success," said Charles King, principal analyst at Pund-IT. "A secondary benefit is that focusing intense attention on past successes also helps divert people's attention from your current problems and shortcomings," he told the E-Commerce Times. Sticker Shock Companies tooting their own horn in vanity books isn't new, although businesses that do it typically have a longer history than Apple's. "Companies will occasionally publish books about their history," explained Larry Chiagouris, a marketing professor at Pace University. "Those kinds of books are meant for employees and, to some degree, investors. They're meant to put an exclamation mark by the substantial nature and viability of a company," he noted. "Apple's book is about its products, which from a design perspective have had an advantage in aesthetics in the competitive fray," Chiagouris told the E-Commerce Times. Nevertheless, at $300, the audience will be limited. "When companies do expensive books like this, they will either lower the price in the future and keep the $300 price point on the book so people will think they're getting a great deal," Chiagouris said, "or they'll offer the book as a premium when someone makes a major Apple purchase." The book targets a narrow audience, Pund-IT's King suggested. "The pricing will put it out of reach for most consumers and curious buyers, even as a holiday gift," he said. "Then again, the book is really aimed at pleasing Apple's truest fans -- the folks who believe that the company's products are fully worth their premium prices," King pointed out. "As a status item, I expect the $299 version to be a big seller among those Apple customers." Audacious Move Others may see value in the book beyond its status symbol appeal. "It will be of great interest to design professionals across all disciplines," said Creative Strategies' Bajarin, and "there will be serious interest from those in the tech world who want a better understanding of how Apple thinks about design and products." Publishing Designed by Apple in California is an audacious move, said Chiagouris. "If nothing else, it's getting us talking about Apple and the history of design. That's a good thing for Apple," he said. That said, "if they wanted more of us to talk about it, they might have come up with something that was less than $100, so people would take it seriously and spend more time discussing and reviewing it," Chiagouris added. "Their strategy was a smart strategy," he said, "but their execution leaves a lot to be desired, because they picked such a high price point." John Mello is a freelance technology writer and contributor to Chief Security Officer magazine. You can connect with him on Google+. Get Permission to License or Reproduce this Article Print Email Reprints More by John P. Mello Jr. Most Popular Newsletters News Alerts What effect will the Trump presidency have on efforts to combat climate change? We'll see grave environmental damage instead of progress. Fear of negative consequences will spur more positive actions. Trump probably will come around to a more moderate position. We won't see much change either way in just four years. Trump will expose the climate change hoax -- and it's about time. Vote to See Results TechNewsWorld Friend Finder Data Breach Exposes 400M Swingers GoPro's Drone Initiative Crashes With Karma Recall iPhone Call Logs Easy Pickings on iCloud, Says Russian Security Firm Twitter Cracks Down on Cyber Hate Google Clamps Down on Sneaky Malicious Sites Post-Election Backlash Spurs Fake News Crackdown Conspiracy Theories in the Information Age, Part 2 Hype Video Broadcast App Has Niche Potential CRM Buyer Microsoft Trolls Small Biz With Outlook CRM Tool Signs and Symptoms Marketo VP Mike Telem: ABM Lets You Dust Off Old Marketing Techniques Engagement and Loyalty Salesforce Sets Up Lightning Community to Zap Competition AvePoint CEO TJ Jiang: Innovation Through Collaboration Microsoft Rebrands Many Customers Aren't on Board With Self-Service Trend LinuxInsider Microsoft Goes All In for Linux JuJu Offers Speedy Model-Driven Software Approach wattOS Energizes Aging Hardware AWS Gives Customers On-Premises Linux Option Ubuntu Releases IoT Core Platform Q4OS+Trinity Gives New Meaning to Lightweight Microsoft Open Sources AI Toolkit Antique Kernel Flaw Opens Door to New Dirty Cow Exploit SPONSOR RESOURCES Join Tomorrow's Intel Pioneers Introducing the Georgetown University master's in Applied Intelligence. Marketers - Fill Your Sales Funnel Instantly Access millions of IT and business decision makers. Our full-service global marketing program delivers sales-ready leads. Learn more. E-Commerce Times Headlines E-Commerce Times AWS Enjoys Top Perch in IaaS, PaaS Markets US Comptroller Gears Up for Blockchain and Internet Finance Coping With Software Licensing Challenges in the Cloud BlackBerry to Deliver One Last Keyboard Phone Russia May Kick Out LinkedIn Google Insists Android Plays on Level Field in Europe Twitter Shuffles Deck as COO Bain Steps Down Election Day Cybershenanigans Highlight Need to Shore Up Security ECT News Network on Twitter Tweets about "TechNewsWorld" Publications E-Commerce Times TechNewsWorld LinuxInsider CRM Buyer Newsletters E-Commerce Minute Tech News Flash ECT News Network Weekly Editor's Pick Subscribe Reader Services Account Management Discussion Linking Policy Network Map News Alerts RSS / XML Feeds Search ECT News Network Company Info About Advertising Business Development Careers Contact Permissions Reprint Information Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | How To Advertise Copyright 1998-2016 ECT News Network, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

null
Skip to content Satellite Press Releases pr @ satprnews.com Top 6 Vendors in the Wearable Payment Market from 2016 to 2020: Technavio LONDON–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Technavio has announced the top six leading vendors in their recent global wearable payment market report. This research report also lists 16 other prominent vendors that are expected to impact the market during the forecast period. The global wearable payment market is likely to grow at a CAGR of 59.44% to reach USD 227.91 billion by 2020. Wearable devices such as smartwatches by Apple provide mobile payment options through its Apple Pay mobile payment gateway. Mobile payment through wearable devices is the latest trend in the payment industry. Wearable payment is gaining high traction in developed and developing countries. The use of fitness bands such as UP4 by Jawbone is not limited to fitness-based programs and apps. They also allow users to make payments with a tap of the wrist. In April 2016, Jawbone announced to launch the NFC chip-enabled UP4 fitness band in collaboration with American Express. It will allow users to tap and pay directly from the wrist. Competitive vendor landscape The global wearable payment market is highly competitive because of the presence of many players. Intense competition, consumer spending patterns, demographic trends, and frequent changes in consumer preferences are significant risk factors for vendors. Vendors are competing based on the availability of apps, product differentiation, digital content, portfolio, and pricing. During the forecast period, the competition will become more intense with the increase in product extensions. “Vendors are investing in planning, designing, developing, acquiring new players, and expanding existing facilities. Technological innovations and creativity play a significant role in driving the market growth. To sustain in the competitive market, vendors have to develop new ideas and technologies and stay up-to-date with the emerging technologies that could influence the service lines,” says Ujjwal Doshi, a lead internet and e-commerce analyst from Technavio. In 2015, Apple Pay and Samsung Pay together accounted for more than 70% of the market. In February 2015, Apple Pay reported having 12 million monthly users. Both, Samsung Pay, which was launched on August 20, 2015, and Android Pay, which was launched on September 11, 2015, had 5 million users each. Request a sample report: http://www.technavio.com/request-a-sample?report=54414 Technavio’s sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report including the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more. Top six wearable payment market vendors Apple Apple is one of the highest revenue-generating IT companies that offers mobile devices, OS, PCs, related software and applications, and peripherals. Some of the major product offerings of the company include iPhone, iPad, iPod, Mac, iTunes, software and services, and accessories. It offers its OS, iOS, and OS X; various application software services including iWork and iLife; and Apple TV. Jawbone Jawbone is one of the leading providers of consumer technology and wearable devices, building hardware products and software platforms powered by data science. Jawbone’s UP system provides personalized tracking of activities like sleeping, moving, and eating. The company has over 600 patents granted or pending related to wearable technology manufacturing processes. It offers the UP app that is compatible with all the UP range devices as well as with mobile platforms like iOS, Android, and Windows. Google Google is a global technology company that manufactures various products and provides various services for organizing information. The company operates its business through a wide range of sectors and industries, focusing on search, advertising, enterprise, OS and platforms, and hardware products. Online advertising is the primary source of revenue for the company. It also generates revenue by selling hardware products. The company provides services in more than 100 languages and in more than 50 countries worldwide MasterCard MasterCard is a technology company in the payment industry that connects many consumers, financial institutions, businesses, merchants, and governments worldwide. It allows them to use electronic modes of payment instead of cash and checks. The company facilitates the processing of payment transactions, including authorization, clearing and settlement, and delivery-related products and services. It has a wide range of payment solutions and services including MasterCard, Maestro, and Cirrus. Samsung Electronics Samsung Electronics manufactures home appliances, semiconductors, telecommunication products, and digital media products in South Korea and internationally. The IT and mobile communications segment is sub-segmented into mobile communications, networks, and digital imaging. Samsung Electronics has sold approximately 400 million mobile devices worldwide. The mobile communications segment focuses on providing smartphones, cellphones, and telecommunication systems. Its network business provides next-generation network infrastructure and solutions with advanced technologies. The digital imaging business provides innovative smart digital cameras. Visa Visa is a technology company that connects a large number industries and users. Some of these end-users include businesses, governments, and financial institutions in more than 200 countries and territories. The company is a provider of digital wallet solutions that offers a secure cross-channel digital wallet and a range of customized mobile payment services. The digital wallet can store Visa and non-Visa accounts, support NFC payments, and deliver a wide range of financial transaction services. Browse Related Reports: Do you need a report on a market in a specific geographical cluster or country but can’t find what you’re looking for? Don’t worry, Technavio also takes client requests. Please contact enquiry@technavio.com with your requirements and our analysts will be happy to create a customized report just for you. About Technavio Technavio is a leading global technology research and advisory company. The company develops over 2000 pieces of research every year, covering more than 500 technologies across 80 countries. Technavio has about 300 analysts globally who specialize in customized consulting and business research assignments across the latest leading edge technologies. Technavio analysts employ primary as well as secondary research techniques to ascertain the size and vendor landscape in a range of markets. Analysts obtain information using a combination of bottom-up and top-down approaches, besides using in-house market modeling tools and proprietary databases. They corroborate this data with the data obtained from various market participants and stakeholders across the value chain, including vendors, service providers, distributors, re-sellers, and end-users. If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at media@technavio.com. Author: Monika Donimirska Editor View all posts by Monika Donimirska Author Monika DonimirskaPosted on November 18, 2016November 18, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: Riassunto: I pionieri e la nuova generazione dell'industria dei pagamenti e delle identità digitali si incontrano a Cannes Next Next post: Investment in OpenStack Accelerates as Foundation Welcomes China Telecom, Inspur and ZTE as Gold Members Search for: Search Recent Posts Top Five Best Golf Balls Buyers Guide Advances Review List Released Unbiased Inbox Blueprint 2.0 Review Causes Worldwide Discussion, as Exclusive Bonus Introduced by Steve Baker Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor: Transgender Day of Remembrance Melbourne Moving Company pledges $10,000 to help domestic violence victims this December Emma Has A Dilemma, A New Children’s Book that Teaches Grammar to 4-8 Year Old Children, Hits the Online Market. Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 November 2013 September 2013 June 2013 March 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 July 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 April 2010 March 2010 August 2009 January 1970 Categories Satellite Space Flights Uncategorized VSAT Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Satellite Press Releases Proudly powered by WordPress
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Sports Life Things To Do Travel Opinion Obituaries Weather Archives Insider USA TODAY Media More Home News Sports Life Things To Do Travel Opinion Obituaries Weather Archives Insider USA TODAY Media Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Chat Support Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Dominique LeBlanc: Soups can easily be made ahead of time Contributed by Dominique LeBlanc Beers, Chef de Cuisine at the Omni Severin, 40 W. Jackson Place Post to Facebook Dominique LeBlanc: Soups can easily be made ahead of time Contributed by Dominique LeBlanc Beers, Chef de Cuisine at the Omni Severin, 40 W. Jackson Place  Check out this story on IndyStar.com: http://indy.st/2g5SjGy {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Dominique LeBlanc: Soups can easily be made ahead of time Twinkle VanWinkle, IndyStar correspondent 1:15 p.m. EST November 18, 2016 Buy Photo Dish by Dominique Leblanc Beers - Chef de Cuisine at The Omni Severin - Roasted Apple Pumpkin Soup. (Photo: Mykal McEldowney/IndyStar)Buy Photo Contributed by Dominique LeBlanc Beers, Chef de Cuisine at the Omni Severin, 40 W. Jackson Place  Dominique says: “The Roasted Apple Pumpkin soup is a creation based off when I was growing up, and every year going to the farm in the fall to hand pick apples and pumpkins. For Thanksgiving, we would always have a pumpkin or squash soup before the main meal. I think this is a great item for a guest to bring to the festivities as it can be made ahead of time, transports easily and be kept warm in a Crock-Pot and not require use of the stove — which is usually overloaded. The fun part is having a bunch of toppings so everyone can customize their soup with what they like!” Roasted Apple Pumpkin Soup Makes 1½ gallons  9 pounds of pumpkin 6 apples, peeled, cored, chopped  ½ cup olive oil 2 medium onions, diced 3 medium carrots, peeled and diced 4 stalks of celery, diced 6 garlic cloves, minced 2 tablespoons kosher salt 2 teaspoons cracked black pepper 1 tablespoon curry powder 2 tablespoons fresh sage, chopped ½ cup brown sugar 10 cups vegetable or chicken stock 4 cups whole milk yogurt (local preferred)  For the pumpkins, select small pie pumpkins or mix an assortment of pumpkins and squash such as acorn, butternut and carnival. The apples should be semi-tart, and can be mixed with others  such as granny smith, Cortland, Gala or Jonathan. 1. Preheat oven to 400°F.  2. Cut pumpkins and squash in half and remove the seeds. Place them cut-side down on greased baking sheets. Roast in oven about 20-30 minutes. The pumpkins should be softer and easier to work with, but they do not need to be fully cooked. 3. Remove from oven and allow to cool slightly until you are able to handle them — about 15 minutes. At this point, you can remove the skins and rough chop the meat. 4. Return the chopped pumpkin to the baking sheet and combine with the diced apples. Drizzle half the olive oil (about ¼ cup) over the apples and pumpkin and place them in the oven to roast for another 20 minutes or until they are tender and slightly browned. 5. In a large, heavy pot, heat the remaining ¼ cup olive oil. Place in the onions, carrots, celery and garlic, and sauté for 5 minutes until tender. Season with the salt and pepper, curry powder, sage and brown sugar. Mix until the ingredients are combined and the sugar dissolves. 6. Add the roasted pumpkins, apples, broth and yogurt. Allow everything to come to boil, then turn the heat down and gently simmer for 30 minutes. Taste the broth as it cooks; adjust the seasoning if needed. 7. Using a blender, carefully puree soup in batches (do not fill the blender more than halfway). After the soup  is pureed, it can be placed into a container for storage or into a slow cooker. Taste again for final seasoning. Additional liquid (broth or water) may be necessary to get the soup to the right viscosity. Serving day of: 1. If soup is made ahead of time, it can be reheated on the stove or in a slow cooker. Bring it up to temperature slowly so it does not burn. A slow cooker is great here because you can avoid the stove, which typically is overcrowded on Thanksgiving. 2. Put out a variety of toppings for people to garnish the soup themselves. Suggested ingredients include toasted pumpkin seeds, yogurt, croutons, popcorn (plain or flavored such as pumpkin spice), crumbled bacon, roasted apple rings and toasted or spiced nuts (pecans, walnuts or even crispy chickpeas). 3. For an upgraded presentation, use extra whole pumpkins that have been deseeded and roasted for serving dishes. CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://indy.st/2g5SjGy TOP VIDEOS Stars that are indulging in a digital detox 1:23 Prince Harry condemns racist comments about new girlfriend 0:35 Hilary Duff apologizes for 'ignorant' costume 0:44 Best celebrity Halloween costumes of 2016 1:08 Trailer: 'Gilmore Girls' 2:20 More Stories Download the IndyStar Things To Do app June 12, 2015, 12:32 p.m. 20 can’t-miss fall festivals around Central Indiana Aug. 24, 2016, 9:03 p.m. Craft guide: beer, wine and spirits May 8, 2016, 7 a.m.
Dear Visitor, Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on. We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge. Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site. So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker’s "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site. Continue on this site freely   HOME     MENU     SEARCH     NEWSLETTER     TECHNOLOGY, DISCOVERY & INNOVATION. UPDATED 3 MINUTES AGO. Home Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation Health Science News Environment Automotive Tech You are here: Home / Data Security / iPhone Call History Saved to iCloud Certifications that stand out Demonstrate Your Expertise Obtain an ISACA® certification and advance your IS/IT career. Register for an Exam Today> iPhone Users: Apple Saves Your Call History to iCloud By Shirley Siluk / Sci-Tech Today PUBLISHED: NOVEMBER 18 2016 Apple customers can sync a lot of the data on their devices to iCloud, but some information is being backed up in a way they might not be aware of and can't control: their iPhone call logs. Moscow-based digital forensics firm ElcomSoft reported yesterday that it discovered Apple was automatically uploading iPhone call logs into iCloud for users running iOS 8 and up on their devices. What's more, users have "no official way" to turn off those backups, which include information about incoming, outgoing, missed and rejected calls, according to the company. ElcomSoft said the discovery has implications for the privacy of iPhone users. Apple has publicly fought law enforcement efforts to unlock iPhones connected to investigations, noting that it does not have access to customer passcodes that would allow it to do so. However, user data stored in iCloud is easier for third parties -- whether law enforcement or hackers -- to access. Only Fix 'Greatly Affects' Usability In its announcement yesterday, ElcomSoft said that Apple could store iPhone call logs on its servers for months. The company added that the only way that users can disable the syncing feature is by disabling iCloud completely on their devices, which would greatly affect usability. "Automatic cloud sync of call logs is great if you know about it and have an option to shut it off," ElcomSoft CEO Vladimir Katalov said in a statement. "While Apple works hard to improve security of their physical devices, they move more and more data into the cloud where law enforcement can easily obtain it." In a blog post about the discovery yesterday, ElcomSoft's Oleg Afonin added that iCloud data is "very loosely protected, allowing Apple itself or any third party with access to proper credentials extracting this information. Information stored in Apple iCloud is of course available to law enforcement." Apple's Privacy Battles Since the rollout of iOS 8 in September 2014, Apple devices running that operating system and later versions have been encrypted by default. That means only the owner -- and not Apple -- has the passcode to unlock the device. Just a few months after the release of iOS 8, Apple's stance on customer privacy became the focus of a hard-fought legal battle with the Federal Bureau of Investigation. Following a mass shooting in San Bernardino, Calif., in December 2014, the FBI sought to force Apple to help it unlock an iPhone that had been used by one of the shooters. However, Apple fought that effort in court, contending that the request to create an "FBiOS" could leave millions of its other customers' devices vulnerable to hacking. The FBI eventually turned to a third part that unlocked the iPhone in question without Apple's help. However, officials still want Apple to help them unlock numerous other phones connected to state and federal investigations. In its legal process guidelines, Apple said it "does not have access to a user's passcode but, depending on the version of iOS that the device is running, may be able to extract some data from a passcode locked iOS device running iOS 4 through iOS 7 with a valid search warrant." Afonin noted yesterday that iPhone users have reported other problems with syncing, such as receiving missed call notifications for a spouse's phone using the same Apple ID. A user with more than one iPhone should "consider disabling iCloud Drive on one device (don't mix it up with iCloud; iCloud Drive is available elsewhere and can be disabled separately from iCloud)," Afonin said. "This way you'll prevent call sync without affecting things such as iCloud Photo Library or iCloud backups. You will, however, lose the ability to sync data across third-party apps that may use iCloud Drive to save their data." Read more on: Apple, iPhone, Data Security, Privacy, iCloud, Mobile Apps, FBI, Top Tech News Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: TOP STORIES NOW 1. Tesla, SolarCity Merger Approved 2. Musk: Satellite-Powered Internet 3. Pluto Has a Cold Wandering Heart 4. Smart Speakers: Convenient, Creepy 5. Lyft Lifts Off with New Look, Beacons MAY INTEREST YOU Salesforce.com is the market and technology leader in Software-as-a-Service. Its award-winning CRM solution helps 82,400 customers worldwide manage and share business information over the Internet. Experience CRM success. Click here for a FREE 30-day trial. MORE IN DATA SECURITY 1. iPhone Call History Saved to iCloud 2. Election Sparks Signal Downloads 3. $5 Tool Hacks Locked Computers 4. Obama Urges IoT Security Efforts 5. Adult Social Networks Hacked Next Article > SCI-TECH TODAY Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation Health Science News Environment Automotive Tech NEWSFACTOR NETWORK SITES Enterprise I.T. Sites: NewsFactor Technology News Enterprise Security Today CRM Daily Business & Innovation Sites: Sci-Tech Today NewsFactor Business Report NEWSFACTOR SERVICES About NewsFactor Network How To Advertise Free Newsletters How To Contact Us Services for PR Pros SEO Services Sponsored Content Services Article Reprints Top Tech Wire Privacy Policy Terms of Service © Copyright 2016 NewsFactor Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Review: Koogeek Smart Plug is a simple, inexpensive, WiFi HomeKit device to get started with Siri home automation Trending in Apple Comment: Given the ultra-low repairability of the new MacBook Pro, I’m getting AppleCare this time Trending in Apple Send in the Clones: If Apple doesn’t want to innovate the desktop Mac, it should let others Trending in Apple Hands-on impressions: 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple MacBook Pro Diary: I’ve come to terms with the fact that it’s the end of the line for upgradable MacBooks Trending in Apple Comment: Apple selling a $79 MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable is a step too far November 18 AAPL: 110.06 0.11 Automation technologies will continue to be supported in macOS, Apple exec Craig Federighi says in customer email Benjamin Mayo - 2 days ago @bzamayo macOS View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Fans of macOS automation features like Automator and AppleScript feared the worst this week as it transpired that head of the automation technologies division, Sal Soghoian, had left the company and the whole unit inside Apple had been closed down. This fuelled speculation that Apple was abandoning a core power feature of the pro Mac user’s wheelhouse. A 9to5Mac reader (who asked to remain anonymous) emailed Apple software exec Craig Federighi about the future of automation on the Mac. Federighi responded with a definitive reply that Apple “has every intent” to continue supporting automation on macOS.  See the full email after the jump … Automation encapsulates a lot of Mac features that allow users to make a script, in code using AppleScript or a GUI with Automator, to let the operating system handle repetitive tasks and time-consuming work. Automator has been bundled with every Mac in the /Applications folder since OS X 10.4 Tiger and remains fully functional to date … although the app has received very few updates in recent years. The concept of Automation doesn’t really exist on iOS although third-party apps like Workflow have replicated much of the functionality. Craig Federighi’s reply says that Apple will at least continue supporting the automation workflows for the foreseeable future, although it doesn’t necessarily promise the systems will receive any new major features. The 9to5Mac reader sent an email asking the Apple SVP not to kill AppleScript and Automator after hearing the news about the dissolution of the automation manager. Here’s what Craig said to our reader in an email response, essentially denying the possibility that they were going away as many had speculated. Hi [name], We have every intent to continue our support for the great automation technologies in macOS! Thanks for being an Apple customer! — craig 9to5Mac has verified the message headers for their authenticity. This should allay the community concern in part that Sal Soghoian’s ousting is a sign of bad news for the automation features in macOS. Perhaps, Apple is simply re-organizing the Mac software team and a named leader of automation technologies wasn’t necessary. Soghoian’s departure may also signal that Automator et all are now in ‘maintenance mode’, where the products continue to be supported but don’t have a new features roadmap for future macOS versions. However, that isn’t really a change from the status quo of the last few years … Guides macOS View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Black Friday Tech Apple Science Cars Celebrity Movies Holiday Gifts Cyber Monday     Colbert: The New Apple Book Delivers Something Truly Extraordinary Posted: Nov 18 2016, 8:05am CST | by Luigi Lugmayr, Updated: Nov 18 2016, 8:07am CST, in News | Apple     The Late Show with Stephen Colbert makes fun of the $300 Apple Book. Watch the video below. Apple introduced a $299 Apple book featuring photos of Apple's products. The expensive coffee table book is an obvious target for ridicule. The Late Show with Stephen Colbert did just that last night. In a clip fake Apple employees talk about the book as if it would be a new iPhone. It's very entertaining. One line in the clip says: "It's 450 pages of high-resolution images of Apple products you probably already have in your basement." Don't Miss: Best Walmart Black Friday 2016 Deals This 450 pages thick book showcases the Apple designs has made over the past twenty years. The book is named "Designed by Apple in California." The book is dedicated to the memory of Steve Jobs and is great, but expensive gift for Apple fans. The Photographer behind the photo book is Andrew Zukerman. He is famous for his Creature book and sequels. "Designed by Apple in California" also carries Zukerman’s signature style. The whole book has bold imagery against white backgrounds. The book is a linen-bound hardcover volume. It is available in two sizes. The smaller one costs $199 and the larger one $299 with sizes 10.2’’x12.75’’ and 13’’x16.25’’. The Apple Book sells at select Apple stores and online. You May Like The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Leave a Comment Share this Story Follow Us Read the Latest from I4U News This is How an Apple Mirror Would Look 22 hours ago, 1:28pm CST Here Is How To Take Screenshots Of the Touch Bar on 2016 MacBook Pro 1 day ago, 11:24am CST iPhones in Made in America Possiblity: Report 2 days ago, 12:15am CST A Czech Apple-Authorized Reseller claims the Apple Airpod Release date to be set for December 2 days ago, 1:30pm CST Black Friday Deals To Know About Today 23 minutes ago Kia Super Bowl 2017 Ad Confirmed 1 hour ago New Nintendo 3DS Black Friday Deal: Stores, Times and Everything else You need to know 2 hours ago Lowe's Black Friday 2016 Deals Revealed by Scott Brothers include Parrot Drone Deal 2 hours ago Stunning View of Ceres Captured as Dawn Spacecraft Moves to a Higher Orbit 3 hours ago Mark Zuckerberg wants APEC Countries to join Global Connectivity Revolution 4 hours ago New Best Buy Pre-Black Friday Ad Promotes Deals on TVs and Microsoft Surface 4 hours ago Sears Black Friday Member Private Night Sale Begins Tonight 4 hours ago People Prefer Wi-Fi Over Sex, Chocolate or Alcohol 4 hours ago Hatchimals Sell Now at ToysRUs for $59.99 5 hours ago Best Black Friday Deals for Smartphones 5 hours ago Amazon Black Friday 2016 Ad Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Target Black Friday 2016 ad Best Buy Black Friday 2016 ad All Black Friday 2016 ads How to Find Hatchimals Deals Find NES Classic Deals Featured News Black Friday Deals To Know About Today How to Beat Bots to Buy Nintendo NES Classic at Walmart Each Day at 5pm   Amazon Black Friday Kindle Deals Are Released Top 100 Black Friday 2016 Deals That Win Black Friday Apple This is How an Apple Mirror Would Look 22 hours ago, 1:28pm CST Here Is How To Take Screenshots Of the Touch Bar on 2016 MacBook Pro 1 day ago, 11:24am CST iPhones in Made in America Possiblity: Report 2 days ago, 12:15am CST A Czech Apple-Authorized Reseller claims the Apple Airpod Release date to be set for December 2 days ago, 1:30pm CST More Apple Stories Latest News Black Friday Deals To Know About Today 23 minutes ago Kia Super Bowl 2017 Ad Confirmed 1 hour ago New Nintendo 3DS Black Friday Deal: Stores, Times and Everything else You need to know 2 hours ago Lowe's Black Friday 2016 Deals Revealed by Scott Brothers include Parrot Drone Deal 2 hours ago More Latest News The Latest ... Black Friday 2016 Cyber Monday 2016 Holiday Gifts 2016 CES 2017 Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Advertising News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Super Bowl 2017 Ads Hot Tech Deals About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Black Friday The Black Friday 2016 season is here. When is Black Friday 2016? It is on November 25, but the Black Friday deals are on sale now. The Black Friday Deals Tracker allows shoppers to quickly find out which Black Friday 2016 deals are on sale right now online. New this year is the Amazon Black Friday 2016 Deals Tracker. The Amazon Black Friday 2016 sale is the biggest sale to find Black Friday deals all week starting Nov. 18. The Top 100 Black Friday 2016 Deals show all deals that everybody is talking about this year. I4U News is providing its annual in-depth coverage of Black Friday 2016 ads, deals and sales at the Black Friday 2016 Hub. About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2016
RSS | Blog | Contact| Register| Sign-In | NEWS & TECHNOLOGY Top Stories Technology Digital Radio Tech Tips Product Evaluations Who's Buying What Products Buyer's Guides RW Noticieros Échos en français COLUMNS Workbench Guy Wire Roots of Radio Day in the Life Road Warrior Certification Corner VIEWS Guest Commentaries Reader's Forum From the Editor White Paper BUSINESS News Makers Broadcast Law & Regulation Business Digest Radio IT Management Promo Power Programming & Sales People News RESOURCES Exihibition & Events Digital Editions eBooks Source Book & Directory Supplements Subscribe Advertise Webinar Archive Classifieds Calendar AWARDS RW Best of Show Awards RW Excellence in Engineering Awards Product Innovation Awards VIDEO SUBSCRIBE iRig Mic Studio: Small Package, Big Flexibility by Paul Kaminski on 11.18.2016       Tweet print  rss  If you want to reduce the amount of gear you roll with, but still want professional results when you record a voice track, IK Multimedia’s iRig Mic Studio may find a place in your bugout bag. Technically, the iRig Mic Studio is a USB sound card, which can connect to a smartphone or tablet (Android or Apple flavor) or a Windows or Mac laptop. Operationally, it’s a large-diaphragm cardioid condenser microphone (1 inch), with a microphone preamp and monitor channel, powered by the device to which it is connected. The iRig Mic Studio will connect to Apple and Android devices running Android 5 or higher. The connection is made with an OTG cable for Android devices, a Lightning cable for Apple devices and a USB cable for connection to laptops, all three of which are enclosed with the iRig Mic Studio. A 30-pin Apple connector is available from IK Multimedia. It has a 3.5 mm jack for headphones and level controls for microphone output and headphone output. LED indicators include shades of blue for standby and power, green to orange for setting optimum output levels, and the red LED which, with your ears, will tell you to back off on the gain. The iRig Mic Studio comes with its own mount and folding desk stand, and a pouch to protect the mic from scratches in transit. I used the iRig Mic Studio and Lexis Audio Editor to record short liners for my “Radio-Road-Test” program on a Nexus 7 tablet running Android 6. The device recognized the iRig Mic Studio as a sound input via the OTG cable with no recognition drama. With my Galaxy S4 running Android 5.0, I recorded a short test count using Lexis Audio Editor. That sort of flexibility is helpful if you need to do quality work in a big hurry, and your studio is not available for whatever reason. Admittedly it’s not a Neumann U 87, but it does produce the warm, robust sound one would expect from a condenser microphone with a 1-inch diaphragm. IK Multimedia specifications say the unit will pass audio with a 20 Hz to 20 kHz frequency response and 24-bit, 44.1/48 kHz resolution. The maximum SPL for the iRig Mic Studio is listed as 133 dB. Because of the inherent sensitivity of a condenser microphone, quiet spaces would be optimal for recording with the iRig Mic Studio — so, too, use of a windscreen or a pop filter if you tend to get close to the microphone. So what applications might the iRig Mic Studio be used for? It could be used to do voiceovers, cutting voice tracks, and, if using a live origination app like Skype or Luci Live Lite, to substitute a full-fidelity microphone for the onboard microphone on a smartphone or tablet. The list price for the iRig Mic Studio is $179.95, street price is around $149.99. For information, contact IK Multimedia in Florida at (954) 846-9101 or visit www.ikmultimedia.com. Receive regular news and technology updates. Sign up for your free Radio World NewsBytes newsletter here. print  rss  Thank you for your comment. Please note that posts are reviewed for suitability and may not appear until the next business day. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. MOST POPULAR STORIES PantronX Seeks “Complete SDR Solution” What Does President Trump Mean for Radio? We Asked John Garziglia Broadcasters and Allies React to Trump Election There’s a New Satellite in Town Mike Callaghan Dies; Was Longtime Engineer of KIIS-FM BLOGS Strange Stuff Digital: Catch All or Step by Step? Radio Tours Thanksgiving “Oh, Boy! We’re Radio Engineers!” Collecting Things From Fast Food to Alan Freed Capturing Lightning on a Screen Barix and LineQ Mourn Passing of Andy Stadheim Who Is Looking After the Little Guy? Click here for more Home | About-us | Advertise | Terms-of-Use | Privacy-Policy | Modify Subscription | Contact-us | Careers | eNewsletters | Reprints-Licensing | Ad choices | RSS DV TVB VIDEOGRAPHY GOVERNMENT VIDEO RADIO WORLD NEWBAY MEDIA TV TECHNOLOGY Copyright © 2016 NewBay Media, LLC. 28 East 28th Street, 12th Floor, New York, NY 10016 T (212) 378-0400 F (212) 378-0470
null
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables Editors' Choice All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Search for Arrow_Path BlackFriday SnapchatSpectacles NetflixvsHulu FakeNews Alexa Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Software/ Internet/ Siri Architect Grapples With How to Make AI Less Artificial Siri Architect Grapples With How to Make AI Less Artificial By Sophia Stuart November 18, 2016 08:00am EST 10 Comments William Mark, one of the brains behind Siri, stresses that A.I. is more than 'deep learning' and machine intelligence. Over 1,500 attendees were in San Francisco at A.I. World recently to hear experts talk about the future of the artificial intelligence industry. One of the highlights was a panel featuring William Mark, PhD, President of SRI's Information and Computing Sciences Division and one of the brains behind Apple's Siri. "We need to make artificial intelligence less artificial," said Dr. Mark, who stressed that A.I. is a lot more than "deep learning" and machine intelligence. This was an important distinction as most attendees were from the enterprise sector and almost entirely focused on using A.I. to do what humans cannot—massively parallel computing. Many speakers pulled out the oft-quoted data point that IBM's Watson supercomputer can read 40 million documents in 15 seconds as an indicator of our hurtling trajectory towards the Singularity. But Dr. Mark's vision for the future of A.I. is altogether, well, more visionary, and complex in terms of system design. "We do a lot of work in conversational A.I.," said Mark. "And we do use deep learning for parts of what those systems do, but there's also intent recognition, natural language processing, as well as emotion detection. "In managing real-time conversation, [so the A.I. knows what to say next] when someone says something, we have to teach it to know that they've introduced a new intent, but haven't finished the previous one yet. For that we don't use machine learning, we use explicit rules and all kinds of inference mechanisms." After getting his PhD in Computer Science at MIT, Dr. Mark held executive and research roles at National Semiconductor and Lockheed Martin Palo Alto Research Laboratories. Joining SRI in 1998, he focused on creating new technology in speech and natural language, vision and perception, planning and reasoning. After Siri was spun out and bought by Apple in 2011, his group refined another conversational A.I. platform called KAI, which is used by the banking industry. Although it's now a separate company, Mark remains on its board of directors. KAI's financial system-based A.I. meant Mark's team had to incorporate trust mechanisms into its design. "Being able to trust these A.I. systems is going to be a major factor, which is what I meant by making A.I. less artificial," Mark said. "Because people think differently. For example, people like to think of cause and effect but most of the systems are [designed to be] about correlation. Making that bridge [between the two modes of thinking] is really important, and one of the leading edge problems we're working on—to move forward with trustable systems." Finally, he told the attendees at A.I. World what's next from his team at SRI: something he dubbed "Super Siri." "One of the things we're working on is the problem of the aging population," explained Mark. "It's a huge cultural and economic issue [and there are] many aspects to that problem. People's minds immediately go to 'robotic help in the home?' And we are working on that. But we're also looking at companionship. Many elderly people are lonely and that leads to cognitive decline. We're working on systems—think 'Super Siri'—which will bring in family, help bring back memories people had in the past, and it is all tied into sensors in the home" to monitor mobility and other health issues, and into IoT. So there you have it: the next wave of A.I. are systems that engender trust, use inference mechanisms to infer intent, and predict what you might say, do or need next. Perhaps something like this scenario: "How about a nap?" "Excellent idea, Siri, I think I will. Wake me up after 20 minutes of REM when I reach steady delta wave formation." "What's the magic word?" "Please." "Consider it done." Back to top Previous : Amazon Introduces Alexa-Exclusive Deals This Weekend FCC Presses Pause on Major Action Until Trump Takes Office Next : By Sophia Stuart Sophia Stuart is an award-winning digital strategist and technology columnist. Voted one of the "Top 21 Social Media Superstars" by Min Online in 2009, Sophia was an executive at Hearst from 2006 - 2013, winning a Webby Award for Cosmo Mobile and an MVA for Cosmo International Digital Strategy. Sophia now lives in Los Angeles and runs TheDigitalCheckUp.com consultancy. She was a judge for both the SheSays global awards (2014) and the Bookmarks, South Africa (2013). She has written for many publications including Esquire Mexico, Harper’s... More » More Stories by Sophia This Music-Subscription Service Aims to Help You Stay Focused Subscription service Focus@Will features curated, instrumental music channels intended to keep your ... More » Creating a VR TV Series Is No Easy Task Doug Liman's 'Invisible' doesn't quite work in VR, but letting people travel to virtual worlds is wo... More » In Arrival, the Aliens Have Landed; We Talk to Their Interpreter How do you go about deciphering an alien language? Jessica Coon of McGill University explains. More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles 7 Things Not to Buy Before Black Friday Hands On With Snapchat Spectacles 9 Shows to Watch if You Love Westworld How Stoners Are Getting High (Tech) How to Capture Video Clips in Windows 10 10 Games Every Sony PlayStation 4 Player Needs »See More //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
Trending: Video: Our holiday gift guide 2016 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Video: New MacBook Pro show-and-tell Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. 7 reasons cloud migrations fail (free online course) What IT admins love/hate about 8 top network monitoring tools SharePoint 2013 cheat sheet IT users review 6 software test management tools More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Gamification Home Tech Location-Based Services Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) Business Process Management (BPM) CRM Collaboration Content/Document Management Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software Integration Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Operating Systems Linux IDG Contributor Network Want to Join? Tech Oracle Times By Bob Skelley |Follow Opinion Ubuntu Mate, Windows 10 and macOS Sierra: A marriage of 3 OSs Why limit yourself to just one desktop OS? Computerworld | Nov 18, 2016 8:26 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. The Refresh Windows tool lets Windows 10 users install a recent, pristine copy of the operating system on their PC, eliminating all applications -- including pre-loaded 'crapware' -- but retaining the personal files already on the drive. More like this Hands on: ‘Siri, what’s new in macOS Sierra?’ The phenomenon of old tech guilty pleasures Review: Four ways to manage Macs in a Microsoft world Video Computerworld Holiday Gift Guide 2016: Wonderful Wearables I gave myself a little gift recently and revisited Ubuntu Mate by virtue of a transplanted hard disk. In my case, Mate was a gift that was giving and giving until it wasn’t. When the eMachines T6528 went belly up due to leaky logic board capacitors, I parted this tank of a tower out, half-heartedly vowing to get back to this low-footprint Linux distribution as soon as I could. Fast forward several months and with some precious free time on my hands, I was finally able to make good on the promise. When I removed the hard drives inside the eMachines PC I placed the larger one in a spare Rosewill external USB enclosure I had lying around. I tried to boot from the PC I had hooked it up to at the time with limited success; the Mate desktop came up but with only 1025 x 768 resolution. It pretty much looked not ready for primetime and so I took out a cease and desist order regarding any further investigation. Windows 10 is the OS that drives all my main production machines. When I’m blogging, I still like the familiarity of the old Power Mac G4 running  Mac OS X Leopard that sleeps until I wake it. But, while it still does everything it always has, Windows 10 pretty much can’t be beat for an all-around operating system that’ll handle anything you throw at it. Mac user loyalties tested  I have customers with Macs running OS X El Capitan and not macOS Sierra. Every upgrade of a Mac operating system requires more RAM. The last iMac I serviced was a late 2009 model, whose 1 TB Seagate hard disk had failed. I installed a 6 TB Western Digital replacement. I recommended more memory in case the customer was interested in eventually upgrading to Sierra. While hard disk replacement in a late 2009 model iMac is moderately difficult, memory upgrades are easy. I maxed out the machine from 8 GB to 16. Professionals who rely on their Macs, and who update as soon as Apple OS releases are available, do so at their own peril.  But, last time I checked, Apple has hardly any new Macs on which to run its latest OS. And even the most loyal of Mac users are currently scratching their heads at Apple’s indifference towards Macs. I think the words, “the thrill is gone,” pretty much sums up what Apple leadership and even many Mac loyalists think about Macs, the memory-guzzling macOS Sierra and the dearth of new Macs available to fill the void. Are your anti-virus definitions current? While Macs have seemed to peak in terms of relevance, the thing that bothers me most about the rise-to-prominence Windows 10, is what has always bugged me about Microsoft’s OS: It requires malware and virus protection. Any security software running, no matter how lightweight, steals performance. I do give Microsoft a lot of credit with how well a job it does with Windows 10 on older PCs. But, the fact a user needs to go to extra lengths to secure their machine running Windows has always been a turn off. The Mac by comparison shines with less concerns over security and malware, and more with Cupertino’s inability to bring new Macs to market. Which brings us back to Ubuntu Mate. Why do geeks periodically return to the Linux fold in some shape, form or manner when Apple and Microsoft are around? Linux an acquired taste? The reason is because Microsoft and Apple are still around. Linux is a draw for a lot of reasons. Its market share is minuscule compared to its commercial brethren, but there is a simplicity and simultaneous complexity to it that those who dabble therein will never cease to enjoy. Another reason that Linux is always worth a try is because many of us have older PCs around. And we just want to run a modern OS without any of the baggage Microsoft and Apple brings. In my case the install of Ubuntu Mate was perfectly fine except for the display resolution issue. I understand it is not attractive for a novice to have to do some tinkering in order to fix things. But, it’s the payoff of troubleshooting efficiently that also is appealing to Linux users. There is a sense of control that comes with running a Linux variant that Apple and Microsoft can never touch with their operating systems. No significant malware concerns, no old machines left behind and no planned obsolescence with respect to security updates. Linux on the desktop is an underdog, probably always will be, but I personally am a fan of this underappreciated OS. After writing a display resolution script, saving it to my home folder and setting it to run at start up, I’ve got a perfectly functioning, secure, modern OS, featuring up-to-date browsers and a Microsoft-compatible office productivity suite. Heck, it even runs MS Office via Wine. And it’s all working beautifully via the simplicity of an external hard disk enclosure cabled to the PC’s USB 2.0 port (the PC also features Windows 10 on its internal hard disk). Blissful, peaceful OS co-existence. This article is published as part of the IDG Contributor Network. Want to Join? To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Linux Apple Mac Windows 10 MacBook Pro Ubuntu iMac Bob Skelley is a published writer and editor who has had a love affair with technology for over two decades. He says, "Software and hardware are like two family members to me -- really." To learn more about Bob and read more of his writing, visit his blog, "Hitting the Sweet Spot, by Bob Skelley," at BobSkelley.com. 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Shop Tech Products at Amazon You Might Like Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. What Readers Like China builds world’s fastest supercomputer without U.S. chips China's Sunway TaihuLight theoretical peak performance is 124.5 petaflops. Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis This sortable chart lets you compare dozens of tools for functionality, skill level and more. Windows 10 Anniversary Update: A guide to the builds The Windows 10 Anniversary Update is due this summer -- but if you don’t want to wait, you can install... Popular Resources White Paper Accelerating Retail Activity White Paper Is Virtual Guarding the Future of Security? White Paper Leveraging Video Technology Beyond Loss Prevention in Retail White Paper Online Commerce: Plotting a Course to Personalization Case Study Sponsored Retail Execution Case Study: Carlsberg Go Top Stories Michael Flynn, Trump's NSA pick, is a cybersecurity hawk Michael Flynn, the man President-elect Donald Trump plans to name as U.S. national security advisor,... How lifelogging will become easy and automatic Before, only academic supergeeks tracked and recorded everything to achieve a photographic memory. But... Tech skills earning the highest cash premiums -- no certification required Some employers pay cash premiums to their tech professionals for specific hot skills and... The state of solar power looks bright in 2017 (+video) While solar and other forms of renewable energy still amount to a small percentage of all power... Sponsored Links INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Where do you stack up with your IT counterparts on cloud investment? Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 1994 - 2016 Computerworld, Inc. All rights reserved. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Answers IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter The Mercury News Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian iPhone “Touch Disease” tales of woe: Users tell… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Slain soldier’s family booed Kanye cuts Sac show short Trump U lawsuits settled ‘Touch disease’ woes Bourdain in San Jose Business Technology iPhone “Touch Disease” tales of woe: Users tell just how bad it is Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) FILE – In this Sept 19, 2014 file photo, a customer shows off the new Apple iPhone 6, right, and 6 Plus at a store in Tokyo. Apple sold 61 million iPhones in the first three months of 2015, or 40 percent more than in the same period a year ago. That represented about two-thirds of its $58 billion in revenue. (AP Photo/Shizuo Kambayashi, File) By Patrick May | pmay@bayareanewsgroup.com PUBLISHED: November 18, 2016 at 9:04 am | UPDATED: November 18, 2016 at 2:21 pm So Apple has finally fessed up to the existence of the much-dreaded “Touch Disease” — but users will tell you it’s worse than Apple admits, and they aren’t happy about the company’s plan to deal with it. Touch Disease is the annoying phenomenon that plaintiffs in a class-action lawsuit against the Cupertino tech giant have been saying is messing up their iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus phones, leaving a flickering bar at the top of the display and creating all kinds of multi-touch issues. (You all remember “multi-touch,” right? All those cool things you can do with your iPhone by touching it in different ways and with different amounts of pressure? And you saw that Apple how-to a while back that said, among other things, “if the Home button doesn’t respond as you expect, make sure that your hands are clean and dry . . .” ?) I wrote about the issue back in August, when the lawsuit first became known. “The iPhones are not fit for the purpose of use as smartphones because of the touch-screen defect,” said the complaint filed in U.S. District Court in San Jose. At that time, Apple declined comment. Now Apple has officially recognized the problem and announced a new worldwide program where it will fix any affected iPhone 6 Plus devices – for a $149 service fee. So just how bad is it to have an iPhone beset with problems caused by Touch Disease? Listen: Elizabeth Jackson, having lunch with her husband, told WCPO Cincinnati that using her iPhone 6 Plus has become increasingly frustrating. “There’s sometimes when it won’t respond when I go to text or open an app. It takes a while to open up.” . WCPO also got an earful from Brianna Booker, whose iPhone 6 Plus would flash a light gray band at the top of the phone  – and then simply stop responding to her touch. It was, as it were, unswipable: “I wasn’t able to swipe. I had notifications coming in, but I wasn’t able to answer any text messages or phone calls.” It gets worse. Commenting online about my colleague’s story this morning on Apple’s acknowledgement of the problem, a guy named John Smith complained that he had hit a wall when he tried to get Apple to fix his diseased phone: “I was told “Tough” by the Apple store employees when I brought it in even though they admitted it was also a problem with the 6.” Over in Europe, where they were already wide awake and ready to share their tales of woe, “Süddeutsche Zeitung” tweeted “#TouchDisease: @Apple räumt beim iPhone 6 Plus Reparaturrabatte ein, weist aber die Schuld von sich. via @golem” which translates roughly to: “#TouchDisease: @Apple admits iPhone 6 plus repair discounts, but assigns the blame from itself via @golem http://sz.de/1.3255427” The morning was just getting started here in Silicon Valley when a steady chorus of TD complainers began to grow louder. In responses to a story in TechCrunch, readers unloaded: “I have never dropped my 6,” said Tommy Ray Pabst at Cornell University, “but it does a LOT of weird things on its own.” Bill Thompson wrote that he had a iPhone 6 Plus “until the recent trade in offer on the iPhone 7. I never had an issue with it, but I promptly put it in a tough case that protected against drops and bending. It was tougher to slip in an out of my pocket, but I had little fears about easily breaking it.” Related Articles Apple admits to iPhone ‘touch disease,’ blames users Apple faces class-action lawsuit over iPhone touch disease And a reader named Anono Mouser said Touch Disease was symptomatic of a larger problem: Apple’s incessant software updates and the problems they often cause: “Seems like every few days my 6plus wants to update it’s OS to something new. It’d be nice if one of those updates made the smartphone smart enough to actually answer a phone call. I mean it is a phone, right? Instead it mocks me to swipe to answer, and then ignores every swipe, push, and curseword that’s thrown at it.” But if you want to hit the mother lode of Touch Disease-caused agony, go read Jason Koebler’s piece at Motherboard. He said his inbox was flooded with TD complaints after he wrote about the problem in September. “In the last 24 hours, I’ve gotten emails from 27 separate iPhone 6 Plus owners who have encountered this problem and were unaware that Apple internally considers it a known issue,” he wrote. ” Many of them have been put through lengthy tech support protocols on obviously broken phones only to be told that they would have to pay $329 for a refurbished phone that is still fundamentally flawed. Others have had to put up with months of forcefully bending or twisting the phone in order to get its Touch IC connectors to intermittently work for a few minutes, hours, or days before the problem inevitably resurfaces.” Here are just a few of the tales Koebler heard: From Cherish: “Missed a lot of great photos during a friend’s wedding weekend because I unfortunately relied on my iPhone to be my camera. Apple called me on August 17, but when they called my screen was frozen and I could not answer the phone. They left a message saying they would call back. I went to my rental car, connected the Bluetooth and used that to answer. I gave them my alternate cell number so that solved the calling issue. I was on the phone with them for an hour after that and they insisted for most of the call that this is a normal occurrence and is often resolved by restoring the OS.” From Paul: “I’ve lived with this problem on and off for almost two years now. It started happening almost as soon as I got it. I got a screen change under warranty, and had to get a refurbished phone the day after because the screen change did nothing. A few months later it started showing the signs again, and now I can’t use it.” Wait, there’s more from Paul: “As a kicker just a couple weeks ago, the phone stopped connecting to my cellular network and AT&T said it was a phone problem, not carrier. I had to order an iPhone 7 Plus but I feel cheated out of my money as I paid full price for my 6 Plus and could’ve used it at least another year or even two, if it worked properly.” And from Katasha: “The top grey bar would almost flicker all the time, and that’s when I knew my phone wouldn’t respond to my touch. So, after dealing with this for a couple weeks, I ended up at the Apple Store, where I was told yes, it was a problem, but not something that could be fixed, nor was it covered, and I exchanged my phone for $329, to get a new one, because what else was I to do?” Tags:  Apple iPhone Patrick May Patrick May is an award-winning writer for the Bay Area News Group working with the business desk as a general assignment reporter. Over his 34 years in daily newspapers, he has traveled overseas and around the nation, covering wars and natural disasters, writing both breaking news stories and human-interest features. He has won numerous national and regional writing awards during his years as a reporter, 17 of them spent at the Miami Herald. In 1993, Pat shared with his colleagues a Pulitzer Prize for Public Service for the Herald staff's coverage of Hurricane Andrew and its aftermath. Follow Patrick May @patmaymerc Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Half Moon Bay plane crash victim identified Apple admits to iPhone ‘touch disease,’ blames users San Jose: Police arrest gang member suspected of shooting at officers Kawakami: Why the A’s had to move on from the Lew Wolff era Dungeness crab: Where to eat, buy NOW in the Bay Area Bourdain in San Jose: On Trump, Elite Yelpers, craft beer, cupcakes Debate over ‘Hamilton’ speech exposes post-election cracks DUI charges against 19-year-old woman dropped in Moss Landing double fatal crash More in Technology Best weather satellite ever built rockets into space November 20, 2016, 3:26 am The most advanced weather satellite ever built rocketed into space Saturday night, part of an $11 billion effort to revolutionize forecasting and save lives. This new GOES-R spacecraft will track U.S. weather as never before: hurricanes, tornadoes, flooding, volcanic ash clouds, wildfires, lightning storms, even solar flares. With colleges, ESL sees opportunity to expand e-sports November 20, 2016, 3:24 am At this Big Game, the band was guaranteed to not come on the field. There was no drizzle on the field. The fans stayed warm. No one was fighting for a football. In fact, this matchup between Cal and Stanford was played in a different venue — Oracle Arena. Mark Zuckerberg shares what Facebook is doing about fake news November 20, 2016, 3:26 am CEO Mark Zuckerberg on Friday responded to criticism that Facebook’s news feed rewarded false stories in the run-up to the U.S. presidential election, including a post that said Donald Trump was endorsed by the Pope. Biz Break: LinkedIn looks locked out in Russia, for now November 18, 2016, 3:25 pm LinkedIn runs afoul of a Russian law requiring data on Russian citizens to be stored on servers in the country. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription All Access Subscriptions Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps Contact Us Corrections Reprints Archive Search Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Local Guide Fry’s Ad Public Notices © 2016 Digital First Media Site Map Copyright Privacy Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Bay Area News Group Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Slate Sign In Sign Up Apple Will Charge Less to Fix iPhones Afflicted by "Touch Disease" Apple Will Charge Less to Fix iPhones Afflicted by "Touch Disease" Slate Sign In Sign Up Slate Business Insider Analyzing the top news stories across the web Nov. 18 2016 12:03 PM Apple Will Charge Less to Fix iPhones Afflicted by "Touch Disease" By Kif Leswing   "Touch Disease" causes the iPhone's display to flicker and become unresponsive to touch. Photo by Sean Gallup/Getty Images This post originally appeard on Business Insider. Apple announced on Thursday that it will fix certain issues with iPhone 6 Plus phones for $149, a significant discount from the $329 service charge the company had been offering users. Advertisement The company wrote in a service document: Apple has determined that some iPhone 6 Plus devices may exhibit display flickering or Multi-Touch issues after being dropped multiple times on a hard surface and then incurring further stress on the device. If your iPhone 6 Plus is exhibiting the symptoms noted above, is in working order, and the screen is not cracked or broken, Apple will repair your device for a service price of $149. Although Apple never uses the phrase, this is a fix for "touch disease." Advertisement The problem occurs when an internal issue in certain iPhone models — the iPhone 6 Plus, in particular — causes the display to flicker, show a gray bar at the top, and become unresponsive to touch. The issue was fairly widespread, according to our readers, who emailed us frequently after we covered the issue in October. Most people were frustrated that although Apple appeared to be aware of the issue, it would still charge out-of-warranty customers $329 for a fix. Apple says it will reimburse customers the difference if they already paid the $329 to get their iPhone 6 Plus fixed. Frustratingly, Apple is still claiming the issue is not caused by an engineering defect, but rather because the phones were "dropped multiple times on a hard surface." You can get your iPhone 6 Plus fixed at Apple retail stores and authorized service providers. See also: How to tell if your iPhone suffers from so-called 'Touch Disease,' and what to do next   Load Comments Powered by Livefyre Slate Sign In Sign Up FOLLOW SLATE Twitter Facebook Instagram SLATE ON IPHONE ANDROID KINDLE Reprints Advertise with us ABOUT US CONTACT US WORK WITH US USER AGREEMENT PRIVACY POLICY FAQ FEEDBACK CORRECTIONS Slate Group Panoply Slate is published by The Slate Group, a Graham Holdings Company. All contents © 2016 The Slate Group LLC. All rights reserved. Slate Slate Sign In Sign Up
Email Password Remember me Forgot password?     Log in with Facebook Log in with Twitter Log In news tech & science social media business entertainment life sports     Apple admits 'Touch Disease' is real, blames users for damage Listen | Print By James Walker     Nov 18, 2016 in Technology Several months after the iPhone 6's "touch disease" problem first hit the headlines, Apple has acknowledged that the touchscreens on some phones may stop working. However, it is blaming users for dropping the handsets and will be charging for repairs. Touch Disease was first reported back in August. An iFixit blog post detailed how repair specialists had been noting an influx of iPhone 6 handsets being sent in with unresponsive touchscreens and a flickering grey bar at the top of the display. The problem appeared to be a widespread hardware defect. Experts warned it could eventually affect every iPhone 6 device. Three months and a class action lawsuit later, Apple has finally accepted that Touch Disease is real. However, rather than offer the free repairs users had hoped for, the company said its devices are not at fault. It blamed users for dropping phones "multiple times" onto hard services. "Apple has determined that some iPhone 6 Plus devices may exhibit display flickering or Multi-Touch issues after being dropped multiple times on a hard surface and then incurring further stress on the device," said Apple. Apple's explanation of Touch Disease doesn't fit with what the repair shops have been seeing. iPhone handsets that haven't been dropped or placed under excessive stress have experienced the problem. It is thought that the iPhone 6 Plus' famous tendency to bend when under pressure flexes the internal connections that attach the touch controller to the logic board. Over time, the join wears down and then breaks off completely, leaving the touchscreen unusable. Touch Disease can be easily remedied at repair shops for a small expense. Apple is now offering its own discounted service price for affected handsets. The company will repair affected iPhone 6 Plus devices that are "in working order" for $149. iPhone 6 handsets are not covered by the lower repair price. Apple said only the larger Plus model is impacted by the touchscreen issues. The $149 service offer isn't the free repair that owners have been asking for. It's still more expensive than some third-party repairs and isn't even available for the smaller iPhone 6 model. While the larger Plus edition is the most at risk of Touch Disease, there have been reports of its 4.7-inch sibling running into similar issues. Micro-soldering experts had previously called on Apple to offer free warranty services to affected handsets. Apple's handling of the situation hasn't impressed customers. The company has known of the problem for months without taking action. Customers who have already had their phone repaired may be able to claim reimbursement from Apple though. Apple said its support staff will be able to help iPhone 6 Plus owners who have already paid for a repair at an Apple Store or Apple Authorized Service Provider. The reimbursement amount will equal the difference between the price paid for the original service and Apple's new $149 repair offer. Currently affected iPhone 6 Plus devices will be covered by the worldwide repair program for five years after the original date of purchase. More about Apple, iPhone, iphone 6, iphone 6 plus, touch disease   Apple iPhone iphone 6 iphone 6 plus touch disease Smartphones Mobile Latest News Top News Op-Ed: Why Kovalev deserves immediate rematch against Ward Erdogan says Turkey can spurn EU and join Shanghai Pact Merkel: from austerity queen to democratic torch-bearer UN warns time 'running out' as fresh fighting hits Aleppo New Zealand town builds underpass tunnel for penguins Review: Keith Urban headlines the Barclays Center, puts on awesome show Special Review: Barclays Center falls in love to the beat of Brett Eldredge Special France's seven centre-right presidential hopefuls 15 killed, more than 35 wounded in southern Libyan tribal clashes Philippines' Duterte meets 'hero' Putin Corporate Contact Us About Us Advertise Investors & Partners Help & Support Editorial Guidelines Terms of Use Privacy Policy News Links Latest News Live Events News Alerts GlobeNewswire News Global Press Releases 24-7PressRelease.com copyright © 2016 digitaljournal.com   |   powered by dell servers
null
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Competitions GPS & Sat Nav Mobile Apps Mobile Phone Accessories Mobile Phones Tablets Wearables & Fitness Trending: iOS 10 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / Mobile Phone News / The Note 7 debacle hurt Samsung but failed to help Apple The Note 7 debacle hurt Samsung but failed to help Apple by Chris Smith 18 November 2016 0 shares Read Comments Remember when everyone said the Note 7 recall and the ensuing fallout would send Samsung fans flocking to the iPhone 7 Plus? Well that turned out not to be the case. According to new figures, the biggest disaster in smartphone history did hurt Samsung, but Apple was not an obvious beneficiary, according to new figures. Samsung’s shipments dropped 14% compared to the same period of last year, Gartner said, which remained enough to earn 19.2% of the entire mobile industry. Related: Samsung Galaxy S8 - All the latest According to the research, Apple’s sales of 43 million iPhones accounted for 11.2% of all smartphone sales. So if Apple didn’t mop-up all of those disenfranchised Samsung fans, who did? Gartner cites a dramatic rise of Chinese manufacturers like Huawei and Oppo; the latter performing twice as well as last year. Of course the vast majority of these gains came in China, where sales of smartphones grew by 12.4 per cent. Samsung’s comeback from its worst sales slump in two years will commence with the eagerly-anticipated Galaxy S8 handset, which we’re expecting to see in February. Is the Galaxy S8 already the most important Samsung phone release ever? If the company ever needed to nail a smartphone it was this one. Are you remaining a Samsung loyalist in spite of the last few months’ shenanigans? Share your thoughts below. Galaxy S8: Everything We Know So Far Latest Deals From Ebay Samsung Galaxy S7 EDGE SM-G935F (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.5", Silver Gold Black White $595.68 View Item Samsung Galaxy S7 EDGE SM-G935F (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.5", Silver Gold Black White $595.68 View Item Samsung Galaxy S7 EDGE Duos SM-G935FD (FACTORY UNLOCKED) Black Blue Silver Gold $595.72 View Item 0 shares Read Comments toboev November 18, 2016, 6:13 pm Samsung has to be worried that every smartphone launch is accompanied by youtube videos purporting to show the device bursting into flames. Usually people get bored and eventually the attention seekers melt away, ready to try again at the next launch. Obviously they are going to be out in force for Samsung, and obviously every tech blog will syndicate the footage on a no-questions-asked basis, excusing themselves of any journalistic integrity. Of course buried in there will be one or two genuine cases - no phone is perfect. How is Samsung going to ride out the inevitable, predictable media frenzy and me-too attention seekers putting up these flaming videos every day? Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2016, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Cell Phones & Plans Business Phone Home Phone Internet Television Deals Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog! Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones Compare Cell Plans CREDO Mobile Tello Ting T-Mobile Sprint Pix Wireless The People's Operator Republic Wireless Boost Mobile Straight Talk AT&T Virgin Mobile Verizon Wireless Net10 No Contract Plans See all carriers Phone Categories Smartphone Basic Phones Waterproof/Rugged Phablets Free Phones Phone Manufacturers Apple HTC Motorola LG Samsung See All Manufacturers Cell Phone Reviews Cell Phone News Phone vs Phone Cell Phone Videos App Reviews Official Smartphone Rankings VoIP Long Distance Residential VoIP Holiday Deals Trending: iPhone 7 Google Pixel Official Smartphone Rankings Login Register Search Enter your keywords f g+ t Follow @phonedog yt         Are you planning on buying Apple's AirPods? Apple Evan Selleck Contributing Editor | November 18, 2016 41 shares 37 4 0 0 0 0 0 0 0               Earlier this year, Apple unveiled the iPhone 7 with its lack of a 3.5mm headphone jack. While Apple wasn’t the first to do it, they obviously riled up the most attention and backlash, throwing “courage” back at the company that’s putting a lot of focus on a wireless (accessories) future for its flagship smartphones. One step towards that direction is more wireless headphones. That includes more Beats-branded options, and the top of the list: AirPods. Apple’s first major foray into truly wireless earphones, they share a similar design aesthetic to the standard EarPods, but obviously they lack any wires. There are a lot of bullet points to consider when looking at the AirPods, too. They can sense when they are in your ears, and they’ll pause automatically when you take them out. There’s a simple one-tap setup process, too, which can make it easy to sync up with other Apple products, so quickly switching sources —especially with Control Center— will be easy. There’s the W1 chip inside the tiny frame, which manages better battery life, and Apple says it will also improve wireless connectivity to boot. There is five hours worth of listening, 24 hours of overall battery life, and charging them for 15 minutes will net you three hours of battery life. Like I said, there’s a lot of good stuff here. You tap on the AirPod and you call up Siri — that’s how you control things. The important things, like making a call, play a playlist, ask Siri how to get somewhere, and how to adjust the volume of what’s playing. So if you don’t want to touch your phone, and you want to turn up the volume, you have to ask Siri to do that. All of that to get here: How comfortable is that in every day usage? I can’t help but think that Apple stacked the AirPods with so much technology, that they almost got lost in the conception of it, and the technical rollout, that they overlooked a simple feature in physical controls. There are physical controls, of course. You have to tap either AirPod to get access to Siri, after all. But why stop there? We’ve seen other truly wireless headphones on the market that offer on-device controls, like the Beats Solo3 for instance, and others have just as small a profile as the AirPods. Physical controls would be easier to control playback and volume, and it also avoids any kind of awkwardness when you might happen to be around people. Talking to yourself, or to Siri, just to turn up the volume? Seems like a genuinely strange path to go down. The other features in the AirPods still have me interested, especially how easy it will be to connect to devices, but that voice-only controls has me hesitant. So I’m curious: How do you feel about the AirPods? Are they on your radar at all? Or do you plan on picking up other truly wireless headphones instead? Let me know! Apple AirPos Apple Next ArticleWhere's the best spot for a fingerprint reader? Don't forget to VOTE! Each week, PhoneDog Fans vote for their #1 smartphone in the Official Smartphone Rankings. Vote now and contribute to the industry's most relevant weekly ranking charts. Related Posts Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge launches at T-Mobile Appreciating the wonderful world of mobile technology Google Home will be available for $99 from Best Buy for Black Friday Samsung Pay and standalone operation make the Gear S3 a tempting buy View the discussion thread. Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A206G Alcatel A382G Big Easy Alcatel A392G Alcatel A394C Alcatel Authority Alcatel Big Easy Flip Black Alcatel Cinch Alcatel Dawn Alcatel Fling Black Alcatel Ideal Alcatel Idol 4 Alcatel Idol 4S Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel One Touch Idol Alcatel One Touch Scribe HD Alcatel One Touch Shockwave Alcatel One Touch Ultra Alcatel One Touch Yaris Black Alcatel OneTouch B3G Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce XL Alcatel ONETOUCH Fling Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel ONETOUCH Pixi Avion Alcatel onetouch Pixi Charm Alcatel onetouch Pixi ECLIPSE Alcatel onetouch Pixi GLITZ Alcatel onetouch Pixi Glory LTE Alcatel onetouch Pixi PULSAR Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel ONETOUCH POP Astro Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Nova Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel ONETOUCH Speakeasy Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire HD Kids Edition 6 inch Blue Amazon Fire Phone Amazon Kindle Fire 7 inch Black Amazon Kindle Fire HD 6 (2014) Amazon Kindle Fire HD 7 Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 7 inch Black 16GB Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 Black 16GB Amoi CS6 Silver Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad Apple iPad 2 Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 WiFi and 3G 16GB Black Apple iPad 4th Gen Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad mini 3 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 3 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad mini with Retina display 16GB Silver Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad Pro 9.7 Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4 32GB Black Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 4S 64GB White Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Apple iPhone SE Apple iPod Touch - 8GB Apple new iPad Apple new iPad WiFi and 4G 16GB Black Apple Watch Asus Eee Pad Memo ME370T Asus Eee Slate Asus Google Nexus 7 Asus Memo Pad 10 inch Black ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE Asus PadFone Black Asus Padfone mini Asus PadFone X ASUS PadFone X mini Asus Transformer Asus Transformer Prime TF700T ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenFone 2E Asus ZenFone 4 Asus ZenFone 5 Asus ZenFone 6 ASUS ZenFone Zoom Asus ZenWatch ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Cingular Flip AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z223 GoPhone AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox 8425 Audiovox 9200 Audiovox CDM-105 / CDM-7000 Audiovox CDM-120 Audiovox CDM-8100 Audiovox CDM-8150X Audiovox CDM-8200 Audiovox CDM-8300 Audiovox CDM-8400 / CDM-8410 Audiovox CDM-8450 / CDM-8455 / VI600 Audiovox CDM-8500 Audiovox CDM-8600 Audiovox CDM-8615 Audiovox CDM-8900 Audiovox CDM-8910 / FLASHER V7/PM-8912 Audiovox CDM-8915 / Snapper Audiovox CDM-8930 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-9100 Audiovox CDM-9150X Audiovox CDM-9155GPX Audiovox CDM-9200X Audiovox CDM-9500 Audiovox CDM-9600 Audiovox CDM-9900 Audiovox CDM-9950 Audiovox HTC-Apache / PPC-6700 Audiovox PC-3320 Audiovox PC-5220 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox PM-8920 Audiovox PPC 4100 Audiovox PPC-5050-Falcon Audiovox PPC-6600/6601 Audiovox SMT-5600 Audiovox THERA / 2032 Audiovox VI600 Audiovox VOX-8610 Audiovox XV6600 B-Mobile B1+ B-Mobile C240 3G Flip Barnes & Noble Nook 16GB Silver BenQ P50 BenQ T60 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 6210 / 6230 BlackBerry 6280 BlackBerry 6510 BlackBerry 6710 BlackBerry 6750 BlackBerry 7100g BlackBerry 7100i BlackBerry 7100r BlackBerry 7100t BlackBerry 7100v BlackBerry 7100x BlackBerry 7105t BlackBerry 7130c BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7230 / 7210 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7270 BlackBerry 7280 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 7510 BlackBerry 7520 BlackBerry 7750 BlackBerry 7780 / 7730 BlackBerry 8700c BlackBerry 8700g BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8800 BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry 8830 BlackBerry 9000-Bold BlackBerry 9330 Titanium BlackBerry 9720 White BlackBerry Apollo BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 Charcoal BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 Black BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9300 Black BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9320 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Curve-8300 BlackBerry Curve-8310 Red BlackBerry DTEK50 BlackBerry Javelin BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9100 Black BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9105 Black BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 White BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Pearl-8100 Blue BlackBerry PlayBook BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Q5 White BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Thunder-9500 BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Dash X BLU Life One M Blu Life One X BLU Life One X BLU Life Play S BLU Life Play X BLU LIFE PRO BLU Life Pure BLU Life View BLU Life View Tab BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Pure XR BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 C HD Black BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C 8+8 BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE BLU Vivo 4.8 HD BLU Vivo IV BLU Vivo XL BLU Win HD Neon Green BLU Win JR White Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder - Black & Silver CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compal AR-11 Red E SC1100 Coolpad Arise Coolpad Catalyst Coolpad Flo Coolpad Flo Black Coolpad Rogue Curitel Identity Curitel TX-110C Curitel TX-115C Curitel TX-120C Curitel TX-30B Curitel TX-50C Curitel TX-55C Curitel TX-60B/TX-61B Curitel TX-65B Curitel TX-95C Danger HIPTOP / SIDEKICK Color Danger HIPTOP / T-MOBILE SIDEKICK Danger HIPTOP 2 / SIDEKICK II Danger Sidekick-3 Danger Sidekick-iD Grey Dell Aero Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Dell Venue Dell Venue Pro Digital Chocolate Inc. Crazy Penguin Catapult Digix Tab 730 Double Power Nobis 7 Inch 8GB White DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Ematic 7 Inch HD quad-core Ematic EGD 170 Black Enact by LG Ericsson A1228C Ericsson A1228D / A1228LX Ericsson A2218Z Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson R278D Ericsson R280 / R289 Ericsson R300D / R300LX Ericsson R300Z Ericsson R380 WORLD Ericsson R520 Ericsson T28-World Ericsson T39 Ericsson T60D / T60LX Ericsson T66 Ericsson T68 Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson Z750a Eten Glofiish-X500 Firefly FireFly Franklin 3G-4G USB U600 Franklin CDU-550AL Franklin Ellipsis Jetpack Black Franklin U300 Aircard Franklin U301 USB Device Franklin U600 4G USB Stick Black Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Garmin-Asus nuvifone M20 Generic Manufacturer Sample Giveaway Item Generic Manufacturer VK-530 Google Nexus 10 16GB Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 7 Google Nexus 9 Google Nexus One Google Pixel Google Pixel C Google Pixel XL Hitachi G1000 Hitachi SH-P300 HP H6315 / H6310 HP iPAQ Glisten HP iPAQ hw6510 / hw6515 HP iPAQ-510-Voice-Messenger HP iPAQ-610-Business-Navigator HP IPAQ-6320 HP iPAQ-6325 HP iPAQ-6945 HP iPAQ-910c-Business-Messenger HP iPAQ-hw6915 HP iPAQ-hw6940 HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Netbook 9.7 inch Black HP Palm Pre 2 HP Pre 3 HP Slate 7 HP Slate10 HD HP Slate7 Extreme HP Slate7 Plus HP Slate8 Pro HP TouchPad HP Veer 4G HTC 10 HTC 3125 HTC 5800 HTC 7 Pro HTC 8125 HTC 8525 HTC 8925-Tilt HTC 8XT HTC A11 White HTC A5 Max Gray HTC Accord Black HTC All New One HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC BLUE ANGEL / MDA III / XDA IIS HTC Bolt HTC CANARY / SPV HTC Cedar HTC Dash HTC Dash 3G HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 530 HTC Desire 601 Black HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire C Black HTC Desire EYE HTC Desire Eye HTC Dream HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO V 4G Black HTC EVO View 4G HTC Excalibur HTC Faraday / 2100 / 2125 HTC First HTC Flyer HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC G1 HTC HD 7 HTC HD Mini HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Hero S HTC HIMALAYAS / XDA II / MDA II HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Lancaster HTC Legend HTC M7 (Beta) HTC Magic HTC Magician / MDA Compact HTC Max 4G HTC MDA HTC MDA Basic HTC Merge HTC Merge HTC Mogul HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC myTouch 3G 3.5mm Jack White HTC myTouch 3G Slide Black HTC myTouch 3G White HTC Nexus 9 HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One Google Play edition HTC One M7 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One mini 2 HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One VX White HTC One X HTC One X global HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC P3300 HTC P4300 HTC P4350 HTC P6500 HTC PPC6800 HTC Prophet/i-mate JAMin HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhodium HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC S710 HTC S720 HTC S730 HTC S740 HTC S743 HTC Salsa HTC SDA HTC Sensation HTC Shadow HTC Shift HTC SMT5800 HTC Snap HTC Space Needle/Pocket PC Phone HTC Star Trek/8500 HTC Status HTC Surround HTC TANAGER / SPV E100 / QTEK 7070 HTC Tattoo HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Tornado/SDA HTC Touch HTC Touch Cruise HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Diamond2 HTC Touch HD HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Touch Pro 6850 HTC Touch Viva HTC Touch-Cruise HTC Touch-DUAL HTC Touch-XV6900 HTC Trophy HTC TyTN HTC TyTN-II-Kaiser HTC Vivid HTC VOYAGER / SPV E200 / XPHONE HTC Warhawk HTC Wildfire S HTC Wing HTC X7500 HTC XV6800 Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Mate2 Huawei Ascend P1 S Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend Q Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC-3360 Huawei EC228 Huawei Express Huawei Express Mobile Hotspot Huawei Fusion 2 Black Huawei Fusion U8652 Blue Huawei Glory Huawei GX8 Huawei H110C Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei H881 Black Huawei Honor 5X Huawei Honor 6 Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Honor 8 Huawei Impulse 4G Huawei Inspira Huawei M318 Huawei M328 Huawei M735 Huawei M750 Huawei M835 Huawei M865 Huawei Magna Huawei Mate 8 Huawei Mate 9 Huawei Mate S Huawei Mercury Huawei Mercury Ice Huawei NET10 Home Phone Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei P9 Huawei P9 Plus Huawei Pal Huawei Pillar Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle 2 Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Pronto Huawei Raven Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei Summit Huawei Tap Berry Huawei Tap Midnight Blue Huawei U2800A Pal Black Huawei U3900 Black Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei UMG181 Huawei Union Huawei USBConnect Force 4G Huawei Valiant Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei W1 Huawei Watch i-mate JAM i-mate JAQ i-mate JAQ3 i-mate JASJAR 3G PDA i-mate K-JAM i-mate PDAL i-mate Smartflip i-mate SP3i i-mate SPL i-mate Ultimate 6150 i-mate Ultimate 8150 i-mate Ultimate-8502 i-mate Ultimate-9502 innostream INNO A11 innostream INNO-30 innostream INNO-55 innostream INNO-89 innostream INNO-90 innostream INNO-98 / 99 Jolla Tablet KIN One Kyocera 1135 Kyocera 1155 Kyocera 126C Kyocera 2119 Kyocera 2135 Kyocera 2235 Kyocera 2255 Kyocera 2325 Kyocera 2345 Kyocera 3225 Kyocera 323 Kyocera 3245 Kyocera 3250 Kyocera 5135 Kyocera 7135 Kyocera Adreno-S240 Black Kyocera AKTIV-K480 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera Cyclops-K312 Kyocera Cyclops-K325 Kyocera Deco-E1000 Kyocera Domino Kyocera Dorado-KX13 Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraForce Pro Kyocera DuraForce XD Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraPro Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXE Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXTP Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera Echo Kyocera ENERGI-K490 Kyocera ENERGI-K493 Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Air Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Life Kyocera Hydro REACH Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro View Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K10 Royale Kyocera K132 Kyocera K322 Kyocera K323 Kyocera K342 Kyocera K404 Kyocera K822 Kyocera K9 Kyocera KE413 / KE414 Phantom Kyocera KE424C / KX424 Blade Kyocera KE433 / K7 Rave Kyocera Kona Kyocera KPC-650 Kyocera KPC650 EVDO PC Card Kyocera KPC680-ExpressCard Kyocera KX1-SOHO Kyocera KX12 Kyocera KX16-Candid Kyocera KX18-ANGEL Kyocera KX18-JET Kyocera KX2 Kyocera KX2-KOI Kyocera KX414 Phantom Kyocera KX433 / KX434 Rave Kyocera KX440 / KX444 Kyocera KX9A Kyocera Laylo M1400 Kyocera Lingo-M1000 Kyocera Loft S2300 Black Kyocera Luno Kyocera Mako-S4000 Black Kyocera Melo S1300 Kyocera Milan-KX9B / KX9C Kyocera Milano Kyocera Neo E1100 Kyocera Oystr-KX9d Kyocera Presto Kyocera Presto Kyocera QCP-2035 Kyocera QCP-3035 Kyocera QCP-6035 Kyocera Rally Kyocera Rio Kyocera Rise Kyocera S14-Opal Kyocera S2100 Black Kyocera SE47 / SE44 / V5 Slider Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Slider-Remix-KX5 Kyocera Slider-Sonic Kyocera Strobe-K612B Kyocera Switch-Back Kyocera Tempo-E2000 Kyocera TNT Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve Kyocera Wild-Card Kyocera X-tc M2000 Kyocera Xcursion-KX160 LeapFrog Tic-Talk LeEco Le Pro3 LeEco Le S3 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro LG 221C LG 101 LG 1010 LG 109C LG 1500 LG 200 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 237C LG 290c LG 305C LG 306G LG 306G LG 320G LG 329G LG 400G LG 4015 LG 4050 LG 410G LG 420G Black LG 440G Black LG 441G LG 450 LG 4NE1 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 5450 LG 600G LG 6190 LG 620G LG 800G LG 840G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG A7110 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Apex LG Arena LG Aspire LG Attune LG AX-145 LG AX-245 LG AX-275 Silver LG AX-355 LG AX-390 LG AX-4270 LG AX-490 LG AX-8600 Silver LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX4750 LG AX5000 / UX5000 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG B470 LG Banter LG Banter Touch LG Beacon LG Beacon LG Bliss LG C1300i LG C2000 LG C900 LG CE110 LG CE500 LG CF360 LG CG180 LG CG225 LG CG300 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Classic LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Connect 4G LG Converse LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 2 Black LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG CP150 LG CU320 LG CU400 LG CU500 LG CU500v LG CU515 LG Dare LG Decoy LG Destiny LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV-VX-9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Envoy LG Envoy II LG Escape LG Escape 2 LG Esteem LG Esteem LG Exalt LG Exceed Black LG Exchange LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG F7200 LG F9100 LG F9200 LG Fathom LG Flare LG Freedom LG Fusic-LX550 LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 Google Play edition LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Pad X 8.0 LG G Pro 2 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G Watch LG G Watch R LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG G4010 / G4011 LG G4020 LG G5 LG Genesis LG Glance LG Glimmer LG GM730 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG HB620T LG Helix UX310 Orange LG Ignite LG Imprint LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Intuition LG Invision LG K10 LG K3 LG K4 LG K7 LG K8 V LG KE850-Prada LG KE970-Shine LG KF900-Prada LG KP265 LG KP500 Cookie LG KU990-Viewty LG L1150 / L1100 LG L1200 LG L1400 LG L1400i LG L34C LG L35G SIM4 LG L39C LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG LG 530G LG LG-AX-140 LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX-150 LG LX-5550 / VX-5550 LG LX1200 LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX400 LG LX535 LG LX5350 LG LX550 LG Lyric LG M4410 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Migo (sm) LG MM-535 LG Motion 4G LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Muziq-LX-570 Black LG Mystique LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus 2X LG Optimus 4X HD LG Optimus Black LG Optimus C LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F5 LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M LG Optimus M Plus LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus Plus LG Optimus Q LG Optimus Regard LG Optimus S LG Optimus S Purple LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus Slider LG Optimus U LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus V LG Optimus V LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Optimus Zone 3 LG Phoenix LG Phoenix 2 LG PM-225 LG PM-225 LG PM-325 LG Power L22C LG Premier LG Prestige LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Realm Black LG Rebel LG Remarq LG Renoir-KC910 LG Revere LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Black LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Saber LG Scoop LG Select LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Shine-CU720 LG Spirit LG Spirit 4G LG Splendor LG Spyder 830 LG Star Black LG Stylo 2 LG Stylo 2 PLUS LG Stylo 2 V LG Sunrise LG Sunset LG Swift LG Thrive LG TM-220 LG TM-510 LG TP-1100 LG TP-5200 LG TP-5250 LG Transpyre LG Trax-CU575 LG Treasure LTE LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tribute 5 LG Tribute HD LG Tritan LG U8150 LG Ultimate 2 LG UX-210 LG UX-245 LG UX-355 LG UX-390 LG UX220 LG UX4750 LG V10 LG V20 LG Venice LG Venus LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG VI5225 / 5400A LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Voyager LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX-1 / TM-520 LG VX-10 LG VX-2000 LG VX-3100 / 3100A / TM250 LG VX-3200 LG VX-3450 LG VX-4100 LG VX-4270 LG VX-4400 LG VX-4500 LG VX-4600 LG VX-4700 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5400 LG VX-6000 LG VX-6100 LG VX-7000 LG VX-8000 LG VX-8100 LG VX-8300 LG VX-8350 LG VX-8500-Chocolate LG VX-8550-Chocolate Black LG VX-8600 LG VX-8700 LG VX-9000 LG VX-9400 LG VX-9800 LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX4650 LG VX5200 LG VX5300 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8350 Red LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Wave-AX380 LG Wine II UN430 Titanium Gray LG X Power LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG Xpression 2 Blue LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Linksys Hi Port Router Lucid 3 by LG Mach Speed Trio Stealth G4 Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro G2 MEEP Children's Android Tablet Meizu M2 Note Meta M1 MW4003 Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 650 Microsoft Lumia 735 Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot by Novatel Wireless MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless MiTAC MIO-8380 MiTAC MIO-8390 Mitsubishi G310 Mitsubishi G360 Mitsubishi G410 Mitsubishi M900/M430i Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Moto E3 Moto G4 Moto G4 Play Moto G4 Plus Moto Z Force Moto Z Play Motorola HOLLYWOOD/ E815 Motorola 2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Dale-Jarrett Motorola 388C Motorola 408 Motorola A009 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A1200/MING Black Motorola A388 Motorola A6288 Motorola A630 Motorola A630 Motorola A668 Motorola A780 Motorola A810 Motorola A830 Motorola A835 Motorola A840 Motorola A845 Motorola A855 Motorola A920 Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola AURA Motorola Backflip Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola Buzz-ic502 Black Motorola C139 Motorola C155 Motorola C168i Motorola C186i Motorola C250 / C256 Motorola C261 Motorola C290 Motorola C331T Motorola C332 / C331G / C333 Motorola C343 / C343A / C341 Motorola C350G / C353 / C359 GSM Motorola C353T Motorola C370 / C450 Motorola C380 Motorola C381p Motorola C650 Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch Plus i475 Motorola Crush Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID TURBO Black Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid Xyboard 10.1 Motorola Droid Xyboard 8.2 Motorola e1000 Motorola E310 Motorola E380 Motorola E398 Motorola E680 Motorola E815 Motorola Electrify Motorola Electrify 2 Motorola Electrify M Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Grasp Motorola Heron Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola Hollywood-E816 Black Motorola i1 Motorola I2000PLUS Motorola i205 Motorola i215 Motorola i265 Motorola i275 Motorola i285 Motorola i290 Motorola i296 Black Motorola i305 Motorola I30SX Motorola i315 Motorola i325 Motorola i335 Motorola i355 Motorola I35S Motorola i365 Motorola i415 Motorola i425 Motorola i450 Motorola I50SX Motorola i530 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i530y Motorola I55SR / I58SR Motorola i560 Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i580 Motorola i605 Motorola i605 Motorola I60C Motorola i670 Motorola i710 Motorola i710 Motorola i720 Motorola i730 / i733 Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Jeff-Gordon Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Tony-Stewart Motorola i760 Motorola i776 Motorola i776W Motorola I80S Motorola i830 Motorola i830 Silver Motorola i835 Motorola i836 Motorola i850 Motorola i855 Motorola I85S / I88S Motorola i860 Motorola i870 Motorola i880 Motorola i880 Motorola i885 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola I90C Motorola i920 Motorola i930 Motorola I95CL / I99CL Motorola ic402-Blend Motorola ic602-Buzz Motorola ic902 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR-K1 Cosmic Blue Motorola KRZR-K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Luge Black Motorola Milestone 3 Motorola Milestone Plus Motorola Moto 360 Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto E Black Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto G 4G LTE Motorola Moto G Play Motorola MOTO VE66 Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Pure Motorola Moto Z Motorola MOTO Z10 Motorola MOTO ZN200 Motorola MOTO-ACTV-W450 Yellow Motorola MOTOMING-A1600 Motorola MOTOMING-A1800 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM25 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM28 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM30 Motorola MPx Motorola MPX100 Motorola MPX200 Motorola MPX220 Motorola PEBL Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q Motorola Q-11 Motorola Q9 Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9h-Global Motorola Q9m Motorola Quantico W845 Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola Razr V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR VE20 Motorola RAZR-maxx-Ve Motorola RAZR-V3 Silver Motorola RAZR-V3a Motorola RAZR-V3c Motorola RAZR-V3i Motorola RAZR-V3m Motorola RAZR-V3r Fire Red Motorola RAZR-V3s Motorola RAZR-V3t Black Motorola RAZR-V3x Dark Blue Motorola RAZR-V3xx Grey Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola RAZR2-V8 Motorola RAZR2-V9 Motorola RAZR2-V9x Black Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR-Z3 Black Motorola RIZR-Z6c Motorola RIZR-Z6tv Motorola RIZR-Z8 Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR EM35 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola ROKR-E1 Motorola ROKR-E2 Motorola ROKR-E6 Motorola ROKR-Z6 Black Motorola ROKR-Z6m Motorola Roxy-i830 Motorola Sidekick-Slide Motorola SLVR-L7 Motorola SLVR-L7c Black Motorola SLVR-L7e Motorola SLVR-L7i Motorola SLVR-L9 Motorola Stature i9 Motorola Surf A3100 Motorola T191 Motorola T280I Motorola T300P Motorola T720 / T721 Motorola T720I / T722I GSM Motorola T722i Motorola T725E Motorola T730 / T731C Motorola TALKABOUT-T193 / T193M Motorola Theory Motorola TIMEPORT P7382I Motorola TIMEPORT-270C Motorola TIMEPORT-P280 Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola U9 Black Motorola v100 Motorola v120C Motorola v120e Motorola v120T Motorola v120X Motorola V171 Motorola V173 Motorola V176 Motorola V177 Motorola v180 Motorola V188 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V195 Motorola v200 Motorola v220 Motorola V226 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V260 / V262 Motorola v265 Motorola V266 Motorola V276 Motorola v300 Motorola v323 Motorola V325 Motorola V330 Motorola V360 Motorola V365 Motorola V3a Fire red Motorola v400 Motorola V400p Motorola v500 / v525 / v505 Motorola v535 / v545 / v550 / e550 Motorola V540 Motorola V551 Motorola V555 Motorola V557 Motorola v600 Motorola V600 Motorola v60C Motorola v60G Motorola v60I-TDMA / v60TI Motorola v60P / v60S Motorola v60T Motorola v60V Motorola V60X Motorola v620 Motorola v635 Motorola V65p Motorola v66 Motorola v66I Motorola v690 Motorola v70 Motorola v710 Motorola v80 Motorola v810 Motorola V872 Motorola v878 Motorola V980 Motorola VE240 Motorola VE465 Motorola VE75 Black Motorola VU204 Motorola W160 Motorola W175 Motorola W180 Motorola W206 Motorola W213 Motorola W230 Motorola W270 Motorola W315 Black Motorola W370 Motorola W375 Motorola W375g Motorola W376g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W395 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W419G Black Motorola W490 Motorola W490 Motorola W510 Motorola W510 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XPRT Motorola Z6w Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC 232E NEC 515 NEC 525 NEC 535 NEC Terrain Neonode Freerunner Neonode N1 Neonode N2 Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot NETGEAR Unite Netgear Zing NETGEAR Zing Netgear Zing Mobile Hotspot Nextbit Robin NextBook NEXT 10P12 9.7 inch Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nixxo NXG-7300 Nixxo NXG-9230 Nokia 1006 Nokia 1100 Nokia 1101 Nokia 1108 Apple Silver Nokia 1110 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1221 Nokia 1260 / 1261 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1606 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2115i/2116i Nokia 2125i/2126i/2128i Nokia 2128 Nokia 2135 Nokia 216 Nokia 2260 Nokia 2270 Nokia 2285 / 2275 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2365i Nokia 2366i Nokia 2600 Nokia 2608 Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2650 Nokia 2651 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2700 Classic Nokia 2855 Nokia 2865 Nokia 3100 Nokia 3108 Nokia 3120 Blue Nokia 3128 Nokia 3155i / VI3155 Nokia 3200 Nokia 3205 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3230 Nokia 3250 Black Nokia 3285 Nokia 3300 Nokia 3360 / 3361 Nokia 3390 Nokia 3395 Nokia 3500-classic Nokia 3555 Nokia 3560 Nokia 3570 Nokia 3585 / 3585I Nokia 3586I / 3588I Nokia 3588i Nokia 3589I / 3587I Nokia 3590 Nokia 3595 Nokia 3600 Nokia 3600-Slide Wine Nokia 3606 Nokia 3610 Nokia 3620 Nokia 3650 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5100 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5140 Nokia 5165 Nokia 5185I Nokia 5220-XpressMusic Nokia 5300 Red Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5320-XpressMusic Nokia 5500-Sport Nokia 5530 XpressMusic Black Nokia 5610 Nokia 5630 XpressMusic Red Nokia 5700-XpressMusic Nokia 5800-XpressMusic Blue Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6015i Nokia 6016i Nokia 6020 Nokia 6021 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6060 Nokia 6061 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6086 Nokia 6100 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6101/6102 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6103 Nokia 6108 Nokia 6110 Nokia 6111 Nokia 6120-classic Nokia 6121-classic Nokia 6125 Nokia 6126 Nokia 6131 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6136 Nokia 6155i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6170 Nokia 6200 Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6215i Nokia 6220 Nokia 6225 / PM6225 Nokia 6230 Nokia 6230i Nokia 6233 Black Nokia 6235i/6236i Nokia 6255i Nokia 6256i Nokia 6260 Nokia 6260 slide Black Nokia 6263 Nokia 6265 Nokia 6267 Nokia 6270 Mist Blue Nokia 6275i Nokia 6280 Grey Nokia 6282 Nokia 6290 Nokia 6300 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6303 Classic Silver Nokia 6305i Nokia 6310I Nokia 6315i Nokia 6340 Nokia 6340I Nokia 6350 Nokia 6360 Nokia 6370 Nokia 6385 Nokia 6500-Slide Nokia 6555 Nokia 6560 Nokia 6585 Nokia 6590 / 6590I Nokia 6600 Nokia 6600-fold Nokia 6600-Slide Nokia 6610 Nokia 6610I Nokia 6620 Nokia 6630 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6651 Nokia 6670 Nokia 6680 Nokia 6682/6681 Nokia 6700 Classic Sliver Nokia 6708 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6810 Nokia 6820/6820i Nokia 6822 Nokia 7160 Nokia 7190 Nokia 7200 Nokia 7210 Nokia 7250 / 7250I Nokia 7260 Nokia 7270 Nokia 7280 Nokia 7360 White Amber Nokia 7370 Brown Nokia 7380 Nokia 7510 Nokia 7600 Nokia 7610 Nokia 7610 Supernova Nokia 7700 Nokia 7710 Nokia 7900-Prism Nokia 8260 Nokia 8265 / 8265I Nokia 8270 Nokia 8290 Nokia 8390 Nokia 8600-Luna Nokia 8800 / 8801 Nokia 8800 Arte Nokia 8890 Nokia 9290 Nokia 9300 Nokia 9300i Nokia 9500 Nokia Astound Nokia C6 White Nokia E50 Nokia E51 Nokia E55 Black Aluminium Nokia E61 Nokia E61i Nokia E62 Nokia E63 Ruby Red Nokia E65 Mocca Silver Nokia E66 Nokia E70 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E72 Nokia E73 Mode Nokia E75 Red Nokia E90 Nokia Intrigue 7205 Silver Keypad Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1320 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Red Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 520 Black Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 620 Cyan Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 800 Magenta Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mirage 2605 Nokia Mural Nokia N-Gage Nokia N-GAGE QD Nokia N1 Nokia N70 Nokia n71 Nokia N72 Nokia N73 Nokia N73 Deep Plum Silver Nokia N75 Nokia N76 Red Nokia N78 Nokia N79 Nokia N8 Black Nokia N80 Nokia N81-8GB Nokia N810 Silver Nokia N810 WiMax edition Nokia N82 Nokia N85 Nokia N86 Black Nokia N90 Nokia N900 Nokia N91 Light Chrome Nokia N93 Nokia N95 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia N96 Nokia N97 Nokia N97 Mini Nokia NGage Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Shade 2705 Nokia Shorty Nokia Supernova-7210 Nokia Supernova-7310 Nokia Supernova-7510 Nokia Surge Nokia Tiger White Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Nokia X2 Novatel Broadband2Go Novatel EX720 Express PC Card Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel MiFi Liberate Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel Ovation-U727 Novatel S720 Novatel S720-Wireless-PC-Card Novatel U720 PC/Mac Card Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel USB720 Novatel USB727-Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V620-EV-DO-PC-card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V640-PC-Card Novatel V740 Express Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card o2 XDA Ignito o2 XDA-Stealth OnePlus 2 OnePlus 3 OnePlus 3T OnePlus One OnePlus One OnePlus X Oppo N1 Option GT-Max-3.6-Express Option GT-Max-Wireless-Card Option GT-Ultra Option GT-Ultra-Express Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Palm 680 Palm 700p Palm 700w-CDMA Palm 700wx Palm 750 Palm 755p Blue Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Palm TREO-180 Palm Treo-270 Palm TREO-300 Palm TREO-600-GSM Palm TREO-650 Panasonic ALLURE-EB-TX310 Panasonic DURAMAX-EB-TX220 Panasonic G50 / G51 Panasonic G51U Panasonic G60U Panasonic G70 Panasonic GD55 / A100 Panasonic GD87 / GU87 Panasonic VERSIO-EB-TX320 Panasonic VS7 Panasonic X11 Panasonic X300 Panasonic X500 Panasonic X70 Panasonic X700 Panasonic X800 Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Breeze IV Black Pantech Breeze-C520 Pantech Burst Pantech C150 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech C630 Pantech Caper Pantech CDM-180 Pantech CDM8635 Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Discover Pantech Duo-C810 Pantech Ease Pantech Element Pantech Flex Pantech Hero/PN-8300 Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Ocean Pantech Ocean 2 Pantech P7040p Pantech Perception Pantech Perception Pantech PG-8000 Pantech PG-C120 Pantech PG-C300 Pantech PN-215 Pantech PN-218 Pantech PN-320 Pantech PN-3200 Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech PX-500 Pantech Renue Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Snapper Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem Pantech UMW190 Global USB Modem Pantech Vybe PCD CDM 8950 PCD CDM-8975 PCD Chaser PCD Escapade PCD Razzle PCD Sprint Phone Connect Black PCD TXTM8 PCD Venture Black Pebble Steel Black Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Sagem MY-X-5P Sagem my301L Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A157 Gray Samsung A177 Samsung A580 Samsung Access Samsung Acclaim SCH-r880 Samsung Admire Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Axle Samsung Beam Samsung Beat Samsung Beat DJ M7600 Samsung Beat-SGH-T539 Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Blackjack-2-SGH-617 Black Samsung BlackJack-SGH-i607 Samsung Blast-SGH-T729 Samsung Brightside Samsung Byline R310 Samsung Caliber SCH-r850 Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Character Gray Samsung Chianti Samsung Chrono Samsung Chrono 2 Samsung Cobra M320-Burgundy Samsung Code Samsung Comeback Samsung Comment Samsung Comment 2 Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung Craft SCH-r900 Samsung D415 Samsung D510 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung Diane-Von-Furstenberg-Mobile Samsung DoubleTime Samsung Drift Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E350 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Emporio-Armani-M7500 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epic 4G Touch Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exec SCH-i225 Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung F110-Adidas-miCoach Samsung F700 Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Fin Samsung Finesse r810 Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot-U900 Black Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform 4 Samsung Freeform 5 Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung G800 Samsung Galaxy 4 mini White Samsung Galaxy A5 Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 3 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Amp Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Axiom Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy E5 Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express 3 Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Express Prime Samsung Galaxy Gear Samsung Galaxy Go Prime Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy i7500 Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Samsung Galaxy J2 Samsung Galaxy J3 (2016) Samsung Galaxy J3 V Samsung Galaxy J5 Samsung Galaxy J7 Samsung Galaxy K zoom Samsung Galaxy Legend Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Luna Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 5.8 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Metrix 4G Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note5 Samsung Galaxy Note7 Samsung Galaxy On5 Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Premier Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 White Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Aviator Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket HD Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S WiFi 4.2 White Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S7 Active Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Samsung Galaxy Sky Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 7.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S White Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Tab4 7.0 White Samsung Galaxy TabPRO Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear Live Samsung Gear S Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gear S3 Classic Samsung Gear S3 Frontier Samsung Gem Samsung Gleam-U700 Samsung Glint Pink Samsung Gloss SCH-U440 Samsung Glyde Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung GT2 Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Gusto 3 Blue Samsung Haven Samsung Heat Samsung Highlight Samsung Highlight T749 Ice Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung i400 Samsung i740 Samsung i8510 Samsung i900-Omnia Samsung Illusion Samsung Impact Samsung Impression Samsung Indulge Samsung Infinity Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Instinct s30 Touch of Copper Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830w Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung JetSet-R550 Samsung Jitterbug-SPH-A110 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Katalyst-SGH-T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung LTE MiFi Samsung LTE Mobile HotSpot Pro Samsung Lucello Samsung M140 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M3200-Beat-S Samsung M330 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M510 Pink Samsung M520 Samsung M575 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Mantra M340 Samsung Memoir Samsung Mesmerize Samsung Messager II R560 Samsung Messager III Samsung Messager R450 Samsung Messager Touch SCH-r630 Blue Samsung Mirage-i907 Samsung MM-A700 Samsung MM-A800 Samsung MM-A880 Samsung MM-A900 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A940 Samsung Moment Samsung Mondi WiMAX SWD-M100 Samsung Montage Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung MyShot II R460 Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia HD i8910 Samsung Omnia II Samsung P300 Samsung Pivot Samsung Pixon-M8800 Samsung PM-A740 Samsung PM-A840 Samsung Precedent Samsung Profile Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Repp Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby III Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S125 Black Samsung S150G Black Samsung S275G Samsung S336C Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH r451c Samsung SCH-A220 Samsung SCH-A310 Samsung SCH-A530 Samsung SCH-A570 Samsung SCH-A610 Samsung SCH-A630 Samsung SCH-a645 Samsung SCH-A650 Samsung SCH-A670 Samsung SCH-A690 Samsung SCH-A770 Samsung SCH-A790 Samsung SCH-A850 Samsung SCH-A870 Samsung SCH-A890 Samsung SCH-A930 Samsung SCH-A950 Samsung SCH-A970 Samsung SCH-A990 Samsung SCH-I600 / SP-I600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-i760 Samsung SCH-i830 Samsung SCH-N150 Samsung SCH-N330 Samsung SCH-N370 Samsung SCH-R200 Samsung SCH-R300 Samsung SCH-R400 Samsung SCH-R410 Samsung SCH-r470 Red Samsung SCH-r500 Hue Samsung SCH-R610 Samsung SCH-T300 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U340-Snap Samsung SCH-U410 Samsung SCH-U420 Samsung SCH-u430 Black Samsung SCH-U470-Juke Navy Samsung SCH-U520 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U550 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung SCH-U740 Alias Samsung Seek Samsung SGH A237-Blue Samsung SGH A777 Blue Samsung SGH T429 Samsung SGH-A107 Samsung SGH-a127 Samsung SGH-A137 Samsung SGH-A167 Samsung SGH-A187 Blue Samsung SGH-A197 Black Samsung SGH-A226 Samsung SGH-A227 Samsung SGH-A437 Red Samsung SGH-A517 Samsung SGH-A637 Samsung SGH-a657 Samsung SGH-A717 Samsung SGH-A727 Samsung SGH-A736 Samsung SGH-A737 Blue Samsung SGH-C207 Samsung SGH-C225 Samsung SGH-C416 Black Samsung SGH-C417 Grey Samsung SGH-D100 Samsung SGH-D307 Samsung SGH-D357 Samsung SGH-D407 Samsung SGH-D415 / SGH-D410 Samsung SGH-D500 Samsung SGH-D520 Samsung SGH-D600 Samsung SGH-D700 Samsung SGH-D720 Samsung SGH-d800 Samsung SGH-D806 Black Samsung SGH-D807 Grey Samsung SGH-D820 Samsung SGH-D840 Samsung SGH-D900 Samsung SGH-E105 Samsung SGH-E315 Samsung SGH-E316 / SGH-E317 Samsung SGH-E335 Samsung SGH-E360 Samsung SGH-E400 Samsung SGH-E600 Samsung SGH-E610 Samsung SGH-E630 Samsung SGH-E635 Samsung SGH-E640 Samsung SGH-E715 Samsung SGH-E720 Samsung SGH-E730 Samsung SGH-E760 Samsung SGH-E770 Samsung SGH-E840 Samsung SGH-E870 Samsung SGH-E880 Samsung SGH-E900 Samsung SGH-i250 Samsung SGH-i300 Samsung SGH-i320 Samsung SGH-I505 / SGH-I500 Samsung SGH-I700 Samsung SGH-N105 Samsung SGH-N625 Samsung SGH-P100 Samsung SGH-P107 Samsung SGH-P207 Samsung SGH-P400 / SGH-P408 Samsung SGH-P500 Samsung SGH-P705 Samsung SGH-P716 / SGH-P710 Samsung SGH-P735 / SGH-P730 Samsung SGH-P777 Samsung SGH-P850 Samsung SGH-Q105 Samsung SGH-R225 / SGH-R225M Samsung SGH-S105 / SGH-S100 Samsung SGH-S200 Samsung SGH-S300 / SGH-S300M Samsung SGH-S307 Samsung SGH-T101G Samsung SGH-T139 Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung SGH-T201G Samsung SGH-T209 Red Samsung SGH-T219 Chocolate Samsung SGH-T229 Samsung SGH-T239 Maroon Samsung SGH-T249 Blue Samsung SGH-T259 Samsung SGH-T301G Samsung SGH-t309 Samsung SGH-t319 Samsung SGH-t349 Samsung SGH-T369 Samsung SGH-T409 Samsung SGH-T439 Samsung SGH-T509 Silver Samsung SGH-T509s Plum Samsung SGH-T519 Trace Samsung SGH-T609 Samsung SGH-T619 Samsung SGH-T629 Samsung SGH-T639 Samsung SGH-t659 Samsung SGH-T709 Samsung SGH-T719 Samsung SGH-T809 Samsung SGH-t819 Samsung SGH-V100 Samsung SGH-V205 / V200 / V206 Samsung SGH-X105 Samsung SGH-X400 Samsung SGH-X426 / SGH-X427 Samsung SGH-X450 Samsung SGH-X475 Samsung SGH-X480 Samsung SGH-X495 Samsung SGH-X496 Samsung SGH-X497 Samsung SGH-X506 Samsung SGH-X507 Samsung SGH-X640 Grey Samsung SGH-X660 Samsung SGH-X820 Samsung SGH-X830 Black Samsung SGH-ZX10 Samsung SGH-ZX20 Samsung Showcase Samsung Sidekick 4G Samsung Slash Samsung SLM-SGH-A747 Blue Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Socializer B3310 Pink Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung SPH-A250 Samsung SPH-A400 Samsung SPH-A420 Samsung SPH-A460 Samsung SPH-A500 Samsung SPH-A520 Samsung SPH-A540 Samsung SPH-A560 Samsung SPH-A580 Samsung SPH-A600 Samsung SPH-A620 / VGA1000 Samsung SPH-A640 Samsung SPH-A660 / VI660 Samsung SPH-A680 / VM-A680 Samsung SPH-A740 Samsung SPH-A760 Samsung SPH-A820 Samsung SPH-A860 Samsung SPH-A960 Samsung SPH-I300 Samsung SPH-i325-Ace Samsung SPH-I330 Samsung SPH-I500 Samsung SPH-I550 Samsung SPH-I700 Samsung SPH-M300 Silver Samsung SPH-M500 Red Samsung SPH-M610 Samsung SPH-N200 Samsung SPH-N240 Samsung SPH-N270 Matrix Samsung SPH-N290 Samsung SPH-N400 Samsung SPH-P9000 Samsung SPH-S100 Samsung SPH-Z400 Samsung SPH/SCH-N300 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stratosphere II Black Samsung Stride R335 Samsung Strike T459 Lime Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Stripe-SGH-T329 Black Samsung Strive Samsung Stunt Samsung Suede Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung SYNC-SGH-A707 Samsung T105G Black Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T245G Gray Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung Tocco T919 Samsung Trance Samsung Transfix SCH-R730 Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung Trill SCH-r520 Samsung Trinity Samsung U370 Black Samsung U430 Samsung Ultra Touch S8300 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung UpStage-M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung Vitality Samsung Wafer-R510 Samsung Wave S8500 Samsung X495 Samsung Z500 Samsung Z510 Samsung Z540 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Juno SCP2700 Deep Blue Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana Blue Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo Katana-DLX Champagne Sanyo Katana-II Cosmic Black Sanyo M1 Sanyo M1 Sanyo Mirro SCP3810 Sanyo MM-5600 Sanyo MM-7500 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo MM-8300 Red Sanyo MM-9000 Sanyo MM7400 Sanyo MVP Sanyo PM8200 / SCP-8200 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo RL-4930 Sanyo RL4920 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-200 Pink Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2400 Misty Rose Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3100 Pure Silver Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3200 Black Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo SCP-4700 Sanyo SCP-4900 Sanyo SCP-5150 Sanyo SCP-5300 Sanyo SCP-5400 / RL2500 Sanyo SCP-5500 / VM4500 Sanyo SCP-6000 Sanyo SCP-6200 Sanyo SCP-6400 Sanyo SCP-7000 Black Sanyo SCP-7050 Sanyo SCP-7200 / RL2000 Sanyo SCP-7300 / RL7300 Sanyo SCP-8100 Sanyo SCP-8400 Midnight Black Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo VI-2300 Pink Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sendo M551 Sendo S-251 Sendo X Sendo Z100 Sharp 903 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp Aquos Crystal White Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Sharp GX-10 / GX-10I Sharp GX-15 / GZ100 Sharp GX-20 / GX-22 Sharp GX-25 Sharp GX-30 / GX-32 Sharp Sidekick 3 Sharp Sidekick-LX Blue Sharp T-Mobile Sidekick - Tony Hawk Edition Sharp TM-100 Sharp TM-150 Sharp TM-200 Sharp Z-800-Audiovox-7900 Siemens A56 / A56I Siemens A60 Siemens A65 Siemens C56 Siemens C60 Siemens C61 Siemens C62 Siemens CF62T Siemens CF63 / CF62/CF62t Siemens CT56 Siemens CT66 / C66 / C65 Siemens CX66 / CX65 Siemens M46 Siemens M55 Siemens M56 Siemens M65 Siemens MC60 Siemens S40 Siemens S46 Siemens S55 Siemens S56 Siemens S66 Siemens SK65 Siemens SL55 Siemens SL56 Siemens SL65 Siemens SX1 Siemens SX56 Siemens SX66 Siemens U10 Siemens U15 Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 250U Aircard Silver Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PC Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PC/Mac Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597E-PC-Card Sierra Wireless Air-Card-875 Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Aircard-860 Sierra Wireless Aircard-875u Sierra Wireless AirCard-881 Sierra Wireless Mercury USB Modem Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Mobile Hotspot Sierra Wireless U597 Aircard Sierra Wireless Unite Sierra Wireless USBConnect Shockwave Sierra Wireless USBConnect-881 Sierra Wireless VOQ-A11 SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP5 Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson C510 Silver Sony Ericsson C702a Sony Ericsson C901 Noble Black Sony Ericsson C902 Red Sony Ericsson C903 Red Sony Ericsson C905 Sony Ericsson D750 Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson G700 Business Edition Sony Ericsson GC79 Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC82 Sony Ericsson GC83 Sony Ericsson GC89 Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson GC99 Sony Ericsson Idou Sony Ericsson J220 Sony Ericsson J300a Sony Ericsson K500 Sony Ericsson K510a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K600i Sony Ericsson K660i Red Sony Ericsson K700I Sony Ericsson K750i Sony Ericsson K770 Truffle Brown Sony Ericsson K790 Sony Ericsson K790a Sony Ericsson K800-Euro Sony Ericsson K850i Sony Ericsson M600i Sony Ericsson Mix Walkman Sony Ericsson P800 Sony Ericsson P900 Sony Ericsson P910 Sony Ericsson P990i Sony Ericsson R300 Antique Copper Sony Ericsson R306a Sony Ericsson S312 Dawn Blue Sony Ericsson S500 Sony Ericsson S700I Sony Ericsson S710A Sony Ericsson T106 Sony Ericsson T200 Sony Ericsson T206 Sony Ericsson T226 Sony Ericsson T237 Sony Ericsson T280a Sony Ericsson T290 Sony Ericsson T300 Sony Ericsson T306 Sony Ericsson T310 Sony Ericsson T316 Sony Ericsson T600 Sony Ericsson T606 Sony Ericsson T608 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T616 Sony Ericsson T61C Sony Ericsson T61D / T61LX Sony Ericsson T61Z Sony Ericsson T62U Sony Ericsson T630 Sony Ericsson T637 Sony Ericsson T68I Sony Ericsson T700 Sony Ericsson T707 Mysterious Black Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson txt pro Sony Ericsson V800 Sony Ericsson W200 Sony Ericsson W300i Sony Ericsson W302 White Sony Ericsson W380a electric purple Sony Ericsson W395 Blush Titanium Sony Ericsson W508 Sony Ericsson W580i White Sony Ericsson W595 Sony Ericsson W600i Sony Ericsson W610 Sony Ericsson W705 Sony Ericsson W710i Sony Ericsson W715 Sony Ericsson W760 Black Sony Ericsson W800i Sony Ericsson W810 Sony Ericsson W850 Sony Ericsson w850i Sony Ericsson W890i Black Sony Ericsson W900i White Sony Ericsson W902 Sony Ericsson W910 Black Sony Ericsson W950 Sony Ericsson W980 Sony Ericsson W995 Progressive Black Sony Ericsson Xperia Arc Misty Silver Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Pro Sony Ericsson Xperia X2 Sony Ericsson XPERIA-X1 Sony Ericsson Z200 Sony Ericsson Z300a Sony Ericsson Z310a Jet Black Sony Ericsson Z500 / Z500a Sony Ericsson Z520a Sony Ericsson Z525a Sony Ericsson Z550a Sterling Sony Ericsson Z555a Black Sony Ericsson Z600 Sony Ericsson Z610 Airy Blue Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Ericsson Z780 Grand Onyx Sony SmartWatch 3 Sony Xperia acro S Black Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia L Red Sony Xperia M Yellow Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia P Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia S Sony Xperia SP Sony Xperia SP White Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia Tablet Z Sony Xperia tipo dual Classic Black Sony Xperia tipo Serene Black Sony Xperia TL Sony Xperia U Sony Xperia X Sony Xperia X Performance Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia XA Sony Xperia XA Ultra Sony Xperia XT Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z Ultra Sony Xperia Z1 Sony Xperia Z1 Compact Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 tablet Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z3v White Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Sony Z Ultra Google Play edition SpareOne Emergency Phone Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 665 Navy Blue T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sonic 2.0 Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Wing Telson TDC-8100 Toshiba CDM-9950 / VM4050 Toshiba Excite 10 LE Toshiba Excite Pro Toshiba Excite Pure Toshiba Excite Write Toshiba TG01 Toshiba Thrive 16GB Toshiba VM-4050 Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo UNIMAX MAXPatriot Unimax MXE-675 Unimax U671C Black UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom 5740-PC-Card UTStarcom Arc-CDM-8074 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom Casio-G'zOne-Type-S UTStarcom CDM-220 UTStarcom CDM-7025 UTStarcom CDM-7026 UTStarcom CDM-7075 UTStarcom CDM-7126 UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom G'zOne UTStarcom Knick UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom PC5750-PC-Card UTStarcom PCS-1450 / CDM-1450 UTStarcom Quickfire Gray UTStarcom Shuttle UTStarcom Slice-PCS-1400 UTStarcom UM150-USB-Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB Velocity Micro Cruz 10 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz 7 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz T510 10 inch Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon Adamant Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Wireless 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon Wireless Ellipsis Black 7 Inch Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MiFi 5510L Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe Visual Land Prestige 7Q Black Vizio VIA Phone Vizio VIA Tablet VK Mobile Kickflip vtech A700 Wikipad 7 inch tablet Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xiaomi Mi 3 Xiaomi Mi 4i Xiaomi Redmi 2 Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 Zenum International Mobile Hotspot ZTE 4G LTE Router with Voice ZTE Agent ZTE Allstar ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE AT&T Home Phone Connect ZTE Atrium ZTE Avail ZTE Avail 2 ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid Plus ZTE AWE ZTE Axon 7 ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE C78 ZTE C79 ZTE Chorus ZTE Citrine ZTE Compel ZTE Compel Black ZTE Concord II ZTE Director ZTE Engage ZTE Engage LT ZTE Flash ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S ZTE Grand S II ZTE Grand S Pro ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X 3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Groove Black ZTE Illustra ZTE Imperial ZTE Jetpack ZTE Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot EuFi890 ZTE Lever ZTE LivePro ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Maven 2 ZTE Max Duo ZTE Memo ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE MSGM8 II ZTE Mustang ZTE Mustang ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Nubia Z11 ZTE Nubia Z5 ZTE Obsidian ZTE Optik ZTE Optik ZTE Overture ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Paragon ZTE Prelude ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Reef ZTE Salute ZTE Savvy ZTE Scend ZTE Score ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Sonata 4G White ZTE Source Black ZTE Speed ZTE Stratos ZTE Supreme ZTE Supreme ZTE Tempo ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Unite ZTE Valet ZTE Velocity ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp 7 ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Whirl 2 ZTE Whirl 2 Black ZTE Z221 Black ZTE Z222 ZTE Z331 Black ZTE Z431 Black ZTE Z432 ZTE Z432 Black ZTE Z667 ZTE Z768 Midnight Blue ZTE Z990 ZTE Z992 Black ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 ZTE ZMax Pro ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-day cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-minute cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-month 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Family Choice Plan cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1600 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 4500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 6500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Family Choice Premier 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Smart Choice 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 1400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 2100 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 4000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 6000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 750 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 900 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom Unlimited cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 5500 cell phone plan details amp'd $100 National 3000 cell phone plan details amp'd $150 National Unlimited cell phone plan details amp'd $30 National 500 cell phone plan details amp'd $70 National 1500 cell phone plan details amp'd End The Boredom cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overdose cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overload cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 200 MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry for 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone 4S Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $2 Daily Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $25 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $35 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone 10¢ per Minute cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 250MB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 3GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 5GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone $2 day Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone 10¢ per minute cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (10GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (15GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (1GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (20GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (2GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (300MB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (30GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (40GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (4GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (50GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (6GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 100GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 16GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 80GB AT&T Mobile Share Data 20GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 40GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 4GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Wireless Home Phone cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 8GB cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 1350 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 2000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 1400 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 2100 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 3000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 700 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $49.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $9.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 1400 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 2100 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 550 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 700 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 1400 - NWCFT1400 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 2100 - NWCFT2100 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 3000 - NWCFT3000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 4000 - NWCFT4000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 6000 - NWCFT6000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 700 - NWCFT700 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Senior Nation 200 cell phone plan details AT&T Unlimited Data with DIRECTV AT&T Unlimited Home Phone Calling cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1350 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1400 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 2000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 2100 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 3000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 450 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 700 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 900 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico Additional Line cell phone plan details | PhoneDog BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 250MB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 5GB Boost Mobile $35 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $45 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $50 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $2 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Family Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data Boost Mobile Pay As You Go Phone 20¢ per minute cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Unlimited Starter Boost Mobile Unlimited Unhook'd Cellular One Local 3000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1600 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 2200 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 4000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 6000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 9000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National Workday cell phone plan details Cellular One Regional 2600 cell phone plan details Cellular One Statewide 400 cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - National Anytime cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - Statewide cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1000 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1500 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 600 cell phone plan details CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan Cricket $25 Talk & Text cell phone plan details Cricket $40 Basic Plan or $35 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $50 Smart plan or $45 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $60 Pro plan or $55 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Alpha $30 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Battalion $160 4 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Bravo $35 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Brigade $240 6 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Charlie $45 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Delta $60 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Platoon $145 3 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Regiment $195 5 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Squad $110 2 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Xray $80 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Yankee $100 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Zulu $110 monthly cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1200 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 10000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1100 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 6000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1250 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 600 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 1300 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 450 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 750 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 900 cell phone plan details Einstein Basic cell phone plan details Einstein Extreme cell phone plan details Einstein Plus cell phone plan details Einstein Value cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 1000 cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 500 cell phone plan details FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan Liberty Wireless 10 Cents A Minute Flat Rate cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 2000 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Unlimited N&W 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 200 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 650 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless True Liberty cell phone plan details MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $45 Unlimited cell phone plan details MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $40 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $50 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $60 plan cell phone plan details Net10 $35 Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details Net10 $40 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $60 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $65 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $75 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 1000 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 200 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 500 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Four People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Three People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Two People cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide calling cell phone plan details Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide plus International calling cell phone plan details NTelos $39.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $49.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $59.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $69.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $99.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $29.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $39.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $49.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $59.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $79.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $99.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $55.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $75.99 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless Nationwide 100 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless On-The-Fly cell phone plan details Pix Wireless $10 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $10 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $12 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $12 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $15 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $15 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $20 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $20 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $25 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $25 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $30 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $35 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $40 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $40 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $50 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $55 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $65 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $75 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $75 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $9 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $9 GSM Weekly Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Unlimited cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Mexico Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Smartphone Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $65 Global Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $25 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $35 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $50 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $60 cell phone plan details Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan Republic Wireless Clear Choice Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 10GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 4GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 6GB Data ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $10 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $100 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $25 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $5 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $50 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $15 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $18 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $5 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $80 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $9 Sprint 100MB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 12GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 1GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 12GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 6GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Hotspot Connection 3GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 6GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Basic Plan cell phone plan details Sprint Better Choice L Sprint Better Choice M Sprint Better Choice S Sprint Better Choice XL Sprint Better Choice XS Sprint Better Choice XXL Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $15 per non-discounted phone 20BB-60GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $25 per non-discounted phone 600MB-16GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $40 per discounted phone all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Mobile Broadband $20 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Tablet $10 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint My All-in cell phone plan details Sprint Phone Connect cell phone plan details Sprint Premium Data add-on cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $35 unlimited talk & text with 1GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $45 unlimited talk & text with 3GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $55 unlimited talk & text with 6GB data cell phone plan details Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited Freedom Sprint Unlimited Freedom Premium Sprint Unlimited My Way cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited My Way Family cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited Single Line Sprint Unlimited Talk, Text & High Speed Data Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited Straight Talk Unlimited Plus International SunCom now T-Mobile America 1200 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 1800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 2300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America Unlimited cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 1250 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 2500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional UnPlan cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile SunCom NEW cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile UnPlan Tri-Cities 2000 cell phone plan details SureWest Local Value - 2yr. - $29.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited - 2yr. - $33.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 1yr. - $45.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 2yr. - $39.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 1yr. - $49.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 2yr. - $44.00 cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice Unlimited cell phone plan details T-Mobile Old Family plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile ONE T-Mobile ONE Plus T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 10.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 12GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 4.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 6.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 8.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Pay As You Go T-Mobile PrePaid 1000 Whenever minutes $100 cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid 1500 Talk & Text (with 30MB of data) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and High Speed Internet (first 5GB at up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and Web (first 100 MB up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice 1GB 4G LTE Data plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 2.5GB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice No Credit Check T-Mobile Simple Choice Prepaid T-Mobile Simple Choice Unlimited Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text Telcel America 30 Days Basic International $29 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Plus Plan Unlimited $60 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $40 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $50 cell phone plan details Telcel America 7 Days Unlimited Plus Plan $20 cell phone plan details Tello $10 Pay As You Go Tello $10 Talk & Text Tello $10 Talk Only Tello $10 Talk-Text-Data Tello $11 Data Only Tello $12 Talk-Text-Data Tello $13 Talk-Text-Data Tello $14 Talk-Text-Data Tello $16 Talk-Text-500MB Tello $16 Talk-Text-Data Tello $17 Talk-Text-Data Tello $18 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $18 Talk-Text-Data Tello $19 Talk-Text-Data Tello $20 Pay As You Go Tello $20 Talk-Text-Data Tello $21 Data Only Tello $21 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $21 Talk-Text-Data Tello $24 Talk-Text-Data Tello $27 Talk-Text-Data Tello $45 Data Only Tello $5 Pay As You Go Tello $5 Talk & Text Tello $5 Talk Only Tello $50 Pay As You Go Tello $6 Talk & Text Tello $7 Talk Only Tello $8 Talk & Text Tello $9 Talk-Text-Data Tello Unlimited Talk & Text Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 200MB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Tello Unlimited Talk Only TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 12GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TPO Goodness to Go Big TPO Goodness to Go Low TPO Goodness to Go Mega TPO Goodness to Go More TPO Goodness to Go Plus TPO Goodness to Go Pro TPO Infinity TPO Unlimited Goodness Caring TPO Unlimited Goodness Global TPO Unlimited Goodness Gracious TPO Unlimited Goodness Hero TPO Unlimited Goodness Kind TPO Unlimited Goodness Noble TPO Unlimited Goodness North America TPO Unlimited Goodness People's TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 30 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 40 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 50 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 65 Tracfone $19.99 plan - 60 units cell phone plan details Tracfone $29.99 plan - 120 units cell phone plan details TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 125 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 200 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 50 Family Value Plan cell phone plan details Tracfone 50 Value Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 3GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 75GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk & Text Additional Line cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk 1000 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 2GB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 500MB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect Unlimited Data for Basic Phones cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Talk Only Pay-As-You-Go-Minutes cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Basic Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Home Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Mobile Hotspot cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Vehicle Monitoring cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Wireless Modem cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Talk 450 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1500 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 5000 Mins Talk US Mobile 750 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless $60 Single Line Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 25 MB Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Camera cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line plus Canada Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Tablets cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 8GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 10 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 5 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Tablet Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything USB Modem or Jetpack Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus Two-Line SharePlan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Messaging Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 1350 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 3000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Premium Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Unlimited Push-To-Talk cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.00 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $1.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $15 for 250 MB of data weekly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $35 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $45 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 for 3 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $70 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 4GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $90 for 10 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon Prepaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon PrePaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Unlimited Corporate Email & Web cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk BlackBerry $50 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $35 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $70 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $25 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $55 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go 100 MB for 10 days cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Data Love Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Basic Rate cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data & Text Plus 300 minutes cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data, Talk, & Text cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything plus International cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited plus International plus Extra cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Virgin mobile #5 cell phone plan details Number of Lines: - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes 500 Messages Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB125MB150MB200MB250MB300MB375MB400MB500MB600MB625MB700MB800MB900MB938MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB24GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Featured Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Unboxing and First Impressions Beau Hamilton 1 week 4 days ago 7 shares 4 3 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 LeEco Le Pro3 Unboxing and First Impressions Beau Hamilton 2 weeks 1 day ago iPhone 7 Review: One Month Later! Marco Hanna 2 weeks 6 days ago 12 shares 7 2 0 1 0 0 1 1 0 MacBook Pro (13-inch 2016) Unboxing! Marco Hanna 3 weeks 1 day ago 10 shares 6 2 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 More Featured Articles Official Smartphone Rankings People's Choice Expert's Choice HTC 10 29 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 9 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × LG G5 8 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Huawei Nexus 6P 8 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy Note 5 8 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Apple iPhone 7 Plus 1 Votes Apple iPhone 7 2 Votes HTC 10 29 Votes More People's Choice Latest Videos LG G5 Review: Two Months Later 12 shares 2 3 0 1 0 0 3 1 2 Battle of the Flagships: Design 27 shares 18 7 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 HTC 10 Challenge: The Best Built Smartphone? 18 shares 6 2 0 7 0 0 1 0 2 More Videos This Week's "People's Choice Rankings" Best Smartphone   HTC 10 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   LG G5 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Huawei Nexus 6P Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Recent news from our top carriers: AT&T News Amazon Echo gaining ability to AT&T Stream Saver will AT&T's prepaid GoPhone AT&T boosts GoPhone data AT&T launches Cuba roaming and AT&T to begin offering cracked Two more replacement Galaxy Note Sprint News Sprint Black Friday deals include HTC Bolt launches at Sprint with 5 Sprint teaming up with Google to Cell Phone Deals November 2016 Sprint launches unlimited data HTC Bolt shown off in leaked Sprint and Best Buy are the latest T-Mobile News Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge launches T-Mobile to offer Black Friday Samsung Gear S3 Frontier hits T- Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge may Buy one T-Mobile Galaxy S7, get a T-Mobile SyncUp Drive launching T-Mobile announces Galaxy Note 7 Verizon Wireless Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge now Verizon Ellipsis 8 HD tablet Verizon Ellipsis 8 HD tablet shown Verizon launching two new prepaid Motorola and Indiegogo teaming up Verizon eliminates two of its Cell Phone Deals November 2016 PHONEDOG PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company. PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us Sitemap In-Depth Reviews Phone vs Phone Video Unboxings Apps & Games New Phones Phone Finder Compare Plans Phone Specials Long Distance © 2001-2016 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved.
Breaking News Day at a glance Weather Horoscopes Ireland Business World Showbiz #Discover Sport Tech Jobs Property Login Trump presidency Public-sector pay Syria Central Remedial Clinic North-South council meeting School patronage Weather conditions Could Apple be considering moving iPhone production to the US? PreviousNext 18/11/2016 - 16:53:03Back to Business Home Apple is looking into the idea of manufacturing the iPhone in the US following Donald Trump’s election victory. During his campaign, the now president-elect said on several occasions he wanted to push American companies to moving manufacturing back to the US. Now, reports in Asia claim that Foxconn, the Taiwanese electronics company that assembles the iPhone in China, has been asked to look into the feasibility of moving its production to the US. (Kiichiro Sato/AP) Trump spent his election campaign criticising major companies which took their manufacturing overseas. Earlier this year, he said that, if elected, he would “get Apple to build their damn computers and things in this country”. Now, it is being suggested that his threat is being taken more seriously, with the Nikkei Asian Review reporting that Apple asked its manufacturers in the region to assess what it would cost to move iPhone assembly to the US from China. (Kin Cheung/AP) Apple has not commented on the reports and there is no word on whether any such investigation is a serious assessment of a possible change or simply an exercise to look into the potential costs. The technology giant has had a busy few months in hardware, launching the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, the Apple Watch Series 2 and a new line-up of MacBook Pros. 2017 is also shaping up to be a busy time for the company, with their new ‘spaceship’ Campus 2 headquarters set to open. Then, there’s the small matter of the 10th anniversary iPhone due in September. KEYWORDS: Apple, China, Donald Trump, Foxconn, iPhone, Manufacturing, Mobile, Smartphone, US   send us stuff PreviousNext Want us to email you the top news stories each lunchtime? Join the conversation - comment here House Rules for comments - FAQ - Important message for commenters Download our app Landmark Digital Ltd, Company Number 523737, Linn Dubh, Assumption Road, Blackpool, Cork. T23 RCH6 +353 21 4802214 desk@breakingnews.ie News Ireland World Business Tech Weather News Archives Showbiz News Lotto Horoscopes #Discover Main Topics Authors Competitions RSS Sport News Soccer GAA Rugby Other Sports Other Contact Us Send us Stuff Using the Site Licence Our Content Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy © BreakingNews.ie 2016. Subscribe To News Alerts Subscribe Menu Show/Hide Left Push Menu Home Ireland #Discover Showbiz Sport World Weather Business Tech Horoscopes Lotto Other Contact Us Using the Site Licence Our Content Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy
Hot Deals Apps Mobiles Internet Laptops How-To Opinions Forum SKOAR Ask Digit Photos Videos Contests News Releases Subscribe Advertise Menu Top10 Reviews News & Launches In Depth Opinions Forum SKOAR Hot Deals Help Me Buy Mobiles Laptops Apps Internet Photos Videos Contests News Releases Buy Digit Subscribe Current/ past issue Advertise Ask Digit Search Searchclose  A क అ   हिंदी తెలుగు मराठी മലയാളം தமிழ் भोजपुरी বাংলা ਪੰਜਾਬੀ ଓଡିଆ ગુજરાતી ಕನ್ನಡ অসমীয়া اردو Languages: Profile Login With X Digit Mobile Phones Apple could make future iPhones in the US: Report Apple could make future iPhones in the US: Report Designed and Assembled by Apple in United States of Ameria By Karthekayan IyerKarthekayan Iyer Published Date 18 - Nov - 2016 | Last Updated 18 - Nov - 2016 Tweet   Apple has started exploring possibilities of manufacturing its marquee product, iPhones in the United States. Apple has reportedly asked its major suppliers to look into local manufacturing as an option. The Nikkei Asian Review reports that Apple has Foxconn and Pegatron to study the opportunities for manufacturing in India. "Apple asked both Foxconn and Pegatron, the two iPhone assemblers, in June to look into making iPhones in the US," a source said. "Foxconn complied, while Pegatron declined to formulate such a plan due to cost concerns." The biggest hurdle in the shift in manufacturing from China to US is the rise in production costs. Foxconn and Pegatron assemble more than 200 million iPhones every year from their campuses in China. While Foxconn is studying the scope for US manufacturing, its Chairman Terry Gou is less enthusiastic about the plan. "The idea of making iPhones in the US is seen to more than double the cost," notes Nikkei Asian Review. The new US Presidential-elect Donald Trump had announced that he will force to shift production to the United States. During his build up to the Presidential race, he asked supporters to boycott Apple products in the light of FBI vs Apple encryption battle. It is believed that Trump will push Apple to shift its production once he takes over White House in January, 2017. It costs about $225 for Apple to make an iPhone 7 with 32GB memory, says IHS Markit. Apple sells the product unsubsidised for $649, bringing the margin close to $424 on every iPhone sold. Apple, Foxconn and Pegatron declined to comment to Nikkei Asian Review but an iPhone with 'Designed and Assembled by Apple in California' may happen soon. Karthekayan Iyer  Karthekayan.Iyer@9dot9.in Other Popular Deals Micromax Canvas Spark 3 8 Gb Rs. 4299 Buy Now Moto G Plus, 4th Gen (Black, 16... Rs. 13499 Buy Now Interesting Galleries  Best smartphones to buy under Rs.... 14 upcoming mobile phones you should expect in India in 2016 Best camera phones under Rs. 15,000 (November 2016) Best smartphones under Rs. 15,000 with great battery backup 10 smartphone sequels to look forward to in 2015 10 best smartphones between Rs. 10,000 to Rs. 20,000... 26 upcoming & latest smartphones to check-out Slimmest phones you can buy in India [November 2015] The best upgrade options for 10 classic smartphones Huawei P8: First Look Xiaomi Mi4i vs Asus Zenfone 2 (2GB): Quick Comparison LG G4: First Look Asus Zenfone 2 and Zenfone Selfie: In Pictures Sony's current & upcoming Xperia phones: An Overview Micromax Canvas Sliver 5: First Look Sony Xperia C4: First Look Coolpad Dazen X7 and Dazen 1: In pictures LeEco Chairman reaffirms the importance of the Indian Market | Click to know more ​ advertisements Other Popular Deals OnePlus 3 (Graphite, 64 GB) Rs. 27999 Buy Now Micromax Canvas Spark 3 8 Gb Rs. 4299 Buy Now Redmi Note 3 (Dark Grey, 32 GB) Rs. 11999 Buy Now Moto G Plus, 4th Gen (Black, 16... Rs. 13499 Buy Now advertisements Trending Reliance Jio may launch 4G VOLTE phones under Rs. 1000 soon OnePlus 3T with Snapdragon 821 to launch today: Everything... OnePlus 3T v. Google Pixel XL v. LeEco Le Pro 3 v. ASUS... OnePlus 3T vs OnePlus 3: A look at what's changed? OnePlus 3T launched with Snapdragon 821 and 3400mAh battery OnePlus 3 is officially dead in the US and Europe: Report Moto Z Play: Performance Comparison and Display test Samsung Galaxy A7 (2017) rumoured to launch with 16MP front... Ming Chi Kuo says iPhone 8 Plus will have 5.5 inch OLED... Vivo Xplay6 launched with dual-curved display and dual rear... Recent Nokia confirms return to smartphones in 2017 iPhones automatically back up call logs for up to four... Lenovo ZUK Edge leaked images suggest no curved display... Apple announces repair program for iPhone 6 Plus 'Touch... Qualcomm, Samsung partner to manufacture Snapdragon 835 SoC Vivo X9, X9 Plus launched with dual front-facing cameras Teardown reveals 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar to be... InFocus Epic 1 Currency Demonetisation: Here's how ATM reconfiguration... Gionee S9 launched with 5.5-inch display, dual rear camera... advertisements Resource Center Check out the Latest Leeco News and featured articles By Leeco advertisements Contests IBM Watson Analytics Trial Try out the amazing IBM Watson Analytics...PARTICIPATE NOW Forum Discussion Microsoft pact with Nvidia could result in future takeover 3 Apple Iphones 4G for 750 USD!! Apple to nuke unlocked iPhones with next update Apple iPhone Out of Stock in US &amp; UK Apple may have sold 200,000 IPhones over weekend Load page 1 ABOUT US CONTACT US ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE PRIVACY TERMS SITEMAP HTML Digit Digit caters to the largest community of tech buyers, users and enthusiasts in India. The all new Digit.in continues the legacy of Thinkdigit.com as one of the largest portals in India committed to technology users and buyers. Digit is also one of the most trusted names when it comes to technology reviews and buying advice and is home to the Digit Test Lab, India's most proficient center for testing and reviewing technology products. 9.9 MEDIA We are about leadership – the 9.9 kind! Building a leading media company out of India. And, grooming new leaders for this promising industry. Copyright © 2007-14 Nine Dot Nine Mediaworx Pvt. Ltd. All Rights Reserved. LeEco Le2 X526 (Rose Gold 14,250/- Buy Now Coolpad Note 5 (Royal Gol 10,999/- Buy Now Philips AC4025 40 -Watt A 16,500/- Buy Now Apple iPhone 7 (128GB, Ro 64,888/- Buy Now
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Username Password Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO Hyper convergence leads to humanless datacenters: Nutanix CEO Pandey Hyper convergence leads to humanless datacenters: Nutanix CEO Pandey The hardware components in modern datacenters can be pure software and infra is eminently programmable, says Dheeraj Pandey, Co-founder CEO, Nutanix By Yogesh Gupta (IDG News Service) 19 November, 2016 03:08 - - - - print email Comments An enterprise cloud platform company, Nutanix helps companies thread the path of hyper converged infra. ComputerWorld India had an extensive chat with Dheeraj Pandey, Co-founder CEO, Nutanix on hyper convergence, IPO debut, and competitive landscape. "Hyper convergence is a pit stop in the true journey towards an invisible infrastructure for companies. One can spin up a firewall or storage array through a written code than buy the hardware for the humans to rack and stack it," said Pandey during his recent India visit. Edited Excerpts: Tech OEMs, big or small, end-to-end or niche, are all hitching a ride on the hyper converged Infra bandwagon. How do you demystify `hyper converged' for enterprises? Half a decade ago, tech OEMs jumped onto mobile world introducing tablets and phones to beat Apple. HP bought Palm, Cisco launched tablets to name a few. They couldn't fathom Apple dominating enterprise mobile space. OEMs have the tendency to jump onto the next big paradigm shift. Within a few years; HP, Dell, Cisco exited mobile device domain. Three years ago, all OEMs latched to cloud but many also shut their cloud business a year ago. Hyper converged today is hype as the word by itself means nothing. Organizations want to elevate themselves away from infra silos to make multiple components of a datacentre invisible to an extent. There is an undeniable shift in the datacentre because all hardware components can be pure software and the infra is eminently programmable. You can spin up a firewall or storage array by writing a piece of code as opposed to buying hardware for humans to 'rack and stack' it. This leads to a humanless datacentre in some sense. The silos managed by different teams -- storage, networking, virtualization - will converge into the cloud team. Increase of automated processes in datacentre means more job losses in the tech industry. No. With virtualization, the industry expected sale of fewer servers but that didn't happen. That was because people had more expectations which they could execute at a faster rate. With digitization in the nineties and even today one expects same kind of automation from the workforce. The velocity and agility with this kind of efficiency creates more demand and much more is possible with a '40 hour per week' employee than in the past. Tech Industry has been a hunting ground for MA and PE firms in 2016. Did Nutanix choose the alternate IPO route to create bigger expectations for its shareholders? IPO is a milestone in the journey of any growing company. There are hardly one or two very successful private technology companies today. All of them went public at some stage. Many went private because they stopped innovating and instead acquired companies. The dearth of innovation invokes the public investors to question a company's top line, fast growth, and profitability. It was a natural course for Nutanix to go deeper in Global 2000 which calls for fast evolving brands and transparent financial books. I like the quote 'Stock market in short term is a voting machine but a weighing machine in the long term'. The stock market does reward good companies that continue to innovate, disrupt, cannibalize themselves and be at the leading edge of the tech curve to dominate the market. Nutanix going public means more acquisitions would be on the radar. We will always look at smaller acquisitions and not the big ones. A great company needs to innovate continuously which is not about acquiring customer base, but acquiring great teams and great technology to build great products. We would introspect meaningful acquisition of great teams which unfortunately could not find a great target market. Do you seriously believe the days of silos in IT infra are numbered for companies to pursue a platform approach? The most successful platform companies had a single code base for all workloads - be it Linux, VMware, Oracle, Windows. Rather than one box for one workload that creates silos, we are aiming for all the components in DC or cloud environment that can be addressed with a single OS and one code base for that OS. Consumption of Apps does not mean just compute and storage. OS should cater to the capabilities of every service in DC whether it is containers, virtual machines on compute side, storage, or networking or security. Nutanix competes and co-operates with infra and cloud providers like VMware, AWS which often weighs heavy on CIOs and their legacy infra. Is co-opetition the way to go moving forward? It's always been the case. Apple competes with Microsoft and Google, but all MS products and Google Apps are available on App Store. Oracle and Microsoft compete in various ways but they have shaken hands. Similarly for many enterprise tech OEMs too. One of the advisors said -- 'Beyond a certain scale, you have to act like a country which has no perfect friends and there are no perfect enemies. You always deal with frenemies.' With all our technology partners, we maximize the overlap of interest and that potential minimizes the conflict of interest. Have CIOs lost their influencing power to chief digital officer, chief cloud evangelist, CMO and other C-Suite peers in digital era? Most CIOs focus on keeping the lights on and hence have little time to innovate and be at pace with the demands from LOBs. They need to focus on net promoter score to charm their end users. Most IT leaders have never treated the LOB as their customer. Once IT team realize that the company's different departments expect value and delight from the shared service called IT, I think good things can happen to reinvigorate CIO's positon. What would be your tech bets for 2017 and beyond? Hype convergence by itself will turn into this froth wherein a lot of consolidation will happen over the next 18 months. Many of 'me-too' hyper converged companies will be forced to sell as they failed to build sustainable independent business with customers over time. There will be the emergence of one or two platform companies that would have to be honest about networking, security, identity management. The reality of On-Prem vMotion needs to happen between clouds in the next three to five years. App mobility will become very common with tons of opportunities for companies focusing on mobility. Any change of goals - personal and professional - since Nutanix's NASDAQ debut on 30th September 2016? Not really. It is business as usual at Nutanix. We were acting as a kind of a public company though not listed. If people look at post-public life differently then it starts to get into your head. I have always believed the public market investor is taken care of if you take care of employees, customers and partners. Brand Post ​Seizing control of ERP costs to drive innovation More from Rimini Street Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about AppleApple.AWSCiscoCMOComputerWorldDellGoogleHPInfraLinuxMicrosoftNASDAQNutanixOraclePalm Editor's Recommendations ​Is Apple under threat? How operational resilience helped RBA survive a siege ​Real estate agents gain some data intelligence Bully building body replacement's tech transformation trips before bouncing back Exclusive: City of Monash leaps towards virtualisation and cloud ​6 ways to show your emotional intelligence Read more Veeam Resources Centre Gartner Partner Zone Whaling Information Security Resource Centre Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers A Whale of a Tale: How to Stop the Rising Tide of Impersonation Attacks Security-as-a-Service: Threat Mitigation From the Cloud 5 Tips to Defend Against Malicious Insiders CIO Forum in Association with Dell Technologies Latest Jobs EPAS Technical Support Officers NSW Azure/Sharepoint Developer NSW ITIL Productivity Support Officer - contract Initially - Sydney NSW Strategy and Architecture Manager NSW Chief Enterprise Architect NSW SOE Architect NSW SAP Test Manager NSW Project Manager VIC Xamarin Developer QLD API / Java Developer NSW Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next True agile software development requires DevOps When Airbnb asked users to pledge to treat people equally, a lot ... Trump's national security pick is a cybersecurity hawk In pictures: Roundtable - Top strategies for CIOs in the cybersecurity war In pictures: Roundtable - Creating capacity for digital transformation Messaging and collaboration tools are most valuable enterprise apps CSO Trump's national security pick is a cybersecurity hawk Attacks to make Ask.com Toolbar a conduit for malware are nipped in the bud IoT attacks could bring real-world damage UK mobile operator loses phones following data breach Ransomware victims able to thwart attacks, report says Computerworld How lifelogging will become easy and automatic Hands on: 15-in. MacBook Pro delivers on speed and design – for a price Verizon IoT, Swiftmile pilot smart bike-sharing in Santa Clara Computerworld's holiday gift guide 2016 (with video!) Government to loan NBN money to complete rollout ARN IT workers singled out amid 457 visa changes Govt stumps up $19.5 billion loan to finish NBN rollout ​Cloud services spend set to rise as IT budgets realign ​Dicker Data ranks highest among Cisco regional distributors ​Meet the fastest growing tech companies in Australia… Techworld Best Black Friday 2016 Windows deals How lifelogging will become easy and automatic Hands on: 15-in. MacBook Pro delivers on speed and design – for a price Trump's national security pick is a cybersecurity hawk The IRS wants to ID every US Coinbase user from 2013 to 2015 CMO LinkedIn, Facebook, Google marketers weigh in on digital marketing success 5 lessons in change from Wunderman-Bienalto’s Hurol Inan Facebook admits to further reporting errors, proposes metrics overhaul Telstra looks to bolster customer advocacy with refined CX and network investment strategy Panel: Tackling customer problems and corporate culture core to digital transformation strategy Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2016 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health

NJ.com Menu Home News Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Photos/Videos Obituaries Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Health Classifieds Local Businesses Place An Ad Opinion Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu News News by County All Newspapers Business Crime Education Health Lottery Obituaries Politics Back to Main Menu Atlantic Bergen Burlington Camden Cape May Cumberland Essex Gloucester Hudson Hunterdon Mercer Middlesex Monmouth Morris Ocean Passaic Salem Somerset Sussex Union Warren Back to Main Menu The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Independent Press Horse News Back to Main Menu Politics Home Chris Christie Opinion The Auditor Back to Main Menu Sports Home Devils Eagles Flyers Giants Jets Knicks Mets Nets Phillies Rangers Red Bulls Rutgers Basketball Rutgers Football Rutgers Sports Seton Hall Sixers Yankees Back to Main Menu Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Gymnastics Girls Volleyball Girls Tennis Boys Basketball Wrestling Off Season Sports Bergen County Back to Main Menu Baseball Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Fencing Girls Fencing Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Volleyball Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Softball Wrestling Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home Atlantic City Entertainment Celebrities Comics Events Food & Dining Indulge Inside Jersey Movies Music Puzzles Shore TV Back to Main Menu Hunterdon County Democrat Photos Jersey Journal Photos NJ.com Photos South Jersey Times Photos Star-Ledger Photos Times of Trenton Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Find n Save Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Sponsored Blogs Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter View our Instagram photos See our Tumblr feed See our Pinterest page Visit us on Google Plus Visit OMJ for NJ celebrity & style Back to Main Menu Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search NJ.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NJ.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette comments Giants rookie Eli Apple bounces back after benching Print Email Dan Duggan | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com By Dan Duggan | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com The Star-Ledger Email the author | Follow on Twitter on November 18, 2016 at 10:13 AM, updated November 18, 2016 at 10:35 AM comments EAST RUTHERFORD — How did the Giants coaching staff respond to the worst performance of rookie cornerback Eli Apple's young career? By starting the first-round pick and playing him every defensive snap in Monday's 21-20 win over the Bengals. "It was good seeing that," Apple said of his coaches' faith. "It was just great being back out there and having the chance to play my game and have an impact on the game." Victor Cruz tests out his ankle in practice Apple had a perfectly quiet game on Monday, finishing with one tackle. He allowed just completion all night, a harmless 9-yard pass at the end of the first half. "Any time you're a corner out there pressing as much as we do, there's some unnoticed really good plays," defensive coordinator Steve Spagnuolo said. "There were some really good snaps in there where both him and (Janoris Jenkins) took away the wideouts. It was good to see." Flying under the radar was welcomed after Apple stood out for the wrong reasons in the Giants' 28-23 win over the Eagles in Week 9. Apple repeatedly missed assignments and tackles before he was benched midway through the third quarter of that game. "You don't ever want to be benched," Apple said. Apple's benching ended a tumultuous week that featured his mother criticizing the Giants for the second time in her column on SI.com. The 21-year-old Apple handled that controversy with maturity and he disagreed with the idea that he's been through a lot in the first 10 weeks of his NFL career. "I wouldn't say all that," Apple said. "It's just been up and down a little bit with the injuries. Now I'm back, so now I've got to back into it even faster." Vernon's hand healing Apple was emerging as the No. 2 cornerback opposite Janoris Jenkins early in the season before pulling his hamstring early in a Week 3 loss to the Redskins. Apple missed the Giants' Week 4 loss to the Vikings and then injured his groin early in a Week 5 loss to the Packers. Apple missed the Giants' Week 6 win over the Ravens with the groin injury and then returned for their Week 7 win over the Rams, which coincided with his mother's first criticisms of the Giants for the organization's handling of the Josh Brown domestic violence situation. Apple said the drama with his mother wasn't a distraction. He said his injuries have been more of a setback. "It probably hurt just a little bit," Apple said. "Any time you're in a flow and then you're out of it for a little bit, it takes you a little bit to get back into it. But I understand that's no excuse. You've just got to make sure that you're always getting better no matter what." TALK IS CHEAP, E73: Giants' close wins are refreshing to watch Subscribe to the podcast on iTunes, Google Play, Soundcloud or iHeartRadio. Dan Duggan may be reached at dduggan@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @DDuggan21. Find our Giants coverage on Facebook. Listen to the latest episode of our Giants podcast Subscribe on iTunes Subscribe on Stitcher Subscribe on SoundCloud Giants Update NFL Scores & Schedules © 2013 STATS LLC. All rights reserved. Standings Schedule Players Standings Schedule Players nj.com About Us About NJ.com Advertise with us Contact Us Visit OMJ.com Frequently Asked Questions Jobs at NJ Advance Media Newsletters RSS feeds More on NJ.com Interact Weather Site map Claim your free business listing Sponsor Content Search Place an ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Post a job Post a free classified ad Apartments & rentals NJ.com Sections N.J. News Local News N.J. Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Food & Recipes Living Business Opinion Inside Jersey Shore Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Special Sections Contribute to NJ.com Register for free with NJ.com Submit an event Follow Us Twitter Google+ Facebook foursquare Newspaper stories and photos The Star-Ledger | Subscribe The Times of Trenton | Subscribe The Jersey Journal | Subscribe South Jersey Times | Subscribe Hunterdon County Democrat | Subscribe Star Gazette | Subscribe The Warren Reporter Suburban News Horse News Learn more about our newspapers Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 New Jersey On-Line LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of New Jersey On-Line LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  iOS App  Calendar  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Take Control Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1346, 14 Nov 16 #1345, 07 Nov 16 #1344, 31 Oct 16 #1343, 24 Oct 16 #1342, 17 Oct 16 #1341, 10 Oct 16 #1340, 03 Oct 16 #1339, 26 Sep 16 #1338, 19 Sep 16 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members Smile ScanSnap   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the best-selling Take Control ebooks.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist Slack for Mac 2.3.2 Postbox 5.0.7 ChronoSync 4.7.1 1Password 6.5.1 Pixelmator 3.6 Quicken 2017 for Mac 4.3 Airfoil 5.5.1 Capto 1.2.1 Mellel 3.5.2 BusyCal 3.1.2 and BusyContacts 1.1.4     x Welcome to TidBITS! We make our articles available via RSS, and in a weekly curated email newsletter. You can also support our work by becoming a member, and receive several benefits.   Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. iPhone iPad iPod | 18 Nov 2016 | Print  | Comment (0) Apple Launches iPhone 6 Plus Multi-Touch Repair Program by Josh Centers After much consternation from the user community, Apple has finally created a repair program for iPhone 6 Plus phones suffering from what has been dubbed “touch disease.” Symptoms include flickering and erratic multi-touch behavior. Other iPhone models are not covered by the program, but we haven’t heard of problems beyond the iPhone 6 Plus. Apple claims the problems are associated with “being dropped multiple times on a hard surface and then incurring further stress on the device,” which seems a bit like blaming the victim. Adam Engst’s father’s iPhone 6 Plus succumbed to touch disease recently, despite having been protected by a wraparound case and generally treated well. If your iPhone 6 Plus is exhibiting flickering and erratic multi-touch behavior, but is otherwise in good working order with no screen cracks, Apple will fix the problem for $149. You can schedule an appointment with an Apple Authorized Service Provider or the Genius Bar at your nearest Apple Store, or you can contact Apple Technical Support. As always, be sure to back up your iPhone to iTunes or iCloud before you take it in for service. If you already paid for a repair from Apple or an Apple Authorized Service Provider, Apple will contact you to reimburse you for the cost of the repair minus the $149 service price. Should you not hear from Apple, or if you paid for a repair elsewhere, contact Apple.   TextExpander: Your knowledge at your fingertips. From email to code, gather your text "snippets" for reuse, each only a keystroke away. Get consistency and accuracy everywhere you type! Share with your team on Mac, iPhone, iPad, Windows (beta). <http://smle.us/newte-tb>   Comments about Apple Launches iPhone 6 Plus Multi-Touch Repair Program To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. Apple has launched a repair program to address the “touch disease” affecting some iPhone 6 Plus phones. The company claims the problem is related to being dropped repeatedly, and is charging $149 for the repairs. Receive comments via RSS Add a comment There are no comments on this article.  Search   Cached. Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2016 Josh Centers TidBITS is copyright © 2016 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
null
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /Mobile/Gallery Mobile Incredible iPhone 8 concept shows all-screen face, ditches home button By Todd Haselton | November 18, 2016 Share Of all the iPhone 8 concepts I’ve seen so far, I think this one is my favorite. There are a few reasons why, the first of which is that it doesn’t go too overboard in what it thinks Apple will add. There isn’t a display that morphs into a crazy keyboard or anything that seems unlikely. Instead, it adopts what we’ve been expecting Apple to offer. As you’ll note, the entire front face of the iPhone 8 concept, developed by iDropnews, is touch. That follows in-line with rumors that Apple wants an edge-to-edge display and might ditch the home button to instead use fingerprint technology that exists below the screen. I’m not so sure about the digital home button at the bottom that stretches the whole width of the screen, though, that seems a bit excessive. I do love the way the screen appears to spill over the sides of the device, much like we’ve seen from Samsung’s Galaxy products. Just an iPhone 8 concept There’s no guarantee at all this is what Apple’s next iPhone will look like. It’s just one artist putting pen to paper. On the other hand, there’s at least evidence that Apple does want to take the design this way in some fashion, and that’s why I really dig this concept and think it’s compelling enough to share. It sure does look nice, doesn’t it? Source iDropNews Via BGR Topics #Apple #Apple #iPhone 8 Todd Haselton Todd Haselton has been writing professionally since 2006 during his undergraduate days at Lehigh University. He started out as an intern with MaximumPC Magazine and has since written for Ars… Read More Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 Black Friday CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra Retina MacBook tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums Black Friday iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s Retina MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Teardowns Confirm 13-Inch and 15-Inch Touch Bar MacBook Pros Have Non-Removable SSDs Friday November 18, 2016 6:09 AM PST by Joe Rossignol iFixit has completed its teardown of the new 15-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar, confirming the notebook is equipped with a non-removable SSD just like the 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar. Only the entry-level 13-inch model with a standard row of function keys has a removable SSD in Apple's new MacBook Pro lineup. 15-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar The teardown confirms the processor, RAM, and flash memory are soldered to the logic board, meaning the SSD in particular cannot be removed or upgraded after the fact. If you opt for Apple's standard 256GB or 512GB configurations, for example, you will be unable to upgrade to a larger Apple or third-party SSD at a later time. Interestingly, however, the teardown finds the new MacBook Pro has a connector that leads to "nowhere," which iFixit speculates could be for Apple to access the soldered-in SSD for data recovery. iFixit suggests there might at least be a chance of recovering data with Apple's help should the logic board experience hardware failure. Apple's notebooks have become increasingly hard to repair and upgrade as their designs have become thinner and lighter. iFixit gave the new 15-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar its lowest "repairability" score of 1 out of 10, noting the Touch Bar is difficult to replace while the entire battery assembly is strongly glued into the case. The rest of the teardown reveals the 15-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar is very similar to the 13-inch model, beyond having a different six-cell battery layout. Related Roundup: MacBook Pro Tags: iFixit, teardown Buyer's Guide: MacBook Pro (Buy Now) 109 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) JaySoul 2 days ago at 06:10 am What a coincidence, I have non-removable money from my wallet Rating: 79 Votes BeyondtheTech 2 days ago at 06:19 am First, the new ones have a price hike for what many consider a minimal or incremental-at-best upgrade. Then, to get the new, much-hyped Touch Bar is basically another price tag all on its own. Then, they remove all the compatibility for older ports and chargers, so you need to buy dongles, cables, and chargers. Then, the guys at iFixIt tear it open and find that nothing inside is user-replaceable or even user-serviceable. Finally, and because of that, the guy at 9to5Mac says you'd better purchase AppleCare to protect it for three years, though it will likely get outdated or superseded in two. Cupertino has been clever for years, but they're coming fast to that crossroads or tipping point where it no longer becomes worth it, competition is catching up, and users are willing to jump ship to a different platform. On a side note, what good is that 'environment friendly' chart they always tout, when nothing is upgradable and the whole system has to be tossed when it goes bad or becomes obsolete because it can't be tweaked anymore? Well, hey, at least it's beryllium-free, right? Rating: 25 Votes Quu 2 days ago at 06:13 am JokeBook Pro. Rating: 14 Votes lowendlinux 2 days ago at 06:16 am What a coincidence, I have non-removable money from my wallet I thought I did to then I got married and had a kid both can easily remove that money :cool: Rating: 13 Votes ike1707 2 days ago at 06:32 am Can someone please explain to me (without going on a tear about profits and greed) what the advantages of doing this are, from a design standpoint? It seems like the end-user is only (and understandably) upset about this. I, for one, will not purchase another Mac laptop now or in the future, and it's because of things like this. I'm just trying to understand the reasoning behind their decision- the benefits, even. Anything. Rating: 10 Votes dumastudetto 2 days ago at 06:15 am FFS we already knew this. Are you deliberately trying to start flamewars with these inflammatory threads that breathe new air into Apple haters? Rating: 10 Votes WBRacing 2 days ago at 06:16 am No ability to upgrade. No internal SDCard slot. No magsafe. No thanks from me. Not that I was ever going to be "Pro" enough to be the one using this device to create the worlds next wheel/plough/penicillin etc... :rolleyes: Rating: 10 Votes ghostface147 2 days ago at 06:12 am Silly that they are getting to be non-removable everything and force you to rely on dongles, but man they know how to build laptops. The internals are so clean. Rating: 9 Votes Sunnysunnysingh 2 days ago at 06:14 am If anything goes wrong with the SSD, the entire logic board will have to be replaced, which won't be cheap Rating: 8 Votes Cineplex 2 days ago at 07:34 am I would say this new Mac is like a disposable camera....but at least you could take the film out of a disposable camera and reuse it. Saying that would insult the camera. This Mac is 100% throw away junk designed to make sure you must buy a new one when it starts failing in any way. Apple now makes crap. Rating: 8 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 New glass-backed design rumored to lose the Home button. Front Page Stories McLaren Confirms Talks With Apple, But They 'Never Matured to Definitive Proposition' 1 day ago on Front Page In late September, the Financial Times reported Apple was considering a full takeover of McLaren Automotive or a strategic investment in the British supercar maker. The New York Times and... 131 comments Apple May Be Throttling Verizon iPhone 7 LTE Performance 2 days ago on Front Page Apple may be throttling the LTE performance of the Verizon iPhone 7 to keep it on par with the AT&T iPhone 7, according to research conducted by Twin Prime and Cellular Insights and shared by... 252 comments Some 15-Inch MacBook Pro Models Misreporting Intel Iris Pro 580 Graphics 2 days ago on Front Page Several MacRumors readers have discovered that System Information readouts on some 15-inch MacBook Pro units appear to suggest they are running Iris Pro 580 integrated graphics, rather than Intel HD... 221 comments Apple Launches 'Touch Disease' Repair Program for iPhone 6 Plus 3 days ago on Front Page Apple today launched a new repair program for the iPhone 6 Plus, addressing complaints about a manufacturing issue that can cause the iPhone 6 Plus to become unresponsive to touch. According to... 407 comments In-Store Pickup Now Available for MacBook Pro With Touch Bar 3 days ago on Front Page Starting today, Apple has made in-store pickup available for the new MacBook Pro with Touch Bar in the United States, allowing customers to check stock at their local store and reserve a machine... 114 comments Here's a Look Inside Apple's New $200 Photo Book 3 days ago on Front Page Apple this week unveiled its latest product, a hardbound photo book that showcases 20 years of Apple products, highlighting every Mac, iPhone, iPod, and iPad released between 1998 and 2015. ... 259 comments Apple Releases New 'Bulbs' MacBook Pro Ad Highlighting Touch Bar 3 days ago on Front Page Apple today uploaded a new MacBook Pro ad to its YouTube channel, showcasing the machine's Touch Bar and comparing it to major inventions throughout time. Called "Bulbs," the ad... 203 comments Apple Says it Syncs Call Logs on iCloud As a 'Convenience to Customers' Amid Security Concerns 3 days ago on Front Page Earlier today, reports surfaced on The Intercept and Forbes claiming Apple "secretly" syncs Phone and FaceTime call history logs on iCloud, complete with phone numbers, dates and times, and... 103 comments • Microsoft Surface Studio Reviews: Apple Fans Might Be 'Tempted to Switch Camps', Despite High Price (334) • System Integrity Protection Inexplicably Disabled by Default on Some New MacBook Pro Models (104) • Future iPhones Could Be 'Made in America' as Apple Asks Foxconn to Consider U.S. Manufacturing (353) • AirPods Launch Rumors Now Include Dates in Late November and December (131) • Apple Stores to Host Free 'Hour of Code' Workshops in Early December (17) • Rumored 5.8" OLED iPhone Said to Have 5.1" to 5.2" Active Display Area (91) • Amazon Prime Membership is $79 Tomorrow Only, £59 for U.K. Customers Starting Today (123)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade Nintendo Wants HOW MUCH?! - The TouchArcade Show #273 If You Like TouchArcade, Please Support Our Patreon TouchArcade Game of the Week: 'Neon Chrome' 'Demon's Rise 2: Lords of Chaos' Review - And Now, the Other Side of the Coin 'Avadon 3: The Warborn' for iPad Review - A Worthy Conclusion to the Avadon Trilogy 'Space Marshals 2' Lands on Android as Free-to-Try App AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Time.com MY ACCOUNT SIGN IN SIGN OUT SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Motto Entertainment Science Newsfeed Living Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Ideas Parents TIME Labs Money LIFE The Daily Cut Photography Videos TIME Shop Press Room The 100 Most Influential People American Voices Next Generation Leaders The Ensemble Effect Person of the Year 2015 Top of the World A Year In Space Subscribe Newsletters Feedback Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Ad Choices RSS TIME Apps TIME for Kids Advertising Reprints and Permissions Site Map Help Customer Service © 2016 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Tech MY ACCOUNT SIGN IN SIGN OUT SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE MORE U.S. Edition U.S. Edition Europe, Middle East and Africa Edition Asia Edition South Pacific Edition Donald Trump Says Hamilton Is ‘Highly Overrated.’ But Ivanka Loved It Mitt Romney Is Under ‘Active Consideration’ for Secretary of State Mike Pence: I Was Not Offended by Hamilton Cast’s Message Watch Alec Baldwin Return to Saturday Night Live to Play a Panicked Donald Trump German Chancellor Angela Merkel Will Run for a Fourth Term: Report Train Derailment in Northern India Kills 104 Donald Trump and the Transformation of White Evangelicals NYC’s Adam Yauch Park Vandalized With Swastikas. Until Kids Replaced Them With Hearts President Obama: Don’t Assume the Worst About Donald Trump’s Trade Policies What Spectacles Mean for Snapchat and Photography TIME Tech Smartphones Apple Is Fixing a Big Problem Affecting Some iPhone 6 Plus Phones Lisa Eadicicco @lisaeadicicco Nov. 18, 2016 SHARE Sean Gallup—Getty Images BERLIN, GERMANY - SEPTEMBER 19: A shopper ltries out the new Apple iPhone 6 at the Apple Store on the first day of sales of the new phone in Germany on September 19, 2014 in Berlin, Germany. Hundreds of people had waited in a line that went around the block through the night in order to be among the first people to buy the new smartphone, which comes in two versions: the Apple iPhone 6 and the somewhat larger Apple iPhone 6 Plus. (Photo by Sean Gallup/Getty Images) It's offering a new repair program for iPhone 6 Plus phones with touchscreen problems Apple is launching a new repair program to fix an issue some iPhone 6 Plus owners have been experiencing known as “touch disease.” Under the new service, Apple will repair affected iPhones for $149. The so-called “touch disease” causes the screens on some iPhone 6 Plus units to become unresponsive. In some instances, users will see a series of grey bars appear near the top of the screen as well, as Motherboard explains. ‘ The problem is said to be caused by the same internal engineering flaw that caused some iPhone 6 Plus phones to bend. As such, the issue can’t be fixed by simply buying a new iPhone 6 Plus or replacing its screen. Apple says on its website that it has “determined that some iPhone 6 Plus devices may exhibit flickering or Multi-Touch issues after being dropped multiple times on a hard surface and then incurring further stress on the device.” Those who have an affected iPhone 6 Plus that is in otherwise working condition with its screen intact are eligible for the repair program. iPhone 6 Plus owners who have already paid for a service repair through Apple or one of its authorized service partners will receive a reimbursement that evens out with the new $149 price. Tap to read full story Read Next Your browser is out of date. Please update your browser at http://update.microsoft.com Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Science Entertainment Newsfeed Living Ideas Parents Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Subscribe Give a Gift TIME Shop Press Room Newsletters Customer Service Site Map Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Advertising Ad Choices Careers © 2016 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP YOU BROKE TIME.COM! Dear TIME Reader, As a regular visitor to TIME.com, we are sure you enjoy all the great journalism created by our editors and reporters. Great journalism has great value, and it costs money to make it. One of the main ways we cover our costs is through advertising. The use of software that blocks ads limits our ability to provide you with the journalism you enjoy. Consider turning your Ad Blocker off so that we can continue to provide the world class journalism you have become accustomed to. The TIME Team
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 30° Air Quality: PSI 55-64 We set you thinking Monday 21 November 2016 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition IT Show Cameras Gadgets Games Tech Reviews newstream World Italy's Renzi gets backing in referendum from singers, athletes, chef 1479660543 World Obama and Putin speak at APEC summit in Lima 1479659628 World Three bombs explode at supermarket in Yangon, no dead or injured 1479659363 World French conservatives choose candidate for 2017 presidential election 1479659311 World Mali's local elections marred by boycotts, kidnapping 1479658875 World UK's Hammond says budget options constrained by high debt 1479656762 World Rockets into Saudi Arabia, reported air strikes in Yemen strain truce 1479656165 World Rich world angst about foreigners threatens refugee aid: U.N. refugee chief 1479655835 World Syrian family, pupils among dozens killed in Aleppo attacks 1479654427 World Merkel to seek fourth term as German chancellor: sources 1479655959 Business After initial Trump trade, politics keep stocks on edge 1479496720 World U.N. Syria envoy says local government in rebel-held Aleppo area should stay on 1479652997 World Haiti holds long-awaited election still reeling from hurricane 1479653761 World India train derails, at least 119 killed, more than 150 injured 1479652705 Sports Singapore wants to drop F1 race, says Ecclestone 1479646380 Lifestyle Talk politics with your kids — Yes, you can! 1479467460 World S’pore to amend legislation to bring TPP into effect next year 1479633660 World Monkey incident sparks clashes in southern Libyan city of Sabha, 16 dead 1479651187 Business Deutsche clears chairman of blame for bank's poor cooperation in Libor case: paper 1479652118 World South Africa's opposition parties urge Zuma to report corruption to police 1479646715 Business Volkswagen CEO says sees case for building own battery factory: paper 1479647032 World Center-left leader nominated as Estonia's next PM 1479646875 World Damascus wants Trump to end rebel support: Syria foreign minister 1479643499 World Pope closes Roman Catholic 'Holy Year' marked by lights and shadows 1479643338 World Amid killing spree, Filipino actors spotlight vigilantes of Duterte's drug war 1479546193 World Syria foreign minister says no to east Aleppo autonomous zone 1479641704 World Austrian chancellor: Le Pen victory would hurt Europe's economy 1479641633 World Rescue ship carrying migrants reaches Italy after deadly week in Mediterranean 1479641365 China&India Terrorism, fake news justify tighter Web rules: China 1479641760 World Britain must be able to transition smoothly out of EU: Hammond 1479640654 Sports Hafiz pays tribute to S’pore team-mates after seeing red 1479575940 World Bersih 5 appearance just Dr M’s latest U-turn, says Malaysia's Najib 1479640080 World Seven nabbed during Bersih 5 for various offences 1479558960 World Church in northern Iraq reopened after two years under IS control 1479637746 World Seven children killed in rebel shelling of Aleppo school: monitor 1479637301 World Turkish soldier killed in Islamic State attack in northern Syria 1479635432 World Emirates crash investigation to take up to three years: regulator 1479637938 World China's Xi calls for 'smooth transition' in relationship with U.S. 1479635469 World Queen to invite Trump to Britain for state visit: Sunday Times 1479633840 Tech Zuckerberg reveals  steps to fight fake news on Facebook 1479635760 World Fed up with EU, Erdogan says Turkey could join Shanghai bloc 1479633711 World Meeting Putin, Philippines' Duterte rails at Western 'hypocrisy' 1479625200 World South Korea prosecutors say President Park was accomplice in corruption scandal 1479632650 World Lawyer for South Korea president rejects prosecutors' comments on her role in scandal 1479630773 Sports Why We Run: Banker braving extremes to challenge his limits 1479574260 World Suspect in Australian bank fire identified as asylum seeker 1479628750 Singapore Unpredictability, intensity draw fans to combat sports Sports Schooling stars as Team Singapore athletes enjoy day out at Istana 1479556320 World China's Xi presses Philippines, Vietnam to keep South China Sea issues bilateral 1479612480 World For Syria rebels, Trump win adds to uncertain fate 1479621949 Tech Protect your digital life in 7 easy steps Reuters file photo mail print View all comments Tweet By Jonah Engel Bromwich - - Published: 11:10 PM, November 18, 2016 NEW YORK — There are more reasons than ever to understand how to protect your personal information. Major hacks seem ever more frequent. Investigators believe that a set of top-secret National Security Agency hacking tools were offered to online bidders this summer. And many of those worried about expanded government surveillance by the N.S.A. and other agencies have taken steps to secure their communications. In a recent Medium post, Quincy Larson, the founder of Free Code Camp, an open-source community for learning to code, detailed the reasons it might be useful for people to make their personal data more difficult for attackers to access. “When I use the term ‘attacker’ I mean anyone trying to access your data whom you haven’t given express permission to,” he wrote. “Whether it’s a hacker, a corporation, or even a government.” Here then, are seven basic steps you can prevent that from happening. 1. DOWNLOAD SIGNAL, OR START USING WHATSAPP TO SEND TEXT MESSAGES. Encryption is a fancy computer-person word for scrambling your data until no one can understand what it says without a key. But encrypting is more complex than just switching a couple of letters around. Mr Larson said that by some estimates, with the default encryption scheme that Apple uses, “you’d have to have a supercomputer crunching day and night for years to be able to unlock a single computer.” He said that the best way to destroy data was not to delete it, because it could potentially be resurrected from a hard drive, but to encode it in “a secure form of cryptography.” Signal is one of the most popular apps for those who want to protect their text messaging. It is free and extremely easy to use. And unlike Apple’s iMessage, which is also encrypted, the code it uses to operate is open-source. “You can be sure by looking at the code that they’re not doing anything weird with your data,” Mr Larson said. “In general, the idea behind the app is to make privacy and communication as simple as possible,” said Mr Moxie Marlinspike, the founder of Open Whisper Systems, the organization that developed Signal. That means that the app allows you to use emojis, send pictures and enter group texts. One bit of friction: You do have to persuade your friends to join the service too, if you want to text them. The app makes that easy to do. WhatsApp, the popular chat tool, uses Signal’s software to encrypt its messaging. And in Facebook Messenger and Google’s texting app Allo, you can turn on an option that encrypts your messages. Mr Marlinspike said that the presidential election had sparked a lot of interest in Signal, leading to a “substantial increase in users.” When asked to speculate why that was, Mr Marlinspike simply said, “Donald Trump is about to be in control of the most powerful, invasive and least accountable surveillance apparatus in the world.” 2. PROTECT YOUR COMPUTER’S HARD DRIVE WITH FILEVAULT OR BITLOCKER. Your phone may be the device that lives in your pocket, but Mr Larson described the computer as the real gold mine for personal information. Even if your data were password protected, someone who gained access to your computer “would have access to all your files if they were unencrypted.” Luckily, both Apple and Windows offer means of automatic encryption that simply need to be turned on. 3. THE WAY YOU HANDLE YOUR PASSWORDS IS PROBABLY WRONG AND BAD. You know this by now. Changing your passwords frequently is one of the simplest things you can do to protect yourself from digital invasion. But making up new combinations all the time is a hassle. Mr Larson recommends password managers, which help store many passwords, with one master password. He said that he uses LastPass, but knows plenty of people who use 1Password and KeePass, and that he doesn’t have a strong reason to recommend one over another. Not every security expert trusts password managers. Some noted that LastPass itself got hacked last year. So that means you may want to write them down in one secure location, perhaps a Post-it note at home. It seems more far-fetched that a hacker would bother to break into your home for a Post-it note than find a way into your computer. If you take that route, try setting a weekly or biweekly calendar reminder to change your passwords. As far as making passwords up goes: Don’t be precious about it. Use a random word (an object near you while you’re hunched over your Post-it), scramble the letters and sprinkle in numbers and punctuation marks. If you’re writing passwords down, you don’t have to worry about making them memorable. 4. PROTECT YOUR EMAIL AND OTHER ACCOUNTS WITH TWO-FACTOR AUTHENTICATION. When you turn this step on, anyone trying to sign in to your email from new devices will have to go through a secondary layer of security: a code to access the inbox that is sent to your phone via text message. (Though sadly, not through Signal.) You can also set two-factor authentication for social media accounts and other sites. But email is the most important account, since many sites use email for password recovery, a fact that has been exploited by hackers. Once they have access to your email, they can get access to banking, social media, data backups and work accounts. 5. USE A BROWSER PLUG-IN CALLED HTTPS EVERYWHERE. Mr Marlinspike recommended this plug-in, developed by the Electronic Frontier Foundation, a digital security organization. It ensures that you are accessing the secure form of websites, meaning that your connection to the site will be encrypted, and that you will be protected from various forms of surveillance and hacking. And this is a good time to note that you should always be aware whether the Wi-Fi network you’re using is secure. Public networks — and even private networks without security keys — often are not. 6. REMEMBER THAT INCOGNITO MODE ISN’T ALWAYS PRIVATE. You may be in such a hurry to use this feature, available on Chrome, Safari and Firefox, among other browsers, that you do not heed its clear warning. On Chrome, the second paragraph of the “incognito” home screen spells it out for you. “You aren’t invisible,” it says. “Going incognito doesn’t hide your browsing from your employer, your internet service provider, or the websites you visit.” Mr Larson recommended Tor in his article, a browser that allows for private web activity. But we’re not going to recommend that here, mostly because Tor is relatively slow and clunky at the moment. “I’ll be honest, I don’t use it very often,” Mr Larson said. He said that he suspected other browsers would start adding ways to browse more securely. “Apple is very security conscious,” he said. “I wouldn’t be surprised if they started to incorporate Tor-like features into Safari.” 7. DO SENSITIVE SEARCHES IN DUCKDUCKGO. Mr Larson said that if people were paranoid about Google, he would strongly encourage them to use DuckDuckGo, an alternative search engine. He said however, that he personally, was not paranoid. “Google is built on the hacker ethic and they have put principle above profits in some aspects,” he said. But he also acknowledged that he meets “people all the time who are extremely skeptical of any large software organization and I think that’s reasonable.” There are trade-offs. Google’s search results are more useful and accurate than competitors’ precisely because of the ways it collects and analyzes information about its customers’ searches. A BONUS: COVER YOUR WEBCAM WITH TAPE. That way, if someone has found a way to compromise your computer, they cannot spy on you through its camera. And yes, this happens. Happy encryption! mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Tech READ COMMENTED ‘Smart’ solar palm trees power Wi-Fi, phones in Dubai ‘Sextortion’, a new cyber crime, is common: Study ‘PCs will not go away in the next five or 10 years’ ‘PCs not dead yet’ ‘MyShake’ app, a personal tsunami warning system Zuckerberg reveals  steps to fight fake news on Facebook Tech throwback: Weird things we used to do with MSN Messenger Taiwan urged to let people decide if Uber stays South Korea rejects Google request to use mapping data Snapchat files for one of biggest tech IPOs in years Samsung to buy US auto tech firm Harman for S$11b Protect your digital life in 7 easy steps Pie in the sky: New Zealand makes pizza drone delivery Nintendo to release first iPhone Super Mario game on Dec 15 Google talks up its ‘neural machine’ translator Inside Today World Italy's Renzi gets backing in referendum from singers, athletes, chef Obama and Putin speak at APEC summit in Lima Three bombs explode at supermarket in Yangon, no dead or injured French conservatives choose candidate for 2017 presidential election Mali's local elections marred by boycotts, kidnapping Business Deutsche clears chairman of blame for bank's poor cooperation in Libor case: paper Volkswagen CEO says sees case for building own battery factory: paper China pledges further opening as leaders scramble for free trade New Zealand's Key says China will fill trade void left by U.S. Hong Kong firms in China charm-push ahead of Hong Kong-Shenzhen investment link Sports Singapore wants to drop F1 race, says Ecclestone Hafiz pays tribute to S’pore team-mates after seeing red Why We Run: Banker braving extremes to challenge his limits Suzuki Cup: Backs to the wall, Lions defy odds to earn point Schooling stars as Team Singapore athletes enjoy day out at Istana Entertainment Monroe’s ‘Happy Birthday Mr. President’ gown sold for almost S$7m Bollywood actress Mallika Sherawat attacked in Paris Five reasons why you should watch Legend Of The Blue Sea Got a film idea to share with Eric Khoo or Kelvin Tong? Goodbye, Plainsunset About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2016 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
facebook twitter pinterest facebook twitter pinterest All News  Mobile Phones Events Apple iPhone  BlackBerry Concept Phones Google Nexus  HTC  LG Microsoft Motorola  Nokia  Samsung  Sony  Phone Comparison  Accessories Mobile games Apps Android OS Apps iOS Apps BlackBerry Apps Windows Phone Apps Other Apps Software  Android OS  BlackBerry OS  iOS Windows OS  Other Software Tablet Video Hands-On Reviews  Phone Comparison Others Skip to content Homepage Mobile Phones Apple iPhone Apple Touch Disease Fix will come in the form of a $149 repair credit Apple Touch Disease Fix will come in the form of a $149 repair credit Categories Apple iPhone Mobile PhonesAuthor by Adam November 18, 2016 997 1 A large amount of time was spent talking about the Note 7 recall, but there was an Apple phone with an issue as well. Apple Touch Disease has plagued plenty of handsets, and as of today we finally know what the Apple Touch Disease fix will be… We are not sure who came up with the moniker “Touch Disease” but we are thankful as we didn’t want to go through another gate this year. If you are wondering what that is exactly, it’s an issue known to spring up on the iPhone 6 Plus with reports of it on the regular 6 as well. It would cause various display issues including flickering and issues with touch obviously. Apple hasn’t fully admitted there is a problem, but that are issuing a Apple Touch Disease fix… of sorts. Apple will offer up half-price repairs to iPhone 6 Plus users which means an Apple repair center will fix you up for $149. That’s quite a bit cheaper than what you would normally have to pony up, and if you previously had your handset repaired, they will give you back some cash as well. That said, the company did not come out and say there was an issue related to Bendgate, but that the issue appears “after being dropped multiple times on a hard surface and then incurring further stress.” Despite lawsuits and pitchforks, it appears Apple will not admit their fault with this one, but will offer up consumers something in return for their troubles. It certainly took long enough, and while the regular iPhone 6 experienced some issues of its own, we will have to settle for their Apple Touch Disease fix on the iPhone 6 Plus for now. Apple Tags appleApple Touch Diseasesmartphones Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Add to Google+ Add to Pinterest Post navigation Previous article Previous post: Xiaomi Mi Mix Nano Leaked With 5.5” Display and 4 GB of RAM Next article Next post: Xiaomi Mi Mix Nano specifications leak Adam Adam is a techie, who loves new gadgets and all things Westeros. Android is his OS of choice, and Pizza is his nemesis. Rumored iPhone 8 to Feature Dual-OIS, New Telephoto Lens November 18, 2016 LG V30 may lose its secondary display November 18, 2016 HTC 10 EVO launches November 22 as a rebranded Bolt November 18, 2016 Comments One thought on “Apple Touch Disease Fix will come in the form of a $149 repair credit” Reply Ryan says: November 19, 2016 9:08 pm When has Apple ever admitted to anything being wrong with one of their phones? You’re holding it wrong, don’t keep it in your pocket, don’t touch it too much, heh. Fail. Live Comment Your email address will not be published. Cancel Reply NAME* EMAIL* WEBSITE COMMENT Search Search for: Recommended posts Rumored iPhone 8 to Feature Dual-OIS, New Telephoto Lens Three Million Android Smartphones Infected with Dangerous Rootkit Huawei Black Friday includes deals on Honor 8 and 5c Nokia Officially Confirms New Smartphones Coming in 2017 HP Will Launch a Customer-Focused WP Smartphone in 2017 Huawei Mate 9 Lite Announced Officially Oukitel U15 Pro Review Asus ZenWatch 3 release date and price revealed Verizon Black Friday 2016 ad leaks with mobile deals Apple Touch Disease Fix will come in the form of a $149 repair credit Recent Comments Ryan on Apple Touch Disease Fix will come in the form of a $149 repair credit November 19, 2016 Alex on Apple Considers Manufacturing iPhones in the US November 18, 2016 Alex on iPhone 8 Edge appears in Concept Renders with unique Design November 15, 2016 Chris Black on UMi-BTS3 Bluetooth Speaker Review November 13, 2016 Chris Black on WP 10 VR Alcatel Idol 4S Rolling via T-Mobile for $469,99 November 11, 2016 Slider Widget Rumored iPhone 8 to Feature Dual-OIS, New Telephoto Lens November 20, 2016 Three Million Android Smartphones Infected with Dangerous Rootkit November 20, 2016 Oukitel U15 Pro Review November 20, 2016 LEGO Harry Potter game drops to a $1 through Google Play November 19, 2016 Google Play Movies goes 4K with new content November 19, 2016 About us Phonesreview.co.uk, obviously as the name suggests is a site dedicated around the news of the present day Mobile Phones. Handsets have gone through an entire reformation, from the old chunky mobile phones to new world of hybrid devices such as SmartPhones and PDAs. Phones Review reports about all the hottest announcements, launches and ongoing developments in the world of the portable electronic mobile devices. Recent posts Rumored iPhone 8 to Feature Dual-OIS, New Telephoto Lens November 20 2016 Three Million Android Smartphones Infected with Dangerous Rootkit November 20 2016 Oukitel U15 Pro Review November 20 2016 Tags android ANdroid 2.3 Gingerbread Android Ice Cream Sandwich Android Jelly Bean apple apple ipad Apple iPad 2 Apple iPhone App Store att BlackBerry Concept Phone games google Google Play htc HTC One india iOS iphone iPhone 3GS iPhone 4 iPhone 4S iPhone 5 iPhone 5S iPhone 6 iPhone Accessories itunes LG microsoft Motorola Nokia palm rim Samsung Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy S3 Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S5 smartphone smartphones t-mobile updates verizon Windows Phone 7 Contact About Us Privacy Advertise Copyright 2016 · Phonesreview.Co.Uk
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Apple may bring Siri to iMessage BI Intelligence Nov. 18, 2016, 10:10 AM 1,345 facebook linkedin twitter email print BII See Also CHATBOTS EXPLAINED: Why businesses should be paying attention to the chatbot revolution MESSAGING APPS FOR PUBLISHERS REPORT: Why chat apps are now crucial for publishers Here's what a Trump presidency means for mobile apps and platforms This story was delivered to BI Intelligence Apps and Platforms Briefing subscribers. To learn more and subscribe, please click here. Apple filed a patent last year to integrate Siri with its iMessage platform for iOS devices, TechCrunch reported. The voice-based virtual assistant would be able to conduct activities like making payments, scheduling appointments, and providing weather updates within a chat in the iMessage application. The patent filing clearly indicates that Apple has been working on bringing chatbots and other messaging app functions to iMessage. The patent provided an example of how the assistant could schedule meetings by scanning the calendars of everyone involved in a group chat, finding times when they are available, and then allowing everyone to vote on the best time slot within the chat. It could also conduct a person-to-person payment by scanning for applications on the user’s phone that can conduct the transaction, like Square Cash or Venmo, and then allow the user make a selection with a tap. The patent also describes how the company would ensure data security and privacy during interactions using Siri within iMessage. For instance, users could opt in or out of sharing any personal or device data with others, including businesses, much like iOS users can opt in or out of sharing ad-tracking data in iOS settings. The patent also states that companies would need informed consent from users before collecting such data. These measures indicate that Apple is already considering how brands could interact with consumers through iMessage via chatbots. The patent suggests that Apple is working to turn iMessage into a full-fledged messaging app that can compete with Facebook Messenger, Google Allo, and others. Such full-fledged messaging services with chatbots and voice-command capabilities are set to become a competitive feature for high-end smartphones. Google heavily emphasized the capabilities of its “smart” messaging app, Allo, when it unveiled its Pixel smartphone earlier this year. The Allo app will be available for other Android devices as well, although Google Assistant, Google’s new Siri competitor, will be available only on the Pixel phone for now. Additionally, Samsung will reportedly include its own proprietary voice-based virtual assistant in the S8, the next generation of its flagship handset. Apple will have to compete against popular apps like Facebook Messenger to gain user and brand engagement with a full-fledged messaging platform. Advancements in artificial intelligence, coupled with the proliferation of messaging apps, are fueling the development of chatbots — software programs that use messaging as the interface through which to carry out any number of tasks, from scheduling a meeting, to reporting weather, to helping users buy a pair of shoes.  Foreseeing immense potential, businesses are starting to invest heavily in the burgeoning bot economy. A number of brands and publishers have already deployed bots on messaging and collaboration channels, including HP, 1-800-Flowers, and CNN. While the bot revolution is still in the early phase, many believe 2016 will be the year these conversational interactions take off. Laurie Beaver, research associate for BI Intelligence, Business Insider's premium research service, has compiled a detailed report on chatbots that explores the growing and disruptive bot landscape by investigating what bots are, how businesses are leveraging them, and where they will have the biggest impact. The report outlines the burgeoning bot ecosystem by segment, looks at companies that offer bot-enabling technology, distribution channels, and some of the key third-party bots already on offer. The report also forecasts the potential annual savings that businesses could realize if chatbots replace some of their customer service and sales reps. Finally, it compares the potential of chatbot monetization on a platform like Facebook Messenger against the iOS App Store and Google Play store. Here are some of the key takeaways: AI has reached a stage in which chatbots can have increasingly engaging and human conversations, allowing businesses to leverage the inexpensive and wide-reaching technology to engage with more consumers. Chatbots are particularly well suited for mobile — perhaps more so than apps. Messaging is at the heart of the mobile experience, as the rapid adoption of chat apps demonstrates. The chatbot ecosystem is already robust, encompassing many different third-party chat bots, native bots, distribution channels, and enabling technology companies.  Chatbots could be lucrative for messaging apps and the developers who build bots for these platforms, similar to how app stores have developed into moneymaking ecosystems.   In full, the report: Breaks down the pros and cons of chatbots. Explains the different ways businesses can access, utilize, and distribute content via chatbots. Forecasts the potential impact chatbots could have for businesses. Looks at the potential barriers that could limit the growth, adoption, and use of chatbots. To get your copy of this invaluable guide, choose one of these options: Subscribe to an ALL-ACCESS Membership with BI Intelligence and gain immediate access to this report AND over 100 other expertly researched deep-dive reports, subscriptions to all of our daily newsletters, and much more. >> START A MEMBERSHIP Purchase the report and download it immediately from our research store. >> BUY THE REPORT The choice is yours. But however you decide to acquire this report, you’ve given yourself a powerful advantage in your understanding of chatbots. More: BI Intelligence BI Intelligence Content Marketing Apps and Platforms Mobile Chatbots Messaging apps facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Apple may bring Siri to iMessage Apple may bring Siri to iMessage This story was delivered to BI Intelligence... Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 Black Friday CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra Retina MacBook tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums Black Friday iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s Retina MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > iPhone 7 Plus Stock Expected to Remain Tight Through Holiday Shopping Season Friday November 18, 2016 6:46 AM PST by Joe Rossignol Apple is unlikely to reach iPhone 7 supply and demand equilibrium by the end of the December quarter, suggesting stock will remain tight through the holiday shopping season, according to Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster. Munster checked 134 Apple retail stores in the United States for in-store iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus availability and found 47% of models he checked were available for pickup compared to 40% a month ago. By comparison, he said last year the iPhone 6s lineup was at 100% availability at this time. iPhone 7 models remain more widely available than iPhone 7 Plus models by a significant margin. In a research note obtained by MacRumors, Munster said iPhone 7 Plus inventory remains constrained, with only 3% of SKUs available in the Apple retail stores he checked compared to 14% a month ago. Piper Jaffray said iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus inventory in China continues to be more constrained than on Apple's home turf. It found 16% total availability of SKUs at 96 China Unicom stores versus the 47% figure in the United States. Related Roundup: iPhone 7 Tags: Piper Jaffray, Gene Munster, Apple retail 43 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) icanhazapple 2 days ago at 06:56 am Apple is in a standoff with some of their big suppliers. They keep asking for more discounts, yet Apple keeps all the additional profit. The suppliers are fed up - we'll give you the parts at the price and volume we quoted you. No more feebies/extra volume. Rating: 7 Votes JimmyJimmyYam 2 days ago at 07:08 am Well, duh, that's what happens if you constrain supply. Rating: 5 Votes jmh600cbr 2 days ago at 07:19 am easy to get an an apple store. watch istocknow for 2 days and you can get one, i've already managed to help more than 3 friends get various colors including jet. we've had them since the 3rd week Rating: 4 Votes coolfactor 2 days ago at 07:11 am They just have to watch out. Apple doesn't want a exploding phone problem like Samsung had after Samsung put unrealistic requirements on their suppliers. That supplier was their very own Samsung Battery. Rating: 4 Votes Mad Mac Maniac 2 days ago at 09:13 am It'll be interesting to see sales numbers for the 7 over the next year. The 7 is arguably the worst, most controversial iPhone upgrade ever, and at a time when the competition is high, older iPhone models are increasing in longevity, and while the subsidized pricing structure is going away. I for one am still rocking my 6+. I'm not a hater. The 7 is a great phone, but I no longer feel required to purchase every other year... Rating: 3 Votes sbuttler77 2 days ago at 08:33 am Supply chain wizard Tim Cook Rating: 3 Votes macduke 2 days ago at 07:50 am I think the average consumer realizes that the iPhone 7 is just a darn good phone. Does it look significantly different? Not really unless you get one of the black colors. But unlike other iPhone models that I've went on here to complain about in the past, there's not much to say about the iPhone 7. It's just really good, and isn't really missing anything worth complaining about. If pressed I could probably come up with a list, such as full waterproofing, more improvements to low-light performance, deeper display black levels, maybe a bit more punch from the top speaker, and reduced bezels. But those are things that most people probably don't care a whole lot about. I feel like the thing finally has good enough waterproofing, good enough low-light performance, one of the best displays in the industry, finally has stereo speakers, and the battery life is finally at a point where I don't ever have to worry about it. The lack of a headphone jack is really the only con to this thing, and over time that will become less of an issue. Rating: 3 Votes Tsuchiya 2 days ago at 07:12 am That's annoying. My carrier is struggling to meet demand for the orders they received for the model I want. TBH I'm not sure I'll still want the phone if I'm kept waiting into the new year. Rating: 2 Votes profets 2 days ago at 06:58 am Wow, over 2 months since launch and the Plus model still shows 3-4 weeks. Either there is some crazy demand, or maybe they are still supply constrained with some part that is specific to the Plus. Rating: 2 Votes puckhead193 2 days ago at 08:00 am That's annoying. My carrier is struggling to meet demand for the orders they received for the model I want. TBH I'm not sure I'll still want the phone if I'm kept waiting into the new year. by the time you get it it will almost be September for the real upgrade. Just hold out a few months unless your phone is destroyed. I'm waiting it out. Not running around from store to store to find the phone I want or wait a month for it. Wait a few more months and I'll order the phone that shoulda been released in September. Rating: 2 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 New glass-backed design rumored to lose the Home button. Front Page Stories McLaren Confirms Talks With Apple, But They 'Never Matured to Definitive Proposition' 1 day ago on Front Page In late September, the Financial Times reported Apple was considering a full takeover of McLaren Automotive or a strategic investment in the British supercar maker. The New York Times and... 131 comments Apple May Be Throttling Verizon iPhone 7 LTE Performance 2 days ago on Front Page Apple may be throttling the LTE performance of the Verizon iPhone 7 to keep it on par with the AT&T iPhone 7, according to research conducted by Twin Prime and Cellular Insights and shared by... 252 comments Some 15-Inch MacBook Pro Models Misreporting Intel Iris Pro 580 Graphics 2 days ago on Front Page Several MacRumors readers have discovered that System Information readouts on some 15-inch MacBook Pro units appear to suggest they are running Iris Pro 580 integrated graphics, rather than Intel HD... 221 comments Apple Launches 'Touch Disease' Repair Program for iPhone 6 Plus 3 days ago on Front Page Apple today launched a new repair program for the iPhone 6 Plus, addressing complaints about a manufacturing issue that can cause the iPhone 6 Plus to become unresponsive to touch. According to... 407 comments In-Store Pickup Now Available for MacBook Pro With Touch Bar 3 days ago on Front Page Starting today, Apple has made in-store pickup available for the new MacBook Pro with Touch Bar in the United States, allowing customers to check stock at their local store and reserve a machine... 114 comments Here's a Look Inside Apple's New $200 Photo Book 3 days ago on Front Page Apple this week unveiled its latest product, a hardbound photo book that showcases 20 years of Apple products, highlighting every Mac, iPhone, iPod, and iPad released between 1998 and 2015. ... 259 comments Apple Releases New 'Bulbs' MacBook Pro Ad Highlighting Touch Bar 3 days ago on Front Page Apple today uploaded a new MacBook Pro ad to its YouTube channel, showcasing the machine's Touch Bar and comparing it to major inventions throughout time. Called "Bulbs," the ad... 203 comments Apple Says it Syncs Call Logs on iCloud As a 'Convenience to Customers' Amid Security Concerns 3 days ago on Front Page Earlier today, reports surfaced on The Intercept and Forbes claiming Apple "secretly" syncs Phone and FaceTime call history logs on iCloud, complete with phone numbers, dates and times, and... 103 comments • Microsoft Surface Studio Reviews: Apple Fans Might Be 'Tempted to Switch Camps', Despite High Price (334) • System Integrity Protection Inexplicably Disabled by Default on Some New MacBook Pro Models (104) • Future iPhones Could Be 'Made in America' as Apple Asks Foxconn to Consider U.S. Manufacturing (353) • AirPods Launch Rumors Now Include Dates in Late November and December (131) • Apple Stores to Host Free 'Hour of Code' Workshops in Early December (17) • Rumored 5.8" OLED iPhone Said to Have 5.1" to 5.2" Active Display Area (91) • Amazon Prime Membership is $79 Tomorrow Only, £59 for U.K. Customers Starting Today (123)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade Nintendo Wants HOW MUCH?! - The TouchArcade Show #273 If You Like TouchArcade, Please Support Our Patreon TouchArcade Game of the Week: 'Neon Chrome' 'Demon's Rise 2: Lords of Chaos' Review - And Now, the Other Side of the Coin 'Avadon 3: The Warborn' for iPad Review - A Worthy Conclusion to the Avadon Trilogy 'Space Marshals 2' Lands on Android as Free-to-Try App AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
null
null
Skip to content Military Technologies pr @ satprnews.com New iHome Classic Alarm Clock and Clock Radios Deliver Hassle Free Charging for Apple Watch and Qi Compatible Android Devices Perfect for the bedroom, both the iHome iPLWBT5 and iBN350 deliver excellent sound quality and support a number of music sources including Apple Lightning and FM radio (iPLWBT5 only), Bluetooth streaming, USB audio, and aux-in. Additionally, the clocks both feature a built-in microphone and advanced acoustic echo cancellation, helping both the near- and far-end user of a phone call hear clearly when used as a speakerphone. “iHome made its name more than a decade ago when it announced the industry’s first alarm clock radio with integrated iPod® dock, and even today with smartphones replacing portable music players, we remain committed to the category,” said Evan Stein, Director of Marketing at SDI Technologies. “Our new iPLWBT5 and iBN350 are great examples of how iHome as a brand is constantly innovating its legacy product category to enable users to get the most enjoyment out of their latest devices. Both units were designed to add convenience and reduce clutter. Since most Apple Watch owners have the latest iPhones, we integrated both Apple Watch and iPhone Lightning chargers on the iPLWBT5, making it convenient to charge two devices in one place; users may also now dock their iPhone with most cases. For Android users with Qi-compatible devices, the IBN350 allows users to simply lay their phone face up on top of the unit for it to wirelessly charge, no cables needed. Charging of a secondary device is also included via USB.” iPLWBT5 (MSRP: $129.99) iPhone and Apple Watch Charger/Clock Radio; features include: Wake to Bluetooth audio, docked Lightning device, FM radio, built-in tones or buzzer Wirelessly stream music from Bluetooth-enabled devices Lightning Connector dock to charge and play iOS devices Integrated Apple Watch charger Speakerphone features include built-in microphone, digital voice echo cancellation and answer & end controls FM stereo radio with 6 preset station memories Dual alarms to wake to different sources at different times, 7-5-2 alarm schedule for everyday, work week and weekends Charge mobile devices via 1 Amp USB port Auto dimming display adjusts for ideal brightness Aux-in jack iBN350 (MSRP: $129.99) NFC Bluetooth Stereo Dual Alarm Clock with Speakerphone, Wireless Charging and 1 Amp USB Charging, features: Qi-certified wireless charging for compatible devices – users simply lay their phone on top of the device Wirelessly stream music from Bluetooth-enabled devices NFC (near field communication) technology for instant Bluetooth setup Dual alarms for separate wake times Speakerphone with built-in microphone, digital voice echo cancellation and answer and end controls Aux-in jack (audio cable not included) 1 Amp USB port to charge most mobile devices 100V – 240V universal voltage AC adapter Both models are available at fine retailers including Best Buy; Bed Bath & Beyond will carry the iPLWBT5. For more information about iHome, its products, and this announcement, please visit www.ihomeaudio.com. About iHome: iHome was established in 2005 as a division of SDI Technologies, a company with over 60 years of consumer electronics innovation. The first iHome product introduced, an iPod-docking clock radio, was the top-selling iPod accessory for the year and firmly established iHome as the premier brand in the audio accessories market. Today, iHome remains the #1 selling brand in digital player speakers* with an impressive catalog of award-winning products. iHome is currently pioneering a new area of connected consumer electronics with the release of its iHome Control line of smart home products. Compatible with Apple and Android portable devices, the first product in the series, the iHome iSP5 SmartPlug was a launch partner with Apple’s HomeKit smart home software. Through their partnerships with Nest, Wink, Amazon Echo and Apple, iHome’s line of Smart home products offer the broadest IoT platform compatibility in the market. For more information on iHome and its products, visit ihomeaudio.com, Facebook (facebook.com/iHome), or follow @iHome on Twitter. Photo – http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161118/441077    To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/new-ihome-classic-alarm-clock-and-clock-radios-deliver-hassle-free-charging-for-apple-watch-and-qi-compatible-android-devices-300365832.html SOURCE iHome Related Links http://www.ihomeaudio.com Author Anna ChmielewskaPosted on November 18, 2016November 18, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: Global Over-the-Top (OTT) Content Market: Smartphone and Tablet Device Segment to Account for Significant Revenue Share Next Next post: EXPRESS Men’s Brand Ambassador Kris Bryant Named Major League Baseball National League Most Valuable Player 2016 Search for: Search Recent Posts Top Five Best Golf Balls Buyers Guide Advances Review List Released Unbiased Inbox Blueprint 2.0 Review Causes Worldwide Discussion, as Exclusive Bonus Introduced by Steve Baker Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor: Transgender Day of Remembrance Cultural exchange becomes spotlight on 3rd WIC Canadian Entreprenuer expands business empire Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 Categories Space Flight Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Military Technologies Proudly powered by WordPress
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple more Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Could Trump be the catalyst for an all-American iPhone? President-elect Donald Trump pledged that he would "get Apple to start making their computers and their iPhones on our land, not in China." But can it be done? By Adrian Kingsley-Hughes for Hardware 2.0 | November 18, 2016 -- 14:01 GMT (06:01 PST) | Topic: Hardware On the back of every iPhone are engraved the words "Designed by Apple in California Assembled in China". But could China soon be replaced by America? It's no secret that President-elect Donald Trump isn't happy that iPhones are manufactured in China rather than the US. During his campaign he pledged that he would "get Apple to start making their computers and their iPhones on our land, not in China," and it appears that this prompted Apple to look into the feasibility of shifting production. See also: How Apple plans to make more money from its cheap iPhone read this Forget Apple vs. Samsung. There's no stopping China in the smartphone war The problem comes down to industry commoditization. Read More According to sources speaking to the Nikkei Asian Review, Apple approached both Foxconn and Pegatron, the two companies responsible for manufacturing the iPhone, and asked the companies to look into shifting manufacturing to the US. According to the report, while "Pegatron declined to formulate such a plan due to cost concerns," Foxconn did look into the matter and, according to the source, concluded that "making iPhones in the US means the cost will more than double." Let's put the politics of this matter to one side and examine what we know of the way Apple manufactures the iPhone, what it costs to make an iPhone, how many people are involved in the process, and what the costs increases would possibly be. Also: Apple iPhone beware: Huawei, Oppo, BBK are closing gap in smartphone sales | Apple's iPhone is no longer the best Google phone | Apple to repair 'touch disease' on iPhone 6 Plus for $149 | Apple to offer two dual-camera iPhone models in 2017 First off, Apple doesn't manufacture iPhones itself. This job is outsourced to Foxconn and Pegatron, and these companies, in turn, manufacture the iPhone at six assembly plants in China and one in Brazil. Over the past four quarters these factories have assembled some 212 million iPhones. But this is only a small part of the story. On top of assembly there's the supply chain to consider. Apple has more than 750 suppliers in over 20 countries, sourcing and manufacturing the components and minerals needed to build the iPhone. Those suppliers employ some 1.6 million people. And as of June 2016, 69 of those suppliers were US based. And don't forget that these assembly plants and suppliers aren't just involved in building iPhones. Most will have some part to play in pretty much any piece of electronics you can think of. This truly is manufacturing on a global scale. Assembly is a small part of the iPhone's overall cost. While it is estimated that it costs Apple $224.80 to make a 32-gigabyte iPhone 7, the conversion costs per device -- which includes assembly and testing -- is only $5. According to Jason Dedrick, a professor at the School of Information Studies at Syracuse University, shifting the assembly to the US would add $30 to $40 to the overall cost, partly down to increased labor costs, but also because of increased transportation and logistics overheads. This, in turn, would add about $100 to the overall retail price. But all this would rely on assembly plants and skilled workers being ready to start building iPhones. And that infrastructure doesn't exist. Somebody would have to pay for it. Built-in iOS apps you should replace with... SEE FULL GALLERY 1 - 5 of 24 NEXT PREV And even if cost or assembly plants weren't an issue, there's the issue of speed. Take this quote from a 2012 CNN Money titled "Why Apple will never bring manufacturing jobs back to the U.S.": The real stumbling block is speed. Unlike U.S. plants, Foxconn and other Chinese manufacturing operations house employees in dormitories and can send hundreds of thousands of workers to the assembly lines at a moment's notice. On the lines, workers are subjected to what most Americans would consider unbearably long hours and tough working conditions. The same piece goes on to highlight the skills gap: Steve Jobs, Apple's late CEO, brought the issue up during an October 2010 meeting with President Obama. He called America's lackluster education system an obstacle for Apple, which needed 30,000 industrial engineers to support its on-site factory workers. "You can't find that many in America to hire," Jobs told the president, according to his biographer, Walter Isaacson. "If you could educate these engineers, we could move more manufacturing plants here." Then there's workforce flexibility. Here is a quote from a January 2012 New York Times piece: Apple executives say that going overseas, at this point, is their only option. One former executive described how the company relied upon a Chinese factory to revamp iPhone manufacturing just weeks before the device was due on shelves. Apple had redesigned the iPhone's screen at the last minute, forcing an assembly line overhaul. New screens began arriving at the plant near midnight. A foreman immediately roused 8,000 workers inside the company's dormitories, according to the executive. Each employee was given a biscuit and a cup of tea, guided to a workstation and within half an hour started a 12-hour shift fitting glass screens into beveled frames. Within 96 hours, the plant was producing over 10,000 iPhones a day. The same article goes on: "They [Foxconn] could hire 3,000 people overnight," said Jennifer Rigoni, who was Apple's worldwide supply demand manager until 2010, but declined to discuss specifics of her work. "What U.S. plant can find 3,000 people overnight and convince them to live in dorms?" And it goes on to touch on just how big the skills gap actually is: Another critical advantage for Apple was that China provided engineers at a scale the United States could not match. Apple's executives had estimated that about 8,700 industrial engineers were needed to oversee and guide the 200,000 assembly-line workers eventually involved in manufacturing iPhones. The company's analysts had forecast it would take as long as nine months to find that many qualified engineers in the United States. In China, it took 15 days. These are some huge problems that would need to be overcome, and not the sort of thing that anyone can fix in a few months or years. This would take decades. Apple does do some manufacturing in the US but it's tokenistic at best. In 2013 the company announced that its new Mac Pro would be assembled at a manufacturing facility run by Flextronics in Austin, Texas. But how many Mac Pros, which have a starting price of $3,000, is Apple selling a year, compared to iPhones? Bottom line, it seems like it was little more than an Apple PR stunt. It would be easy to say that it would take a miracle to bring iPhone manufacturing to the US, but that's vastly oversimplifying what it would take. It would take money and education, and a huge shift in the way the global supply chain works. And on top of that, it would take a public that was willing to pay the $100 or so extra that it would require to make that happen. I think it would be simpler to just ask for that miracle. Android smartphones for iPhone haters (November... SEE FULL GALLERY 1 - 5 of 5 NEXT PREV See also: Everyday carry tools and gadgets Do you need 32GB of RAM? Five reasons why Apple's new MacBook Pro makes me want to switch back to Windows Build a $400 Windows 10 PC Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Tablets Barnes & Noble launches $50 Nook Tablet 7-inch, on sale starting Black Friday Hardware Microsoft Surface Studio's big question: Can it poach creatives from Apple? E-Commerce Best Buy Q3 strong, but Q4 sales hit by Samsung Galaxy Note 7 recall Hardware Gyration Air Mouse Voice, First Take: Multi-function mouse gets voice-activated presentation effects × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Please enable javascript for best view and rich features! Please Try again! Login / Register | Logout Gizmodo Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery Gizmodo X Login / Register | Logout Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery expand How to Use Siri to Find New Music David Nield | Gizmodo MediaNov 18, 2016, 07.03 PM IST FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit AppleImage Credit One of the tasks any respectable virtual assistant should be able to carry out for you is to discover new music, and Siri is certainly up to speed in this regard. If you're lacking inspiration for your next road trip tune or party mix, here are some of the ways you can get Siri to help. 1) Hear songs like the current one  If you've come across a song in Apple Music that you really can't get enough of, Siri can add similar ones to the playlist. If you activate Siri mid-listen and say "play more songs like this," the assistant turns DJ and queues up a bunch of similar tracks after the current one. It's basically tapping into Apple Music's recommendation engine and is similar to launching a station based on a single track. Up to 50 songs are added to the Up Next menu, which you can then like or skip in the usual way to further tweak your recommendations. 2) Queue up tunes from a certain era Say you want to hear the big hits from the year of your birth or really any month in history. You can ask Siri to "play the top songs from 1982" or "play the top songs from March 2002" and you get a customized playlist of 25 tracks right there in Apple Music. There's going to be less of a guarantee that you'll like these songs than with the tip above, but it's a different way of exploring new music that you might not otherwise hear by browsing through the current charts or through your personalized recommendations. 3) Identify (and retrieve) songs you hear Ask Siri "what is currently playing?" or tell it to "name that tune" and Siri is usually able to identify the song you're hearing with a little help from Shazam (even if the Shazam app isn't installed). Tap on the song to play it in the Music app on your device, if it's available. What you might not know is how to retrieve a list of songs you've previously identified with Siri: head to the iTunes Store app, go to the Music tab, and then tap the menu button (three lines in the top right corner). Tap Siri to see the tunes that've recently been listed. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit Tags: AppleSiriPhonesmusicmobileIOSHow to Follow Gizmodo on facebookLiketwitterFollowgplusFollow Contribute to Gizmodo Write for Us Next StoryElon Musk Says His Smart Solar Roof Could Cost Less Than Your Dumbass R... Comments () Characters Remaining: 3000 SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION X Sort By:NewestOldestDiscussedUp VotedDown Voted More from this author The Best Free Alternatives to Expensive Software How to Save a Ton of Time With Custom Searches on Android Related stories How To Get Apple Music For Windows PC Report: Apple Will Bundle Beats Music Into iOS Next Year Apple Music Lets Siri Work as a Silly Sound Effects Machine How to Access Apple Pay From the Lockscreen in iOS 9 How to Teach Siri Better Pronunciation Here's Why Apple Failed With Siri Personalized Recommendations Editor's Picks The XX Story: How this British Indie Pop Trio is bringing the electronic inside pop like nobody else How to transfer photos from an iPhone directly to a Flash Drive Xiaomi’s Mi Mix first impressions: Right out of Minority report Mi Sad: Xiaomi’s Mi Note 2 and Mi Mix not coming to India Addressing The Elephant In The Room: Is The Mi Note 2 Better Than The Galaxy Note 7? Mi Note 2 first impression: Xiaomi’s Galaxy Note 7, but better Hot Right Now Apple Will Fix 'Touch Disease' on Your iPhone for Just $150 Adidas' New Biodegradable Sneakers Are Made From Ultra-Strong Artificial Silk Fibers Elon Musk Says His Smart Solar Roof Could Cost Less Than Your Dumbass Regular Roof Amazon Now Sells Cars Bald Eagle Metaphor Ends Perfectly My New $2500 MacBook Pro Was DOA How to Use Siri to Find New Music 40,000 Definitely Real People Have Applied for Jobs on Donald Trump's Broken Website Engineer in New Jersey Train Crash May Have Had a Sleep Disorder  Authorities Just Shut Down What.CD, the Best Music Torrenting Community Like what you see? Keep up with the latest by following us on and subscribe to our Daily Newsletter Related Content Trending on social WhatsApp Video Calls coming today to Android, iOS and Windows Phone Google Pixel XL may be the best phone in the world and you don't know it Google Pixel XL may be the best phone in the world and you don't know it OnePlus's new flagship killer goes official: here's everything we know How to know if the ATM nearby has cash or not AdAge Unicorns #AdAgeUnicorns: The Mahesh Murthy Interview (Part 2) #AdAgeUnicorns: The Mahesh Murthy Interview (Part 1) #AdAgeUnicorns: The Mahesh Murthy Interview (Part 3) #AdAgeUnicorns: Prasoon Joshi, The Ad Man Learn at Coursera Master Business Fundamentals from Wharton Leadership and Business Skill for Immediate Impact Take Big Data from University of California San DiegoMore » HUFFINGTON POST The Good, The Bad And The Ugly Smartphone 'Fans' After Google Phone, We Might See Google Watches Freedom 251 Maker Launches LED TV For ₹9900 Times of India Technology Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus price details revealed, goes up to Rs 92,000 Apple slashes prices of iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus by up to Rs 22,000 WhatsApp privacy policy challenged in Delhi High Court: 5 things to know Apple iOS 10 surpasses iOS 9 in early adoption in just 24 hours Gadgets Now Shop Yu Yureka Plus - 16GB (Moondust Grey) ₹ 6499BUY13MP Cam, 2GB RAM Lava A97 4G VoLTE - 8GB (Black & Grey) ₹ 5199BUY5" Screen, 4G VoLTE LG K10 - 16GB (Blue) ₹ 12610BUY2GB RAM, 5.3" Screen About | Privacy | Write For Us | Contact | Authors | Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy | Gizmodo US | RSS TIMES GLOBAL PARTNERS Times Global Partners is an initiative focused on partnering with Established and Emerging Global Digital Companies for growing their presence and business in India through growth in their Brand, audience, adoption, distribution and monetization. Copyright @ 2016. Times Internet Limited. All rights reserved.For reprint rights. Times Syndication Service.
Trending: Video: Our holiday gift guide 2016 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Video: New MacBook Pro show-and-tell Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. 7 reasons cloud migrations fail (free online course) What IT admins love/hate about 8 top network monitoring tools SharePoint 2013 cheat sheet IT users review 6 software test management tools More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Gamification Home Tech Location-Based Services Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) Business Process Management (BPM) CRM Collaboration Content/Document Management Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software Integration Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Mobile & Wireless Apple iOS Apple Holic By Jonny Evans |Follow About | Appleholic, (noun), æp·əl-hɑl·ɪk: An imaginative person who thinks about what Apple is doing, why and where it is going. Delivering popular Apple-related news, advice and entertainment since 1999. Opinion U.S. iPhone factories: Designed in California, made by machines What’s the point? Computerworld | Nov 18, 2016 5:25 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Apple More like this Apple’s Tim Cook speaks on Apple’s A.I. plans Apple's thousand year plan for India Perhaps it is time Apple set macOS X free Video Mingis on Tech: The iPhone 7, Apple Watch 2 -- and the gadget guy! Apple is apparently speaking with its Chinese manufacturing partners to assess if it is possible to bring iPhone manufacturing back into the USA. Skilled staff In the past the company has said one of the reasons it does not manufacture products here is because the U.S. lacks people with the right high-tech manufacturing skills. Speaking in 2012, Apple CEO, Tim Cook, also said he “hoped” assembly could take place in the U.S. again – perhaps it can, with the addition of a little artificial intelligence. A 2012 New York Times report also revealed: “Apple's executives believe the vast scale of overseas factories as well as the flexibility, diligence and industrial skills of foreign workers have so outpaced their American counterparts that "Made in the U.S.A." is no longer a viable option for most Apple products.” Not just Apple Almost every consumer electronics company thinks the same way. The only way to change this without making products so expensive that no one will buy them is to impose the same pay and conditions on U.S. manufacturing workers as their peers in China endure. Or replace them with machines. That’s got to be the most likely outcome. Apple’s existing suppliers are already using robots in iPhone manufacturing. Robots replaced 60,000 employees at just one Foxconn factory this year. "We will continue to harness automation and manpower in our manufacturing operations, and we expect to maintain our significant workforce in China,” the company said. Do those robots need to be in the country? Smart machines Today’s robots are much smarter than the production line machines we’ve seen in use in the last thirty years. They are capable of learning new skills. They use sophisticated deep learning and pattern matching technologies. They aren’t single-purpose machines that need replacing when the process changes. They are also more flexible and more willing to work a 12-hour day than the humans they replace. It makes no economic sense. What good will it do the U.S. economy to put its biggest technology firms out of business? In order to insource manufacturing to the U.S., big tech firms will inevitably seek out technological solutions to the problem they face, and this means that rather than hiring and training tens of thousands of U.S. workers, they are far more likely to purchase a bunch of robots to do the job, with a much smaller number of highly trained engineers to oversee the process. The human interface sell by date (Though even there, Gartner believes that by 2018, more than three million workers globally will be supervised by a robo-boss.) As former McDonald's chief executive Ed Rensi famously said: "It's cheaper to buy a $35,000 robotic arm than it is to hire an employee who is inefficient, making $15 an hour bagging French fries." The Mac Pro is already made in a highly mechanized production plant in the U.S. Apple’s Liam robot already takes iPhones apart for recycling and is based in the U.S. There will be many more machines working diligently across production lines worldwide. When you think about Apple bringing iPhone production back to the U.S., don’t expect the jobs to come back. Instead, consumer electronics companies like Apple will need to raise prices slightly to help pay for new automated manufacturing processes. They will need to invest in robots and the technologies that enable them. Made in the USA So your iPhone will still be Designed by Apple in California, but will be (partially) Assembled By Robots In The USA. They are also likely to be around $30-$40 more expensive to buy. Though if we're lucky, perhaps some of the robots will be manufactured here. Google+? If you use social media and happen to be a Google+ user, why not join AppleHolic's Kool Aid Corner community and join the conversation as we pursue the spirit of the New Model Apple? Got a story? Drop me a line via Twitter or in comments below and let me know. I'd like it if you chose to follow me on Twitter so I can let you know when fresh items are published here first on Computerworld. To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Apple iOS Mobile & Wireless Internet of Things Apple iPhone 7 Jonny is a freelance writer who has been writing (mainly about Apple and technology) since 1999. 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Shop Tech Products at Amazon You Might Like Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. What Readers Like China builds world’s fastest supercomputer without U.S. chips China's Sunway TaihuLight theoretical peak performance is 124.5 petaflops. Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis This sortable chart lets you compare dozens of tools for functionality, skill level and more. Windows 10 Anniversary Update: A guide to the builds The Windows 10 Anniversary Update is due this summer -- but if you don’t want to wait, you can install... BrandPostsLearn more Sponsored by VMware AirWatch IoT Will Have a Big Impact on Enterprise Mobility Popular Resources White Paper Accelerating Retail Activity White Paper Is Virtual Guarding the Future of Security? White Paper Leveraging Video Technology Beyond Loss Prevention in Retail White Paper Online Commerce: Plotting a Course to Personalization Case Study Sponsored Retail Execution Case Study: Carlsberg Go Top Stories Michael Flynn, Trump's NSA pick, is a cybersecurity hawk Michael Flynn, the man President-elect Donald Trump plans to name as U.S. national security advisor,... How lifelogging will become easy and automatic Before, only academic supergeeks tracked and recorded everything to achieve a photographic memory. But... Tech skills earning the highest cash premiums -- no certification required Some employers pay cash premiums to their tech professionals for specific hot skills and... The state of solar power looks bright in 2017 (+video) While solar and other forms of renewable energy still amount to a small percentage of all power... Sponsored Links INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Where do you stack up with your IT counterparts on cloud investment? Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 1994 - 2016 Computerworld, Inc. All rights reserved. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Answers IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Property Propertynews.com Property For Sale Property For Rent Agent Search Jobs niJobfinder Recruit NI Cars usedcarsni.com Classifieds Belfast Telegraph Classifieds For Sale Family Notices Place your ad Travel Travel Home Delivery Belfast Telegraph Studio Subscribe Newsletters Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ UK Website Of The Year Hi °C | Lo °C | WEATHER Athlone Bray Cork Drogheda Dundalk Galway Kilkenny Limerick Navan Waterford Home News Northern Ireland UK Republic of Ireland World Health Politics Sunday Life Graduations Sport Football Live Scores Premier League Fixtures Premier League Local Football Scottish International FA and League Cups The Park - Grassroots Football Rugby Ulster Rugby Guinness PRO12 Six Nations European Champions Cup Schools Cup GAA Antrim Armagh Cavan Derry Donegal Down Fermanagh Monaghan Tyrone Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Other Sports Belfast Giants Boxing Tennis Cricket Cycling Horse Racing Hockey Columnists Biting Back Paul Lindsay Declan Bogue Steven Beacom Billy on the box Scott Young Running Sports Awards Business Business News Appointments Commercial Property Money Help & Advice Opinion Viewpoint John Simpson The Big Interview Economy Watch Company Profiles Working Lunch Property Awards Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Belfast Festival Tech Pokemon Go Life Fashion & beauty Motoring House and Home Property Awards Food & Drink Recipes Restaurant Reviews Features Books Horoscopes Running Women Awards Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Fionola Meredith Eamonn McCann Gail Walker Lindy McDowell Readers Editor Robert Fisk Jane Graham Alf McCreary Frances A Burscough Ruth Dudley Edwards Johnny Andrews Bill White Will Chambré Noel McAdam Archive People Events Places Titanic Belfast 400 Ulster Covenant Travel Video Search Go Home › Technology Apple iPhones less reliable than Android devices, study finds Published 18/11/2016 0 Comments Share Apple iPhones less reliable than Android devices, study finds BelfastTelegraph.co.uk Apple’s iPhones and iPads are losing the battle against Android devices. http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/technology/apple-iphones-less-reliable-than-android-devices-study-finds-35226580.html http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/incoming/article35030625.ece/0c7f0/AUTOCROP/h342/Apple-Event-022.jpg Email Apple Senior Vice President of Worldwide Marketing Phil Schiller speaks on the new Apple iPhone 7 during a launch event on September 7, 2016 in San Francisco, California. (Photo by Stephen Lam/Getty Images) Apple’s iPhones and iPads are losing the battle against Android devices. That’s according to a new study by mobile diagnostics firms Blancco Technology Group (BTG), which claims that Apple’s devices are less reliable and experienced a bigger failure rate than their Android counterpart, driven by bugs in the iOS 10 update. Share Facebook Twitter Google Email Go To Comments For the purposes of the report the word “failure” refers to any number of problem including instances of apps crashing, connection difficulties and overheating. About 62 per cent of iOS devices suffered performance failures in the third quarter of 2016 compared with 47 per cent of Android devices, the report found. The iPhone 6 was the main culprit with the highest failure rate of 13 per cent. This was followed by the iPhone 5S and iPhone 6S both on 9 per cent. Overheating is cited as the most commen problem faced by iPhone users, followed by crashing apps at 15 per cent and headphone problems at 11 per cent. “If an iOS device exceeds a certain internal temperature threshold, it could have a ripple effect on other aspects of the device’s performance,” BTG said in its report. “For example, overheating could lead to the device no longer charging. It could also cause the display screen to dim or go black altogether. Other residual effects could be a weakened carrier signal or the camera flash being disabled temporarily,” the company added. The top crashing iOS apps chart puts Instagram in the leading position, crashing 14 per cent of the time followed by Snapchat at 12 per cent. Pokémon Go was dubbed “one of the most unstable iOS apps” in the third quarter, with apps crashing 5 per cent of the time. While the news could prove sobering to Apple an its iOS users, the company was not alone in experiencing some issues. Phil Schiller, Apple's senior vice president of worldwide marketing, talks about the features on the new iPhone 7 during an event to announce new products, Wednesday, Sept. 7, 2016, in San Francisco. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez) Phil Schiller, Apple's senior vice president of worldwide marketing, talks about the features on the new iPhone 7 earphone options during an event to announce new products, Wednesday, Sept. 7, 2016, in San Francisco. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez) Phil Schiller, Apple's senior vice president of worldwide marketing, talks about the features on the new iPhone 7 during an event to announce new products Wednesday, Sept. 7, 2016, in San Francisco. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez) Phil Schiller, Apple's senior vice president of worldwide marketing, talks about the features on the new iPhone 7 during an event to announce new products Wednesday, Sept. 7, 2016, in San Francisco. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez) Phil Schiller, Apple's senior vice president of worldwide marketing, talks about the features on the new iPhone 7 during an event to announce new products, Wednesday, Sept. 7, 2016, in San Francisco. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez) Phil Schiller, Apple's senior vice president of worldwide marketing, talks about the features on the new iPhone 7 during an event to announce new products Wednesday, Sept. 7, 2016, in San Francisco. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez) Phil Schiller, Apple's senior vice president of worldwide marketing, talks about the features on the new iPhone 7 earphone options during an event to announce new products Wednesday, Sept. 7, 2016, in San Francisco. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez) Apple CEO Tim Cook announces the new iPhone 7 during an event to announce new products Wednesday, Sept. 7, 2016, in San Francisco. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez) Phil Schiller, Apple's senior vice president of worldwide marketing, talks about the features on the new iPhone 7 earphone options during an event to announce new products Wednesday, Sept. 7, 2016, in San Francisco. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez) Jeff Williams, Apple's chief operating officer, speaks during an event to announce new products on Wednesday, Sept. 7, 2016, in San Francisco. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez) Phil Schiller, Apple's senior vice president of worldwide marketing, talks about the features on the new iPhone 7 earphone options during an event to announce new products, Wednesday, Sept. 7, 2016, in San Francisco. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez) Apple CEO Tim Cook announces the new iPhone 7 during an event to announce new products Wednesday, Sept. 7, 2016, in San Francisco. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez) SAN FRANCISCO, CA - SEPTEMBER 07: Apple Senior Vice President of Worldwide Marketing Phil Schiller introduces Lightning headphones during a launch event on September 7, 2016 in San Francisco, California. Apple Inc. is expected to unveil latest iterations of its smart phone, forecasted to be the iPhone 7. The tech giant is also rumored to be planning to announce an update to its Apple Watch wearable device. (Photo by Stephen Lam/Getty Images) Phil Schiller, Apple's senior vice president of worldwide marketing, talks about the features on the new iPhone 7 during an event to announce new products, Wednesday, Sept. 7, 2016, in San Francisco. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez) SAN FRANCISCO, CA - SEPTEMBER 07: Apple Senior Vice President of Worldwide Marketing Phil Schiller introduces Lightning headphones during a launch event on September 7, 2016 in San Francisco, California. Apple Inc. is expected to unveil latest iterations of its smart phone, forecasted to be the iPhone 7. The tech giant is also rumored to be planning to announce an update to its Apple Watch wearable device. (Photo by Stephen Lam/Getty Images) SAN FRANCISCO, CA - SEPTEMBER 07: Apple Senior Vice President of Worldwide Marketing Phil Schiller introduces a Lightning to 3.5 mm audio jack adapter during a launch event on September 7, 2016 in San Francisco, California. Apple Inc. is expected to unveil latest iterations of its smart phone, forecasted to be the iPhone 7. The tech giant is also rumored to be planning to announce an update to its Apple Watch wearable device. (Photo by Stephen Lam/Getty Images) SAN FRANCISCO, CA - SEPTEMBER 07: Apple Senior Vice President of Worldwide Marketing Phil Schiller announces AirPods during a launch event on September 7, 2016 in San Francisco, California. Apple Inc. is expected to unveil latest iterations of its smart phone, forecasted to be the iPhone 7. The tech giant is also rumored to be planning to announce an update to its Apple Watch wearable device. (Photo by Stephen Lam/Getty Images) SAN FRANCISCO, CA - SEPTEMBER 07: The newly announced Apple AirPods is seen on a screen during a launch event on September 7, 2016 in San Francisco, California. Apple Inc. is expected to unveil latest iterations of its smart phone, forecasted to be the iPhone 7. The tech giant is also rumored to be planning to announce an update to its Apple Watch wearable device. (Photo by Stephen Lam/Getty Images) SAN FRANCISCO, CA - SEPTEMBER 07: Apple Senior Vice President of Worldwide Marketing Phil Schiller announces AirPods during a launch event on September 7, 2016 in San Francisco, California. Apple Inc. is expected to unveil latest iterations of its smart phone, forecasted to be the iPhone 7. The tech giant is also rumored to be planning to announce an update to its Apple Watch wearable device. (Photo by Stephen Lam/Getty Images) SAN FRANCISCO, CA - SEPTEMBER 07: The newly announced Apple AirPods is seen during on a screen a launch event on September 7, 2016 in San Francisco, California. Apple Inc. is expected to unveil latest iterations of its smart phone, forecasted to be the iPhone 7. The tech giant is also rumored to be planning to announce an update to its Apple Watch wearable device. (Photo by Stephen Lam/Getty Images) SAN FRANCISCO, CA - SEPTEMBER 07: Apple Senior Vice President of Worldwide Marketing Phil Schiller speaks on the new Apple iPhone 7 during a launch event on September 7, 2016 in San Francisco, California. Apple Inc. is expected to unveil latest iterations of its smart phone, forecasted to be the iPhone 7. The tech giant is also rumored to be planning to announce an update to its Apple Watch wearable device. (Photo by Stephen Lam/Getty Images) SAN FRANCISCO, CA - SEPTEMBER 07: Apple Senior Vice President of Worldwide Marketing Phil Schiller speaks on the new Apple iPhone 7 during a launch event on September 7, 2016 in San Francisco, California. Apple Inc. is expected to unveil latest iterations of its smart phone, forecasted to be the iPhone 7. The tech giant is also rumored to be planning to announce an update to its Apple Watch wearable device. (Photo by Stephen Lam/Getty Images) Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks during an Apple event inside Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco, California on September 7, 2016. Apple on Wednesday is expected to introduce a new iPhone and perhaps a second-generation smartwatch as it polishes its lineup of devices to shine during the year-end shopping season. The rumor mill has been grinding away with talk of iPhone 7 models that will boast faster chips, more sophisticated cameras, and improved software while doing away with jacks for plugging in wired headphones. / AFP PHOTO / Josh EdelsonJOSH EDELSON/AFP/Getty Images SAN FRANCISCO, CA - SEPTEMBER 07: Apple Senior Vice President of Worldwide Marketing Phil Schiller speaks on the new Apple iPhone 7 during a launch event on September 7, 2016 in San Francisco, California. Apple Inc. is expected to unveil latest iterations of its smart phone, forecasted to be the iPhone 7. The tech giant is also rumored to be planning to announce an update to its Apple Watch wearable device. (Photo by Stephen Lam/Getty Images) Apple Senior Vice President of Worldwide Marketing Phil Schiller speaks on the new Apple iPhone 7 during a launch event on September 7, 2016 in San Francisco, California. (Photo by Stephen Lam/Getty Images) SAN FRANCISCO, CA - SEPTEMBER 07: Apple Senior Vice President of Worldwide Marketing Phil Schiller speaks on the new Apple iPhone 7 during a launch event on September 7, 2016 in San Francisco, California. Apple Inc. is expected to unveil latest iterations of its smart phone, forecasted to be the iPhone 7. The tech giant is also rumored to be planning to announce an update to its Apple Watch wearable device. (Photo by Stephen Lam/Getty Images) SAN FRANCISCO, CA - SEPTEMBER 07: Apple Senior Vice President of Worldwide Marketing Phil Schiller speaks on the new Apple iPhone 7 during a launch event on September 7, 2016 in San Francisco, California. Apple Inc. is expected to unveil latest iterations of its smart phone, forecasted to be the iPhone 7. The tech giant is also rumored to be planning to announce an update to its Apple Watch wearable device. (Photo by Stephen Lam/Getty Images) SAN FRANCISCO, CA - SEPTEMBER 07: Apple CEO Tim Cook announces the new Apple iPhone 7 during a launch event on September 7, 2016 in San Francisco, California. Apple Inc. is expected to unveil latest iterations of its smart phone, forecasted to be the iPhone 7. The tech giant is also rumored to be planning to announce an update to its Apple Watch wearable device. (Photo by Stephen Lam/Getty Images) Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks during an Apple event inside Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco, California on September 7, 2016. Apple on Wednesday is expected to introduce a new iPhone and perhaps a second-generation smartwatch as it polishes its lineup of devices to shine during the year-end shopping season. The rumor mill has been grinding away with talk of iPhone 7 models that will boast faster chips, more sophisticated cameras, and improved software while doing away with jacks for plugging in wired headphones. / AFP PHOTO / Josh EdelsonJOSH EDELSON/AFP/Getty Images Apple CEO Tim Cook introduces a Super Mario game during an Apple event inside Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco, California on September 07, 2016. Apple is expected to introduce a new iPhone and perhaps a second-generation smartwatch as it polishes its lineup of devices to shine during the year-end shopping season. The rumor mill has been grinding away with talk of iPhone 7 models that will boast faster chips, more sophisticated cameras, and improved software while doing away with jacks for plugging in wired headphones. / AFP PHOTO / Josh EdelsonJOSH EDELSON/AFP/Getty Images Jeff Williams, Apple's chief operating officer, speaks during an event to announce new products on Wednesday, Sept. 7, 2016, in San Francisco. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez) Jeff Williams, Apple's chief operating officer, speaks during an event to announce new products on Wednesday, Sept. 7, 2016, in San Francisco. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez) Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks during an Apple event inside Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco, California on September 7, 2016. Apple on Wednesday is expected to introduce a new iPhone and perhaps a second-generation smartwatch as it polishes its lineup of devices to shine during the year-end shopping season. The rumor mill has been grinding away with talk of iPhone 7 models that will boast faster chips, more sophisticated cameras, and improved software while doing away with jacks for plugging in wired headphones. / AFP PHOTO / Josh EdelsonJOSH EDELSON/AFP/Getty Images Jeff Williams, Apple's chief operating officer, speaks during an event to announce new products on Wednesday, Sept. 7, 2016, in San Francisco. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez) Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks during an event to announce new products on Wednesday, Sept. 7, 2016, in San Francisco. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez) Jeff Williams, Apple's chief operating officer, speaks during an event to announce new products on Wednesday, Sept. 7, 2016, in San Francisco. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez) Jeff Williams, Apple's chief operating officer, speaks during an event to announce new products on Wednesday, Sept. 7, 2016, in San Francisco. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez) SAN FRANCISCO, CA - SEPTEMBER 07: Apple COO Jeff Williams announces Apple Watch Series 2 during a launch event on September 7, 2016 in San Francisco, California. Apple Inc. is expected to unveil latest iterations of its smart phone, forecasted to be the iPhone 7. The tech giant is also rumored to be planning to announce an update to its Apple Watch wearable device. (Photo by Stephen Lam/Getty Images) SAN FRANCISCO, CA - SEPTEMBER 07: Apple COO Jeff Williams announces Apple Watch Series 2 during a launch event on September 7, 2016 in San Francisco, California. Apple Inc. is expected to unveil latest iterations of its smart phone, forecasted to be the iPhone 7. The tech giant is also rumored to be planning to announce an update to its Apple Watch wearable device. (Photo by Stephen Lam/Getty Images) SAN FRANCISCO, CA - SEPTEMBER 07: Apple COO Jeff Williams announces Apple Watch Series 2 during a launch event on September 7, 2016 in San Francisco, California. Apple Inc. is expected to unveil latest iterations of its smart phone, forecasted to be the iPhone 7. The tech giant is also rumored to be planning to announce an update to its Apple Watch wearable device. (Photo by Stephen Lam/Getty Images) Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks during an event to announce new products on Wednesday, Sept. 7, 2016, in San Francisco. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez) Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks during an event to announce new products on Wednesday, Sept. 7, 2016, in San Francisco. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez) Jeff Williams, Apple's chief operating officer, speaks during an event to announce new products on Wednesday, Sept. 7, 2016, in San Francisco. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez) SAN FRANCISCO, CA - SEPTEMBER 07: Shigeru Miyamoto, creative fellow at Nintendo and creator of Super Mario, speaks on stage during an Apple launch event on September 7, 2016 in San Francisco, California. Apple Inc. is expected to unveil latest iterations of its smart phone, forecasted to be the iPhone 7. The tech giant is also rumored to be planning to announce an update to its Apple Watch wearable device. (Photo by Stephen Lam/Getty Images) Jeff Williams, Apple's chief operating officer, speaks during an event to announce new products on Wednesday, Sept. 7, 2016, in San Francisco. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez) SAN FRANCISCO, CA - SEPTEMBER 07: Shigeru Miyamoto, creative fellow at Nintendo and creator of Super Mario, waves on stage during an Apple launch event on September 7, 2016 in San Francisco, California. Apple Inc. is expected to unveil latest iterations of its smart phone, forecasted to be the iPhone 7. The tech giant is also rumored to be planning to announce an update to its Apple Watch wearable device. (Photo by Stephen Lam/Getty Images) SAN FRANCISCO, CA - SEPTEMBER 07: Apple CEO Tim Cook waves as he arrives on stage during a launch event on September 7, 2016 in San Francisco, California. Apple Inc. is expected to unveil latest iterations of its smart phone, forecasted to be the iPhone 7. The tech giant is also rumored to be planning to announce an update to its Apple Watch wearable device. (Photo by Stephen Lam/Getty Images) SAN FRANCISCO, CA - SEPTEMBER 07: Apple CEO Tim Cook welcomes Nintendo Creative Fellow Shigeru Miyamoto on stage during a launch event on September 7, 2016 in San Francisco, California. Apple Inc. is expected to unveil latest iterations of its smart phone, forecasted to be the iPhone 7. The tech giant is also rumored to be planning to announce an update to its Apple Watch wearable device. (Photo by Stephen Lam/Getty Images) SAN FRANCISCO, CA - SEPTEMBER 07: Shigeru Miyamoto, creative fellow at Nintendo and creator of Super Mario, speaks on stage during an Apple launch event on September 7, 2016 in San Francisco, California. Apple Inc. is expected to unveil latest iterations of its smart phone, forecasted to be the iPhone 7. The tech giant is also rumored to be planning to announce an update to its Apple Watch wearable device. (Photo by Stephen Lam/Getty Images) A man holds a device mounting two iPhones before the start of an Apple event in San Francisco, California on September 7, 2016. Apple on Wednesday is expected to introduce a new iPhone and perhaps a second-generation smartwatch as it polishes its lineup of devices to shine during the year-end shopping season. The rumor mill has been grinding away with talk of iPhone 7 models that will boast faster chips, more sophisticated cameras, and improved software while doing away with jacks for plugging in wired headphones. / AFP PHOTO / Josh EdelsonJOSH EDELSON/AFP/Getty Images People crowd an entrance at Bill Graham Civic Auditorium before the start of an Apple event in San Francisco, California on September 7, 2016. Apple on Wednesday is expected to introduce a new iPhone and perhaps a second-generation smartwatch as it polishes its lineup of devices to shine during the year-end shopping season. The rumor mill has been grinding away with talk of iPhone 7 models that will boast faster chips, more sophisticated cameras, and improved software while doing away with jacks for plugging in wired headphones. / AFP PHOTO / Josh EdelsonJOSH EDELSON/AFP/Getty Images The Apple logo is seen on the outside of Bill Graham Civic Auditorium before the start of an event in San Francisco, California on September 7, 2016. Apple on Wednesday is expected to introduce a new iPhone and perhaps a second-generation smartwatch as it polishes its lineup of devices to shine during the year-end shopping season. The rumor mill has been grinding away with talk of iPhone 7 models that will boast faster chips, more sophisticated cameras, and improved software while doing away with jacks for plugging in wired headphones. / AFP PHOTO / Josh EdelsonJOSH EDELSON/AFP/Getty Images The Apple logo is seen on the outside of Bill Graham Civic Auditorium before the start of an event in San Francisco, California on September 7, 2016. Apple on Wednesday is expected to introduce a new iPhone and perhaps a second-generation smartwatch as it polishes its lineup of devices to shine during the year-end shopping season. The rumor mill has been grinding away with talk of iPhone 7 models that will boast faster chips, more sophisticated cameras, and improved software while doing away with jacks for plugging in wired headphones. / AFP PHOTO / Josh EdelsonJOSH EDELSON/AFP/Getty Images SAN FRANCISCO, CA - SEPTEMBER 07: Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks on stage during a launch event on September 7, 2016 in San Francisco, California. Apple Inc. is expected to unveil latest iterations of its smart phone, forecasted to be the iPhone 7. The tech giant is also rumored to be planning to announce an update to its Apple Watch wearable device. (Photo by Stephen Lam/Getty Images) The Apple logo is seen on the outside of Bill Graham Civic Auditorium before the start of an event in San Francisco, California on September 7, 2016. Apple on Wednesday is expected to introduce a new iPhone and perhaps a second-generation smartwatch as it polishes its lineup of devices to shine during the year-end shopping season. The rumor mill has been grinding away with talk of iPhone 7 models that will boast faster chips, more sophisticated cameras, and improved software while doing away with jacks for plugging in wired headphones. / AFP PHOTO / Josh EdelsonJOSH EDELSON/AFP/Getty Images SAN FRANCISCO, CA - SEPTEMBER 07: Apple CEO Tim Cook waves as he arrives on stage during a launch event on September 7, 2016 in San Francisco, California. Apple Inc. is expected to unveil latest iterations of its smart phone, forecasted to be the iPhone 7. The tech giant is also rumored to be planning to announce an update to its Apple Watch wearable device. (Photo by Stephen Lam/Getty Images) SAN FRANCISCO, CA - SEPTEMBER 07: Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks on stage during a launch event on September 7, 2016 in San Francisco, California. Apple Inc. is expected to unveil latest iterations of its smart phone, forecasted to be the iPhone 7. The tech giant is also rumored to be planning to announce an update to its Apple Watch wearable device. (Photo by Stephen Lam/Getty Images) SAN FRANCISCO, CA - SEPTEMBER 07: Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks on stage during a launch event on September 7, 2016 in San Francisco, California. Apple Inc. is expected to unveil latest iterations of its smart phone, forecasted to be the iPhone 7. The tech giant is also rumored to be planning to announce an update to its Apple Watch wearable device. (Photo by Stephen Lam/Getty Images) SAN FRANCISCO, CA - SEPTEMBER 07: Apple CEO Tim Cook waves as he arrives on stage during a launch event on September 7, 2016 in San Francisco, California. Apple Inc. is expected to unveil latest iterations of its smart phone, forecasted to be the iPhone 7. The tech giant is also rumored to be planning to announce an update to its Apple Watch wearable device. (Photo by Stephen Lam/Getty Images) SAN FRANCISCO, CA - SEPTEMBER 07: Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks on stage during a launch event on September 7, 2016 in San Francisco, California. Apple Inc. is expected to unveil latest iterations of its smart phone, forecasted to be the iPhone 7. The tech giant is also rumored to be planning to announce an update to its Apple Watch wearable device. (Photo by Stephen Lam/Getty Images) SAN FRANCISCO, CA - SEPTEMBER 07: Apple CEO Tim Cook waves as he arrives on stage during a launch event on September 7, 2016 in San Francisco, California. Apple Inc. is expected to unveil latest iterations of its smart phone, forecasted to be the iPhone 7. The tech giant is also rumored to be planning to announce an update to its Apple Watch wearable device. (Photo by Stephen Lam/Getty Images) On the Android side, Samsung had the highest rate of device failure at 11 per cent. Android users suffered from USB problems and battery drain, which BTG blamed on the popular Pokémon Go app. Richard Stiennon, chief strategy officer at Blancco Technology Group, said: “Battery charging ranked in the list of the top five performance issues plaguing Android devices in the third quarter. A member of the media takes a photo of with a model of the new Nexus 6P during the launch event at Google HQ in London. The new Google Chromecast is displayed during a Google media event on September 29, 2015 in San Francisco, California. Google unveiled its 2015 smartphone lineup, the Nexus 5x and Nexus 6P, the new Chromecast and new Android 6.0 Marshmallow software features. (Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images) A member of the media takes a photo of a model of the new Nexus 6P during the launch event at Google HQ in London. PRESS ASSOCIATION Photo. Picture date: Tuesday September 29, 2015. Google?s larger Nexus phone has been built in collaboration with Chinese firm Huawei, and is the first Nexus to have a full metal body. See PA story TECHNOLOGY Google 6P. Photo credit should read: Andrew Matthews/PA Wire A member of Google demonstrates the new finger print ID function on a new Nexus 6P during the launch event at Google HQ in London. PRESS ASSOCIATION Photo. Picture date: Tuesday September 29, 2015. Google?s larger Nexus phone has been built in collaboration with Chinese firm Huawei, and is the first Nexus to have a full metal body. See PA story TECHNOLOGY Google 6P. Photo credit should read: Andrew Matthews/PA Wire A new Nexus 5X during the launch event at Google HQ in London. PRESS ASSOCIATION Photo. Picture date: Tuesday September 29, 2015. Google has confirmed a new version of its popular Nexus 5 - the 5X, which again will be made by LG. See PA story TECHNOLOGY Google 5X. Photo credit should read: Andrew Matthews/PA Wire A new Nexus 6P during the launch event at Google HQ in London. PRESS ASSOCIATION Photo. Picture date: Tuesday September 29, 2015. Google?s larger Nexus phone has been built in collaboration with Chinese firm Huawei, and is the first Nexus to have a full metal body. See PA story TECHNOLOGY Google 6P. Photo credit should read: Andrew Matthews/PA Wire A new Nexus 6P during the launch event at Google HQ in London. PRESS ASSOCIATION Photo. Picture date: Tuesday September 29, 2015. Google?s larger Nexus phone has been built in collaboration with Chinese firm Huawei, and is the first Nexus to have a full metal body. See PA story TECHNOLOGY Google 6P. Photo credit should read: Andrew Matthews/PA Wire SAN FRANCISCO, CA - SEPTEMBER 29: An attendee looks at a display of new Google devices during a Google media event on September 29, 2015 in San Francisco, California. Google unveiled its 2015 smartphone lineup, the Nexus 5x and Nexus 6P, the new Chromecast and new Android 6.0 Marshmallow software features. (Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images) A new Nexus 5X during the launch event at Google HQ in London. PRESS ASSOCIATION Photo. Picture date: Tuesday September 29, 2015. Google has confirmed a new version of its popular Nexus 5 - the 5X, which again will be made by LG. See PA story TECHNOLOGY Google 5X. Photo credit should read: Andrew Matthews/PA Wire SAN FRANCISCO, CA - SEPTEMBER 29: An attendee stands by a display of new Google devices during a Google media event on September 29, 2015 in San Francisco, California. Google unveiled its 2015 smartphone lineup, the Nexus 5x and Nexus 6P, the new Chromecast and new Android 6.0 Marshmallow software features. (Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images) A member of Google demonstrates the new finger print ID function on a new Nexus 5X during the launch event at Google HQ in London. PRESS ASSOCIATION Photo. Picture date: Tuesday September 29, 2015. Google has confirmed a new version of its popular Nexus 5 - the 5X, which again will be made by LG. See PA story TECHNOLOGY Google 5X. Photo credit should read: Andrew Matthews/PA Wire A member of Google takes a photograph on a new Nexus 5X during the launch event at Google HQ in London. PRESS ASSOCIATION Photo. Picture date: Tuesday September 29, 2015. Google has confirmed a new version of its popular Nexus 5 - the 5X, which again will be made by LG. See PA story TECHNOLOGY Google 5X. Photo credit should read: Andrew Matthews/PA Wire A Google Chromecast Audio on display during the launch event at Google HQ in London. PRESS ASSOCIATION Photo. Picture date: Tuesday September 29, 2015. As well as an update of the TV version, Google announced a new music version, called Chromecast Audio. This can be plugged into home speakers, with audio content from any mobile device then streamed to them via your home WiFi network. See PA story TECHNOLOGY Google Chromecast. Photo credit should read: Andrew Matthews/PA Wire A Google Chromecast Audio on display during the launch event at Google HQ in London. PRESS ASSOCIATION Photo. Picture date: Tuesday September 29, 2015. As well as an update of the TV version, Google announced a new music version, called Chromecast Audio. This can be plugged into home speakers, with audio content from any mobile device then streamed to them via your home WiFi network. See PA story TECHNOLOGY Google Chromecast. Photo credit should read: Andrew Matthews/PA Wire A Google Chromecast Audio on display during the launch event at Google HQ in London. PRESS ASSOCIATION Photo. Picture date: Tuesday September 29, 2015. As well as an update of the TV version, Google announced a new music version, called Chromecast Audio. This can be plugged into home speakers, with audio content from any mobile device then streamed to them via your home WiFi network. See PA story TECHNOLOGY Google Chromecast. Photo credit should read: Andrew Matthews/PA Wire Google chief executive Sundar Pichai announces new Nexus smartphones and a Pixel tablet that converts into a laptop-style computer at a press event in San Francisco, California on September 29, 2015. AFP PHOTO/GLENN CHAPMANGLENN CHAPMAN/AFP/Getty Images Andrew Bowers of Google shows off a new Pixel C tablet that can be connected to a keyboard for laptop-style use, in San Francisco, California on September 29, 2015. AFP PHOTO/GLENN CHAPMANGLENN CHAPMAN/AFP/Getty Images SAN FRANCISCO, CA - SEPTEMBER 29: Google product manager Andrew Bowers announces the new Android-based Pixel C tablet during a Google media event on September 29, 2015 in San Francisco, California. Google unveiled its 2015 smartphone lineup, the Nexus 5x and Nexus 6P, the new Chromecast and new Android 6.0 Marshmallow software features. (Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images)(Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images) SAN FRANCISCO, CA - SEPTEMBER 29: Google product manager Andrew Bowers announces the new Android-based Pixel C tablet during a Google media event on September 29, 2015 in San Francisco, California. Google unveiled its 2015 smartphone lineup, the Nexus 5x and Nexus 6P, the new Chromecast and new Android 6.0 Marshmallow software features. (Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images)(Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images) SAN FRANCISCO, CA - SEPTEMBER 29: Google VP of engineering Dave Burke announces a new Nexus 6P phone during a Google media event on September 29, 2015 in San Francisco, California. (Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images) SAN FRANCISCO, CA - SEPTEMBER 29: Google product manager Andrew Bowers announces the new Android-based Pixel C tablet during a Google media event on September 29, 2015 in San Francisco, California. Google unveiled its 2015 smartphone lineup, the Nexus 5x and Nexus 6P, the new Chromecast and new Android 6.0 Marshmallow software features. (Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images)(Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images) SAN FRANCISCO, CA - SEPTEMBER 29: Google product manager Andrew Bowers announces the new Android-based Pixel C tablet during a Google media event on September 29, 2015 in San Francisco, California. Google unveiled its 2015 smartphone lineup, the Nexus 5x and Nexus 6P, the new Chromecast and new Android 6.0 Marshmallow software features. (Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images)(Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images) SAN FRANCISCO, CA - SEPTEMBER 29: Google product manager Andrew Bowers announces the new Android-based Pixel C tablet during a Google media event on September 29, 2015 in San Francisco, California. Google unveiled its 2015 smartphone lineup, the Nexus 5x and Nexus 6P, the new Chromecast and new Android 6.0 Marshmallow software features. (Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images)(Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images) SAN FRANCISCO, CA - SEPTEMBER 29: Google product manager Andrew Bowers announces the new Android-based Pixel C tablet during a Google media event on September 29, 2015 in San Francisco, California. Google unveiled its 2015 smartphone lineup, the Nexus 5x and Nexus 6P, the new Chromecast and new Android 6.0 Marshmallow software features. (Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images)(Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images) SAN FRANCISCO, CA - SEPTEMBER 29: Google product manager Andrew Bowers announces the new Android-based Pixel C tablet during a Google media event on September 29, 2015 in San Francisco, California. Google unveiled its 2015 smartphone lineup, the Nexus 5x and Nexus 6P, the new Chromecast and new Android 6.0 Marshmallow software features. (Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images)(Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images) SAN FRANCISCO, CA - SEPTEMBER 29: Google CEO Sundar Pichai speaks during a Google media event on September 29, 2015 in San Francisco, California. (Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images) SAN FRANCISCO, CA - SEPTEMBER 29: Google VP of engineering Dave Burke announces a new Nexus 6P phone during a Google media event on September 29, 2015 in San Francisco, California. (Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images) SAN FRANCISCO, CA - SEPTEMBER 29: Google VP of engineering Dave Burke announces a new Nexus 6P phone during a Google media event on September 29, 2015 in San Francisco, California. (Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images) SAN FRANCISCO, CA - SEPTEMBER 29: Google CEO Sundar Pichai speaks during a Google media event on September 29, 2015 in San Francisco, California. (Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images) SAN FRANCISCO, CA - SEPTEMBER 29: Google VP of engineering Dave Burke announces a new Nexus 5X phone during a Google media event on September 29, 2015 in San Francisco, California. Google unveiled its 2015 smartphone lineup, the Nexus 5x and Nexus 6P, and new Android 6.0 Marshmallow software features. (Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images) SAN FRANCISCO, CA - SEPTEMBER 29: Google VP of engineering Dave Burke holds up a new Nexus 6P phone during a Google media event on September 29, 2015 in San Francisco, California. (Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images) NEW YORK, NY - SEPTEMBER 28: (L-R) President of US Media at Nielsen Lynda Clarizio, Wall Street Journal Bureau Chief Amol Sharma and Google Vice President of Global Brand Solutions & Innovations Lucas Watson speak onstage at the Nielsen panel during Advertising Week 2015 AWXII at the Times Center Stage on September 28, 2015 in New York City. (Photo by Robin Marchant/Getty Images for AWXII) SAN FRANCISCO, CA - SEPTEMBER 29: Google VP of engineering Dave Burke announces a new Nexus 6P phone during a Google media event on September 29, 2015 in San Francisco, California. (Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images) ”Since users must keep their device screen and GPS on in order to play the virtual reality game, both of these functions are known to drain the device’s battery charge.“ Independent News Service Your Comments COMMENT RULES: Comments that are judged to be defamatory, abusive or in bad taste are not acceptable and contributors who consistently fall below certain criteria will be permanently blacklisted. The moderator will not enter into debate with individual contributors and the moderator’s decision is final. It is Belfast Telegraph policy to close comments on court cases, tribunals and active legal investigations. We may also close comments on articles which are being targeted for abuse. Problems with commenting? customercare@belfasttelegraph.co.uk Powered by Livefyre Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Livefyre. Read More Snapchat in the frame to make camera glasses cool  Remember Glass, the £1,000 smart spectacles launched by Google to much fanfare in 2012, but abruptly cancelled three years later following sluggish sales and a backlash from the public, who objected to being filmed without their knowledge? Golden Joystick Awards: Dark Souls 3 named ultimate game of the year  Action role-playing video game Dark Souls 3 has been named ultimate game of the year at the annual Golden Joystick Awards. Investigatory Powers Bill: 'Snoopers Charter 2' to pass into law, giving Government sweeping...  The House of Lords has passed the Investigatory Powers Bill, putting the huge spying powers on their way to becoming law within weeks. 6 of the best bargain gadgets  By Keeley Bolger AmazonBasics Nano Bluetooth Speaker, £10.99, www.amazon.co.uk: Give the gift of sound this Christmas with this Amazon portable speaker. Designed for those on-the-go, it easily fits into an adult hand and is light enough to stash into a bag. Being a budget speaker built for movability, the sound quality isn't crystal clear, but for plugging... Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Supersonic Boom: New passenger plane to fly faster than Concorde  Technology Apple iPhones less reliable than Android devices, study finds  Technology Investigatory Powers Bill: 'Snoopers Charter 2' to pass into law, giving Government...  Technology 6 of the best bargain gadgets  Technology Snapchat in the frame to make camera glasses cool  Technology Judge threatens to shut Altnagelvin Hospital over patient record  Northern Ireland Family of pregnant woman murdered by UVF in call for collusion...  Northern Ireland New group to help LGBT Presbyterian Church members  Northern Ireland Micheal Martin slams 'backward-looking nationalism' after Brexit decision  Republic of Ireland Rory McIlroy roasted by 9-year-old on his favourite female tennis player, Zika...  Northern Ireland Northern Ireland beef farmer: 'Let's make most of opportunities this will offer us' Restaurant review: We take a big bite from Alfredo's Belfast Telegraph Drum Manor Run 10k and 5k - finishing times and pictures Ireland v New Zealand: All Blacks break Irish hearts with 21-9 win in Dublin Edward Snowden post-US election Q&A Battlefield 1 review: 'One of the greatest' Technology Robot takeover: Government completely unprepared for automation and artificial... Technology Paralysed patients walk again after training with exoskeleton and virtual reality Technology Apple’s Philip Schiller interview: Touch Bars, headphone jacks and voice... Technology Tech billionaires convinced we live in the Matrix are secretly funding scientists to help... Technology Paralysed patients walk again after VR training Technology PlayStation VR: Sony releases virtual reality kit Technology Instagram to launch online shopping trial Offbeat UK's first professional drone race to be held in London Technology Art created using virtual reality headset to be exhibited at the Royal Academy Technology Oculus Rift UK and Europe release date Technology Facebook to start taking user data from WhatsApp Technology How is technology affecting our health? Technology Netherlands on brink of banning sale of petrol-fuelled cars Technology What the human body would have to look like to survive a serious car crash Technology China's straddling bus takes first test drive By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. See our Privacy & Cookie Policy News Northern Ireland UK Rep of Ireland Health Education Sport Football Rugby GAA Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Business Business News Money Help & Advice Opinion The Big Interview Economy Watch Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Going Out Cinema Listings Life Woman Fashion House Just Born Just Married Food Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Search Go Mobile Site Sitemap Contact Legal Terms & Policies Media Pack Group Websites Complaints © Belfast Telegraph Home News Northern Ireland UK Republic of Ireland World Health Politics Sunday Life Graduations Sport Football Live Scores Premier League Fixtures Premier League Local Football Scottish International FA and League Cups The Park - Grassroots Football Rugby Ulster Rugby Guinness PRO12 Six Nations European Champions Cup Schools Cup GAA Antrim Armagh Cavan Derry Donegal Down Fermanagh Monaghan Tyrone Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Other Sports Belfast Giants Boxing Tennis Cricket Cycling Horse Racing Hockey Columnists Biting Back Paul Lindsay Declan Bogue Steven Beacom Billy on the box Scott Young Running Sports Awards Business Business News Appointments Commercial Property Money Help & Advice Opinion Viewpoint John Simpson The Big Interview Economy Watch Company Profiles Working Lunch Property Awards Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Belfast Festival Tech Pokemon Go Life Fashion & beauty Motoring House and Home Property Awards Food & Drink Recipes Restaurant Reviews Features Books Horoscopes Running Women Awards Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Fionola Meredith Eamonn McCann Gail Walker Lindy McDowell Readers Editor Robert Fisk Jane Graham Alf McCreary Frances A Burscough Ruth Dudley Edwards Johnny Andrews Bill White Will Chambré Noel McAdam Archive People Events Places Titanic Belfast 400 Ulster Covenant Travel Video Search Go
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE Logitech Speakers, Keyboards, and Other Accessories Up to 70% Off Today Only [Deal] Tayasui Sketches Pro is Apple's Free App of the Week [Download] Apple is Throttling Performance of the Qualcomm iPhone 7 [Report] AT&T to Launch Its DirecTV Now Streaming TV Service on November 28th Late Show With Stephen Colbert Mocks $300 Apple Design Book [Video] Newly Discovered Trick Lets You Bypass iPhone Lockscreen and Access Contacts, Photos, More [Video] Claridge's Unveils 2016 Christmas Tree Designed By Jonathan Ive and Marc Newson [Photo] Here Are Some of Amazon's Black Friday Deals Ecobee3 Wi-Fi Thermostat With HomeKit Support is On Sale for 20% Off [Deal] Sony's Extra Bass Bluetooth Headphones Are On Sale for 56% Off [Deal] iHome Unveils Speakerphone Alarm Clock Radio With Charging Dock for iPhone and Apple Watch iFixit Posts Teardown of the New 15-inch MacBook Pro With Touch Bar [Photos] Nest App for Apple TV Lets You View Your Nest Cam Live Video Feeds Apple Asks Foxconn and Pegatron to Investigate Making iPhones in America as Donald Trump Becomes President Apple Announces Multi-Touch Repair Program for iPhone 6 Plus Apple Stores Your iPhone Call Logs in iCloud Even If iCloud Backups Are Turned Off [Report] Apple Posts New MacBook Pro Ad: Bulbs [Video] Apple to Integrate AR Into iPhone's Camera App? iPhone 7 Launch More Successful Than iPhone 6s Launch But Not as Great as iPhone 6 Launch [Report] Amazon Prime is Just $79 Today [Deal] Apple Announces Multi-Touch Repair Program for iPhone 6 Plus LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted November 18, 2016 at 1:51pm by iClarified · 5034 views · Translate Apple has announced the launch of a Multi-Touch Repair Program for the iPhone 6 Plus. Apple has determined that some iPhone 6 Plus devices may exhibit display flickering or Multi-Touch issues after being dropped multiple times on a hard surface and then incurring further stress on the device. If your iPhone 6 Plus is exhibiting the symptoms noted above, is in working order, and the screen is not cracked or broken, Apple will repair your device for a service price of $149. The company also notes that it will contact customers who may have paid for a service repair related to this issue either through Apple or an Apple Authorized Service Provider to arrange reimbursement. The reimbursement amount will equal the difference between the price you paid for the original service to your iPhone 6 Plus and the $149 service price. You can have your iPhone 6 Plus repaired via an Apple Authorized Service Provider, Apple Retail Store, or Apple Technical Support. Hit the link below for more details... Read More Follow iClarified Comments (13) Add Comment Mal Reynolds - 16 hours ago Apple always does this deny, deny, deny the admit there "may" be a problem.... wait a while the come out with a limited half assed repair program. This program is BS. The problem is due to the phone flexing and breaking 2 chips. It is a design flaw. Just like all the graphic chip issues involving several generations of MacBook Pros. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Tao Pai Pai - November 18, 2016 at 7:57pm Wow now I have clones here lol. Tottoto dete ike (ｰｰ;) Reply · Like · Mark as Spam D4xM4Nx - November 18, 2016 at 6:58pm Greedy motherfuckers! I DO agree it's the customers' fault sometimes for being careless and not handling his/her expensive phone properly, so many cases out there can't be just irresponsibility... Apple is to blame for their lack of QC AND showing what they really care for: money. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam A non e moose - November 18, 2016 at 2:40pm Lmao. Dat money grab. It's a flaw that affects a large number of iPhones and they still want you to pay it upfront for repairs, instead of doing a courtesy fix/recall. Imagine this on a car, where there is a large enough sample exhibiting a non-fatal defect like bad air-conditioning, but the car manufacturer won't give you a courtesy fix. Yeah I guess you can argue it is "out of warranty" but everyone has had so many terrible experiences with the touch screen ala Touch Disease since year one, that they "happened" to just announce this once people's Apple Care expired. Definitely intentional. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Stupid - November 18, 2016 at 4:49pm I worked at Apple for 6 years as a genius. I would see this issue ALL OF THE TIME it should be on Apple to pay for the repair...I would have to argue with our managers all the time to give the cost because the devices were always out of warranty Reply · Like · Mark as Spam 8 More Comments Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Samsung's Note 7 Crisis Causes Chaos in Korean Exports, Dropping in Half in October | Main | China Warns Tech Companies at World Internet Conference in China that "Nothing outweighs National Security" » November 18, 2016 Apple Hires Wall Street Journal Reporter to become Apple's PR Director in China   A new report this morning notes that it isn't uncommon to see Apple hire from the media to staff its PR roster, and now the iPhone-maker has done so in Asia, too. Wei Gu, a long-time China reporter most recently with the Wall Street Journal, has joined Apple to take up a PR Director role based out of its office in Shanghai, China.   The TechCrunch report further noted that "Beijing-based Carolyn Wu leads Apple's media relations in China, and Wei will add significant experience to the team having spent more than 18 years in media, across both print and broadcast. That includes more than a decade as a columnist at Reuters in New York and Hong Kong, and close to four years at the Journal, where she wrote about business and markets as its Hong Kong-based China Wealth and Luxury Editor."   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.       Posted by Jack Purcher on November 18, 2016 at 06:37 AM in 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts The Touch Disease Class Action Lawsuit to Continue as the Lead Plaintiff Calls Apple's Latest Offer 'Pitiful' California Builder Creates Community Homes with Slick HomeKit Smart Home Packages Available Stephen Colbert Show Mocks Jony Ive and his new Design Book that Comes with the Latest Technology Called 'Touch Page' Apple Files for iOS 10 Trademarks in the UK and Hong Kong Covering iMessages Feature 'Tapback' and more The Patent behind the New Accurate GPS System in Apple Watch Series 2 Surfaces China Warns Tech Companies at World Internet Conference in China that "Nothing outweighs National Security" Apple Hires Wall Street Journal Reporter to become Apple's PR Director in China Samsung's Note 7 Crisis Causes Chaos in Korean Exports, Dropping in Half in October Apple Formally Acknowledges the iPhone 6 Plus 'Touch Disease' Issue and Offers Customers with this Problem Some Relief Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Applications Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
by Jason Snell & Dan Moren MENU About Advertise Archive Podcasts Membership Topics iOS 10 macOS Sierra Kindle Gift Guide Apple TV Apple Watch Podcasting Photos for Mac Reviews About Advertise Archive Membership Podcasts Topics iOS 10 macOS Sierra Kindle Gift Guide Apple TV Apple Watch Podcasting Photos for Mac Reviews This week's sponsor MailRoute - The experts at email security. Protect yourself from spam and viruses and get 10% off for life. By Dan Moren November 18, 2016 12:32 AM PT Apple syncs call logs via iCloud, but it’s more of an annoyance than security risk Kim Zetter, reporting for The Intercept, explains that Apple is backing up call logs for phone, FaceTime, and third-party apps using CallKit under iOS 10, as long as you have iCloud enabled: The logs surreptitiously uploaded to Apple contain a list of all calls made and received on an iOS device, complete with phone numbers, dates and times, and duration. They also include missed and bypassed calls. Elcomsoft said Apple retains the data in a user’s iCloud account for up to four months, providing a boon to law enforcement who may not be able to obtain the data either from the user’s phone, if it’s encrypted with an unbreakable passcode, or from the carrier. Although large carriers in the U.S. retain call logs for a year or more, this may not be the case with carrier outside the US. Okay, so, there are a few things going on here that have all got conflated into one story. Some of it is innocuous, some of it is a bit eyebrow-raising, and some of it falls into the inconvenience area. First up, Apple is syncing your calls between devices logged in with your Apple ID. In theory, this is no big deal: Apple says that the idea is if you’re logged in to your iPad and your iPhone, you can see the same call record in FaceTime on both of them. Miss a call on your iPhone? You can return it from your iPad. Makes perfect sense as a feature from Apple’s perspective. Second up, there’s no preference to activate or deactivate this service, nor is the user explicitly told that it’s happening. If you sign into iCloud, your call logs are being uploaded. Period. This definitely isn’t great, but it smacks of the kind of thing Apple does because it thinks it will be a convenience, not because it’s setting out to be malicious. (There was a time when Apple didn’t notify you when apps were accessing your microphone or your contact information either.) Thirdly, there’s the retention of this information for several months. Again, I suspect that’s part of the “feature” of your call history. Some are concerned that it gives law enforcement a way to get your call logs with a court order, but a) as The Intercept itself points out, in the U.S., four months of calls is far less information than your carrier generally retains1 and b) as long as that information is being retrieved with a legitimate court order, that’s the way these things should work.2 (The exception in this case being FaceTime/third-party calls, which probably aren’t logged anywhere else, except maybe on the servers of Apple/third parties.) Personally, I agree with the ACLU’s Chris Soghoian3: “It’s arguably not even the worst thing about iCloud,” [Soghoian] told The Intercept. “The fact that iCloud backs up what would otherwise be end-to-end encrypted iMessages is far worse in my mind. There are other ways the government can obtain [call logs]. But without the backup of iMessages, there may be no other way for them to get those messages.” There are definitely easier ways for the government to get your call log—at least for traditional phone calls—than via Apple. The same can’t be said for iMessage. (The Intercept does mention that Apple promised earlier this year it would be re-designing iCloud to make it more secure for customers’ data, but it seems like that project is still in the works.) The bigger issue here is that Apple has made a big stand on privacy and being protective of its users’ data, and so it’s a bit at odds with that stated purpose to retain this information without notifying its users. If I had to bet, I’d guess a subsequent version of iOS will prompts users to allow this data to be synced, and let them opt out via the Privacy controls. Last, but not least, there’s also a side issue of convenience, as exemplified by this anecdote: “It’s very irritating,” one user complained in a forum about the issue. “My wife and I both have iPhones, we are both on the same apple ID. When she gets a call my phone doesn’t ring but when she misses that call my phone shows a missed call icon on the phone app and when I go to the phone app it’s pretty clearly someone who wasn’t calling my phone. Any way to fix this so it stops?” To me this exemplifies another big flaw with Apple’s current system. Why are two people using the same Apple IDs? Probably because they want to have access to the same apps. Family Sharing clearly hasn’t solved this problem, so maybe it’s time for Apple to go back to the drawing board on both that, and the situation of having multiple Apple IDs. International carriers obviously may have different rules, and this may be more or less than in those cases.  ↩ If you want to get into the legality of the surveillance courts and whether or not they operate as intended, well I’ve got some bones to pick there as well, but that’s a different kettle of fish.  ↩ Hey, does that name sound familiar? It should! He’s the nephew of Sal Soghoian, former automation head at Apple, who we wrote a couple stories about this week already. What a coinky-dink!  ↩ [If you appreciate articles like this one, help us continue doing Six Colors (and get some fun benefits) by becoming a Six Colors subscriber.] [Dan Moren is a freelance writer, podcaster, and former Macworld editor. You can email him at dan@sixcolors.com or find him on Twitter at @dmoren.] Ads via the Deck Copyright © 2014-2016 The Incomparable Inc.   Sponsorship Info | RSS | Twitter | Search | My Account
News & Politics City Council Recaps Crime District 5 Supervisorial Election 2016 Business Business Profiles Real Estate Education Environment Health & Fitness Arts & Entertainment Sports Lifestyle Dining Delights Travel California U.S. World Community Millennial Mind Ethnic Culture Obituaries Sunday November 20th 2016 News & Politics Pasadena City Council Focuses Efforts on City’s Labor Policies Pasadena Health Dept. Starts CDC-Funded Anti-Menthol, Anti-Tobacco Products Campaign Pasadena Man Charged with Murder for 110 Freeway Crash City Council Recaps Crime District 5 Supervisorial Election 2016 Business Business Profile: Di-No Computers Wescom Credit Union Brings Financial Education to Southern Californians Business Profile: Creative World Art Center Business Profiles Real Estate Education High Point Academy Uses Recent Election as a Teaching Opportunity Farmscaping Takes Root Local Attorney and Teachers Aim to Bring Down Alleged Cheating Principal Environment How Green Is Your Valley? Governor Brown Signs Nation’s Toughest Super Pollutant Restrictions Into Law Governor Brown Signs Legislation to Support Communities Impacted by Climate Change Health & Fitness Targeting the Untapped Market of Wearables for Elder Care Community Health Alliance of Pasadena Continues Partnership With Foothill Transit What You Can Do to Prevent Breast Cancer Arts & Entertainment 39th ‘Occasional’ Pasadena Doo Dah Parade This Sunday Pink Floyd Tribute by Which One’s Pink Pasadena Independent Calendar: Nov. 10 – Nov. 16 Sports Women Coaches Scarce in Pasadena Girls’ Volleyball Major League Baseball Wonder John Paciorek Is a Local Sports Mentor La Salle Eliminated in Five-Set Heartbreaker Lifestyle A Cheesy Portal to a Mouthwatering Burrito DIY Divorce: Do or Don’t? Ruth’s Chris Steak House ‘Julio’s Passion’ Crowned Cocktail of the Year Dining Delights Travel California U.S. World Community How Green Is Your Valley? Join ‘The Great Day of Service’ – LA’s Largest Thanksgiving Service Event Got a Sick Animal but Can’t Afford the Vet Bill? Millennial Mind How to Land an Interview for Your Dream Job Ethnic Culture Distinctive Dining at The Huntington Is Inspired By Its Multi-Cultural Setting Obituaries Snotty Scotty Has Left the Building; Legendary Local Rocker Dies Iconic Track Photographer, Bill Mochon, Passes Away In Memoriam: George L. Mallory, M.D. Home » Business » Business Profile: Di-No Computers Business, Business Profile Business Profile: Di-No Computers By Emily G. Peters For those who dread a visit to the Genius Bar, there’s a welcome alternative for your Apple needs – and it’s been around nearly 40 years. Pasadena’s Di-No Computers has been answering the prayers of afflicted computer-owners since 1978. Despite what its name suggests, Di-No has nothing to do with the extinct species and everything to do with family, with its founder Sal Cordaro naming the business after his daughters, Diane and Noreen. Cordaro, a skilled musician, was known for his performances at local venues, and even produced no less than six albums featuring his mastery of the Hammond organ. But in the late seventies, it was his love of sharing technology that ultimately led him to establish Di-No Computers. Students taking advantage of one of Di-No’s free weekly training classes for budding Mac users. – Courtesy photo Though Cordaro passed away in 2012, his daughter Diane remains at the helm as president, alongside her husband and vice-president/COO, Larry Moon. Di-No is unique in that it was the first authorized Apple retailer in the area, sparking a legacy of excellence that has become its hallmark as a technical retailer and support center. “We recently achieved Apple’s Premium Service Provider status for the 10th year in a row,” said Larry Moon, who managed Porsche Audi dealerships for 20 years before joining Di-No in 1990. “We are also an Apple Premier Partner, which is the highest level an independent reseller can hold.” As a retailer and service provider, the shop offers the latest Apple products and accessories, as well as expert computer consulting, network configuration and design, Internet set-up, data recovery, system configuration and—to the relief of many—technical support and repair for computers that have suffered the agonizing damage of drops, crashes, surges and spills. Less hectic and warmer than your typical Apple retail experience, Di-No’s walls feature a mosaic of celebrity headshots, each with a special message of thanks made out to the crew at Di-No. Clients can drop in to receive assistance, or choose to set up a staff appointment to review their needs. Di-No staff, which includes Apple-certified technicians, not only undergo regular training and assessment but also offer ongoing training to the community. Their weekly educational classes take the guesswork out of operating Apple computers, introducing users to the Mac interface, apps, and programs with step-by-step instruction on how to get the most out of their devices. These small-group sessions are not only open to any experience level but are completely free to attend, held at the Di-No storefront on Tuesday afternoons. Unsurprisingly, it’s this relaxed, user-friendly, family atmosphere that has helped Di-No become a technological fixture in the community for so many years. “We provide a low-stress and fun atmosphere for our clients,” said Moon. “We strive towards superior sales and service assistance, and want each customer to have a positive experience.” And given its long history, it looks like Di-No delivers on that goal – making this shop a welcome haven for anyone in need of a little computing magic. Di-No Computers is located at 2817 East Foothill Blvd. in Pasadena. Get the scoop on their services, products and classes at www.di-no.com or call (626) 795-6674 and follow them via Facebook, Instagram, their Tumblr blog and Twitter @DiNoComputers. November 17, 2016 About Author Pasadena Independent Pasadena City Council Focuses Efforts on City’s Labor Policies 39th ‘Occasional’ Pasadena Doo Dah Parade This Sunday Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Recent News Distinctive Dining at The Huntington Is Inspi... November 18, 2016 A Cheesy Portal to a Mouthwatering Burrito November 18, 2016 High Point Academy Uses Recent Election as a ... November 18, 2016 Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 CategoriesCategories Select Category Arts & Entertainment Business    Business Profile    Real Estate Calendar Community Education Environment Ethnic Culture Featured Health & Fitness Lifestyle    Dining Delights Millennial Mind Monthly Highlight News    City Council    Crime    District 5 Supervisorial Election 2016 Obituaries Opinion    Columns       Dorothy’s Place       Social Whirl    Letters to the Editor Photo News Print Edition Sports Travel    Local    World ABOUT US – Who We Are – Our Team – Contact Us SocializeFacebookTwitterinstagram © 2016 Beacon Media News, Inc. Contact City Council Log In Searching
Log in Sign up Login with Facebook Login with Google Go Advanced News Reviews Phones Home News Blog Reviews Comments (81) Post your comment Apple finally acknowledges iPhone 6 Plus "touch disease" 18 November 2016 The 2014 generation of Apple phones had at least a few infamous issues attributed to their name. The one most probably remember is the so called "BendGate" - an issue even Apple itself sort of admitted to in the end. Fast forward two years to today and it turns out many iPhone 6 Plus and even some regular-sized 6 units are still plagued by another annoying issues, already found to be related to the aforementioned bendy frame. It also has a catchy name - "Touch Disease" and manifests itself with screen flickers and touch issues. Today Apple officially acknowledged the issues, though not necessarily its connection to "BendGate" and is now offering iPhone 6 Plus users half-price repairs at $149. It is also interesting to note that the US giant is still not admitting to any direct fault, as that would entail a design flaw. Instead, the OEM is rather passing it off more as an act of good faith, stressing that the problem only appears "after being dropped multiple times on a hard surface and then incurring further stress". What is actually happening underneath the surface is that bending the frame often leads to damage or unseating of an important touchscreen component. We also can't fail to mention that Apple did, indeed, silently reinforce the structural stability on later generations, so there are definitely at least two sides to the argument. Bottom line is that if you currently own a misbehaving iPhone 6 Plus, you can get it repaired at an Apple center for about as much a third-party shop would charge. Also, if you have paid full price for this repair in the past, Apple promises to refund your money. Source | Via Share Facebook Twitter © 2000-2016 GSMArena.com All brands | Privacy | Terms | Contact us Desktop version
Log in Sign up Login with Facebook Login with Google Go Advanced News Reviews Phones Home News Blog Reviews Comments (10) Post your comment Apple may be looking to add AR to iPhone's camera 17 November 2016 Apple is hip with new features - waterproof phone, dual camera and soon, perhaps, augmented reality for the upcoming iPhones. The difference between augmented reality (AR) and virtual reality (VR) is that AR adds to the world around you, while VR replaces it. Apple CEO Tim Cook has talked about AR and warned that it will take a while to get right, but the results will be profound. He believes AR is superior to VR as it can make people more productive while you interact with people around you rather than create a barrier (VR headsets tend to cut you off from the world). Cupertino has already acquired several AR companies and there are rumors swirling that its working on its own version of Google Glass. But now rumors are suggesting that the iPhone camera will have its own AR capabilities and that third-party apps can hook up to them. In 2015, Apple acquired Faceshift, the company that made the motion capture technology used in the new Star Wars movie. Faceshift tech can transfer facial movements to the face of a 3D model without any special preparation. This may also have its uses in facial recognition for security purposes. Apple also acquired PrimeSense in 2013 (maker of hand-held 3D sensors) and Metaio in 2015 (which partnered with Ferrari to give AR tours of new supercars). Source | Via Share Facebook Twitter © 2000-2016 GSMArena.com All brands | Privacy | Terms | Contact us Desktop version
Home Contact Advertise About RSS @PowerPage @JasonOGrady iPhones secretly storing call data in iCloud, allows later access for law enforcement (Updated) Posted by: Chris Barylick Date: Friday, November 18th, 2016, 05:43 Category: iOS, iPhone, privacy, security, Software Tweet This definitely qualifies as a mess between privacy, security and law enforcement. While Apple emerged as a guardian of privacy earlier this year, fighting the FBI’s demands to help crack San Bernadino shooter Syed Farouk’s iPhone, implementing improved encryption for all its handsets and refusing to undermine that encryption, it appears that private data is being sent to the iCloud without user consent. Russian digital forensics firm Elcomsoft has found that Apple’s mobile devices automatically send a user’s call history to the company’s servers if iCloud is enabled — but the data gets uploaded in many instances without user choice or notification. “You only need to have iCloud itself enabled” for the data to be sent, said Vladimir Katalov, CEO of Elcomsoft. The logs sent along to Apple apparently contain a list of all calls made and received on an iOS device, complete with phone numbers, dates and times, and duration. They also include missed and bypassed calls. Elcomsoft has stated that Apple retains the data in a user’s iCloud account for up to four months, which offers a window for law enforcement to obtain it if necessary. Although large carriers in the U.S. retain call logs for a year or more, this may not be the case with carrier outside the US. Other data is also sent to the iCloud, including FaceTime and regular call logs. The call logs appear to go back to at least iOS 8.2, which Apple released in March 2015. Following the release of iOS 10, incoming missed calls that are made through third-party VoIP applications like Skype, WhatsApp, and Viber, and that use Apple CallKit to make the calls, also get logged to the cloud according to a representative from Elcomsoft. Because Apple possesses the keys to unlock iCloud accounts, U.S. law enforcement agencies can obtain direct access to the logs with a court order. But they still need a tool to extract and parse it. Apple’s collection of call logs potentially puts sensitive information at the disposal of people other than law enforcement and other Elcomsoft customers. Anyone else who might be able to obtain the user’s iCloud credentials, like hackers, could potentially get at it too. In 2014, more than 100 celebrities fell victim to a phishing attack that allowed a hacker to obtain their iCloud credentials and steal nude photos of them from their iCloud accounts. The perpetrator reportedly used Elcomsoft’s software to harvest the celebrity photos once the accounts were unlocked. Apple has acknowledged that the call logs are being synced and said it’s intentional. “We offer call history syncing as a convenience to our customers so that they can return calls from any of their devices,” an Apple spokesperson said in an email. “Device data is encrypted with a user’s passcode, and access to iCloud data including backups requires the user’s Apple ID and password. Apple recommends all customers select strong passwords and use two-factor authentication.” The syncing of iCloud call logs would not be the first time Apple has been found collecting data secretly. As of now, Apple offers no clear way to either opt in or opt out of this arrangement, which makes it it that much more controversial. According to Apple’s recently updated white paper on the topic, the company backs up the following data to iCloud: Information about purchased music, movies, TV shows, apps, and books, but not the purchased content itself Photos and videos in Camera Roll Contacts, calendar events, reminders, and notes Device settings App data PDFs and books added to iBooks but not purchased Call history Home screen and app organization iMessage, text (SMS), and MMS messages Ringtones HomeKit data HealthKit data VisualVoicemail Stay tuned for additional details as they become available and please let us know what you think in the comments. Via The Intercept, iMore and Apple Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) More Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Related Recent Posts Some iPhone 6, iPhone 6s units experiencing random shutdowns in Chinese marketplace Rumor: Apple could see OLED supply constraint prior to inclusion in next-gen iPhone iFixit completes first Touch Bar-equipped 13-inch MacBook Pro teardown, finds interesting new changes in hardware Some newer MacBook Pro units arriving with System Integrity Protection feature disabled Google releases PhotoScan app, brings scanning-level features to photography app Logging In... Leave a Reply Cancel reply Search Recent Posts iPhones secretly storing call data in iCloud, allows later access for law enforcement (Updated) Some newer MacBook Pro units arriving with System Integrity Protection feature disabled Rumor: Apple could see OLED supply constraint prior to inclusion in next-gen iPhone iFixit completes first Touch Bar-equipped 13-inch MacBook Pro teardown, finds interesting new changes in hardware Google releases PhotoScan app, brings scanning-level features to photography app November 2016 M T W T F S S « Oct       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   « Previous Post Copyright © 1995- Jason D. O'Grady. All rights reserved. O'Grady's PowerPage is a No Beige Production. PowerPage.org | OGrady.com | Action Landscaping Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Review: Koogeek Smart Plug is a simple, inexpensive, WiFi HomeKit device to get started with Siri home automation Trending in Apple Comment: Given the ultra-low repairability of the new MacBook Pro, I’m getting AppleCare this time Trending in Apple Send in the Clones: If Apple doesn’t want to innovate the desktop Mac, it should let others Trending in Apple Hands-on impressions: 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple MacBook Pro Diary: I’ve come to terms with the fact that it’s the end of the line for upgradable MacBooks Trending in Apple Comment: Apple selling a $79 MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable is a step too far November 15 AAPL: 107.11 1.40 Video: Jony Ive discusses motivation behind new Apple design photo book, shows glimpses of Apple’s design studio/prototypes Benjamin Mayo - 5 days ago @bzamayo Apple View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Unexpectedly, Apple debuted a new design book earlier today featuring over 20 years of Apple products, from the 1998 iMac to the 2015 Apple Pencil. Entitled ‘Designed by Apple in California’, the book is being exclusively published and sold by Apple, featuring over 450 photos. In an exclusive interview with a Japanese design website, Jony Ive discusses the motivation behind making the book. He says the book highlights how ideas are unpredictable and the photos captures points in time of “incredible transitions and shocking change”. Ive says that designers live in the future and they are so consumed with what we haven’t done yet, the book is a rare celebration of past work. Watch the video below: The video is subtitled in Japanese but Ive talks in English so the video is easily watchable. As well as the narration about the book, the video includes rare glimpses of Apple’s secretive design studio. It shows designers creating prototypes and models, with MacBooks on racks, cases being spray painted in a vacuum and much more. It’s unusual for Apple to include such a comprehensive look inside this room but it’s a fascinating glimpse into how Apple designs and develops its devices. At one point, there is a shot of a table displaying a rack of seemingly-unfinished MacBook parts. Although it’s unlikely Apple will leak anything in this video, there is something visible that we can’t identify. If you have an idea for what the rectangular metal pieces are just slightly of focus in this photo, let us know in the comments below … Ive describes the studio as a workshop where people come together to focus solely on making the things Apple makes. The video shows case colors being tested, iPhone chassis being milled and much more. The photo book goes on sale tomorrow in two sizes: small and large for $199 and $299. [Update: Wallpaper.com also has an interview with Jony Ive promoting the new book, which includes this line: Many of the products that you see, we actually had to go out and purchase [laughs]. More shots from the book below.]   blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Review: Koogeek Smart Plug is a simple, inexpensive, WiFi HomeKit device to get started with Siri home automation Trending in Apple Comment: Given the ultra-low repairability of the new MacBook Pro, I’m getting AppleCare this time Trending in Apple Send in the Clones: If Apple doesn’t want to innovate the desktop Mac, it should let others Trending in Apple Hands-on impressions: 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple MacBook Pro Diary: I’ve come to terms with the fact that it’s the end of the line for upgradable MacBooks Trending in Apple Comment: Apple selling a $79 MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable is a step too far November 15 AAPL: 107.11 1.40 Nintendo’s Super Mario Run for iPhone and iPad now has a release date and price Zac Hall - 5 days ago @apollozac Nintendo Super Mario Run View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Nintendo’s upcoming Super Mario Run title for iPhone and iPad now has both a release date and a price tag. Apple brought Nintendo’s Shigeru Minamoto on stage earlier this year at the iPhone event in September to first unveil the upcoming game for iPhone and iPad — an iOS exclusive to start. At the time, we knew the game would launch in December and be free to try with an in-app purchase to fully buy. Now we have solid details for both price and release… The company officially announced today that the first official Mario game for iOS will be released on one month’s time on December 15th, and an in-app purchase of $9.99 will unlock the full game. Nintendo has experimented with unique apps for iOS before like Miitomo, but Super Mario Run will mark the first significant release on Apple’s platform. More games are expected to follow in the future. To hype the game (as if it needed any help), the App Store has held a spot for the game ahead of its release since September where users can sign up to be notified when it launches. Nintendo has also made an iOS 10 Messages sticker pack to promote the title. #SuperMarioRun lands Dec. 15. Can you hold in your wahoos ’til then? 😮 Only on the App Store, for iPhone & iPad. https://t.co/RUoFlEfsyP pic.twitter.com/QkwSYzKQBe — App Store (@AppStore) November 15, 2016 Full details below: Super Mario Run Launches for iPhone & iPad on Dec. 15 Select Game Content Available for Free; One-Time $9.99 Purchase Opens Full Game November 15, 2016 09:00 AM Eastern Standard Time KYOTO, Japan–The first-ever mobile game featuring the most iconic video game hero of all time goes on sale for iPhone and iPad on Dec. 15 in United States time zones. Super Mario Run can be downloaded from the App Store at no cost, and players can try elements of the game’s three modes for free. Once the game has been downloaded, a one-time payment of $9.99 (United States price) will grant unlimited access to each of the three modes in this release. “The wait is almost over for a Super Mario game that can be played on mobile devices,” said Doug Bowser, Nintendo of America’s Senior Vice President of Sales and Marketing. “Developed under the direction of Mario creator Shigeru Miyamoto, Super Mario Run brings a new take on the series’ beloved action-platforming gameplay to iPhone and iPad for the first time.” Super Mario Run is compatible with iPhone, iPad and iPod touch devices running iOS 8.0 or later. Starting on Dec. 15, the game will launch in 151 countries and regions. Super Mario Run supports English, Japanese, German, French, Spanish, Portuguese, Italian, Dutch, Russian and traditional Chinese language options. Super Mario Run is the first Super Mario Bros. game developed specifically for mobile devices. In the game, Mario runs forward on his own, but relies on the tap of a single finger to jump over obstacles, avoid enemies, pull off stylish moves, collect coins and reach the flagpole to complete courses. For more information about Super Mario Run or to pre-register for the game, visit https://supermariorun.com/en/index.html. About Nintendo: The worldwide pioneer in the creation of interactive entertainment, Nintendo Co., Ltd., of Kyoto, Japan, manufactures and markets hardware and software for its Wii U™ and Wii™ home consoles, and Nintendo 3DS™and Nintendo DS™ families of portable systems. Since 1983, when it launched the Nintendo Entertainment System™, Nintendo has sold more than 4.4 billion video games and more than 696 million hardware units globally, including the current-generation Wii U, Nintendo 3DS and Nintendo 3DS XL, as well as the Game Boy™, Game Boy Advance, Nintendo DS, Nintendo DSi™ and Nintendo DSi XL™, Super NES™, Nintendo 64™, Nintendo GameCube™ and Wii systems. It has also created industry icons that have become well-known, household names such as Mario™, Donkey Kong™, Metroid™, Zelda™ and Pokémon™. A wholly owned subsidiary, Nintendo of America Inc., based in Redmond, Wash., serves as headquarters for Nintendo’s operations in the Western Hemisphere. For more information about Nintendo, please visit the company’s website at http://www.nintendo.com. So the only question left is which one is Apple and which one is Nintendo when this game hits? Guides Nintendo View THe Guide Super Mario Run View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Review: Koogeek Smart Plug is a simple, inexpensive, WiFi HomeKit device to get started with Siri home automation Trending in Apple Comment: Given the ultra-low repairability of the new MacBook Pro, I’m getting AppleCare this time Trending in Apple Send in the Clones: If Apple doesn’t want to innovate the desktop Mac, it should let others Trending in Apple Hands-on impressions: 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple MacBook Pro Diary: I’ve come to terms with the fact that it’s the end of the line for upgradable MacBooks Trending in Apple Comment: Apple selling a $79 MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable is a step too far November 15 AAPL: 107.11 1.40 9to5Toys Last Call: Apple Watch Charging Dock $31, Amazon Network/Router Sale, MacBook Air/Pro 240GB SSD $135, more Justin Kahn - 5 days ago @justinkahnmusic Deals View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Keep up with the best gear and deals on the web by signing up for the 9to5Toys Newsletter. Also, be sure to check us out on: Twitter, RSS Feed, Facebook, Google+ and Safari push notifications. TODAY’S CAN’T MISS DEALS: Last Call Updates: DJI’s incredible new Inspire 2 drone takes flight at up to 67MPH and 16,000 feet LEGO Technic unveils new BMW Adventure Motorcycle in celebration of its 40th Anniversary Tablo brings its OTA DVR to Xbox One in hopes of attracting more cordcutters Get 75% off any one HD movie rental at Google Play, more Bowflex’s Adjustable SelectTech 552 Dumbbells (Pair): $250 shipped (Reg. $300+) eBay’s Early Holiday Sale – extra 20% off home and sporting goods Porter-Cable’s 52-piece Multi-Tool Set: $80 shipped (Reg. $150) Green Deals: Xiaomi Mini Self Balancing Electric Transporter $480 (Orig. $999), more Treat your kids to Magformers Magnetic Toys for Christmas and save up to 40% Beats Solo3 Wireless Headphones get unexpected $80 drop (Black): $220 shipped (Reg. $300) Apple Watch users will appreciate this aluminum dock + MFi charging puck for $31 Prime shipped Give your Wi-Fi a serious jolt w/ up to 50% off network gear at Amazon: AC Dual-Band Range Extender $37, much more Extend the life of your MacBook Air/Pro by upgrading its SSD, Transcend 240GB kits now $135 Supercharge your home’s Wi-Fi & enjoy foolproof Time Machine backups w/ Apple’s 2TB Time Capsule: $199 (Reg. $299) iTunes Gift Cards 15% off: $100 for $85 or $50 for $42.50 + up to 20% cards from Barnes & Noble, Cabela’s and many more Black Friday 2016: Best Buy Black Friday 2016: Apple Watch Series 1 $219, iPad Air 2 $275, iTunes GC, 49-inch 4K UHDTV w/ Chromecast $200, more Walmart’s Black Friday 2016 Ad: iPhone 7 + $250 GC, iPad Mini 2 32GB $199, 55-inch 4K UHDTV $298, much more Target Black Friday 2016: iPad Pro $150 off, iPhone 7 + $250 GC, Xbox One + $40 GC, iTunes, Beats headphones, much more Amazon launches its Black Friday Store with new deals every five minutes + gift guides to make shopping easier GameStop Black Friday Ad: PS4 bundle + extra game $250, Deus Ex Mankind $30, more HHGregg Black Friday 2016: Beats Tour2 Headphones $50, Apple Smart Keyboard for iPad Pro from $130, more Staples just posted its Black Friday 2016 Ad: Amazon Echo Dot $40, Chromecast $25, much more Newegg Black Friday 2016 Ad: LG 49-inch 4K Smart UHDTV $400, Chromecast $25, more Microsoft Black Friday 2016 Ad: Xbox One bundles $50 off + $25 GC, Xbox controllers from $40, Fitbit deals and more App Store Free App of the Week: Perchang just went free for the very first time (Reg. $2) Call of Duty iOS sale: Strike Team, Zombies & Black Ops Zombies down to $2 each The best messenger bags, cases and sleeves for the new MacBook Pro MORE NEW GEAR FROM TODAY: Seek’s Thermal Camera for iOS/Android helps find cold air leaks and more: Compact $170 or XR $200 Canon AiO AirPrint Laser Printer $149, Two Smart LED Lightbulb Speakers $20, more Amazon’s #1 best-selling 5.1-Ch. Home Theater System: $299 shipped (Reg. $400) The best selling Aukey 4.8A Dual Port USB Car Charger for $8 Prime shipped, more Nike’s 48-hour Flash Sale takes up to 50% off: shoes, Dri-FIT, workout gear and more Patagonia’s latest sale brings up to 50% off + 15% on top winter styles Games/Apps: Guitar Hero Live Bundle from $25, iOS freebies, more Office Supplies: 24-Pack of Sharpie Permanent Markers $9, more Amazon releases its Top 100 Print/Kindle Books of the Year MORE DEALS STILL LIVE: Amazon is discounting many Samsung SmartThings bundles down to all-time lows: Hub $50, Monitoring Kit $150, more Give your iPhone 7/Plus a new case: choose from a variety of colors and styles starting at $3 shipped Clickity-Clack! Snag savings on the mechanical DAS Keyboard 4 Pro for Mac: $140 (Reg. $175) TiVo’s Bolt 4K DVR Media Player: $159 (Reg. $200) AUKEY 20000mAh Power Bank $23 (Reg. $30) Amazon Star Wars LEGO sets on sale from $8 Garmin vívofit 2 tracker w/ HR bundle $70 (Reg. $90) Razor Electric Scooter from $110 shipped Suaoki 18 LED Collapsible Solar-Powered Light $15, more Breville’s Smart Fryer $100 shipped (Reg. $130) Crock-Pot Stainless Steel Slow Cooker $30 (Reg. $49) Nintendo’s $60 NES Classic Edition is now available 4 USB Charger and Power Strip $19 (Reg. $25), more iRobot Roomba Robo Vac: $274 (Orig. $400) Kryptonite’s Kryptolok Series-2 Bicycle U-Lock $29 Mr. Coffee 4-cup coffee makers $10 (Reg. up to $20) Sun Joe 40V Electric Snow Thrower $205 Michelin Stealth Ultra Windshield Wipers for $20 Dremel’s 4000-series Rotary Tool Kit is down to $69 OtterBox iPhone 7 Case $25 (Reg. $50), more BELLA’s 2-Slice Wide Slot Toaster in Stainless Steel: $18 Amazon Echo Dot Bundles: Logitech Remote $288, more Mpow Bluetooth Sports Headphones $15, more Logitech’s Harmony Ultimate One Universal Remote $150 ZyXEL 600Mbps Powerline Kit (2-pack) $35 18″ 20V Cordless Pole Hedge Trimmer $91, more Breville Toaster Mini Smart $120 + more Mohu Leaf 30 Antenna: $30 Prime shipped (Reg. $40) Up to 50% off Spigen Accessories on Amazon from $5 AmazonBasics Steak Knife Set $13 Prime shipped 6-pack Stainless Steel Solar Garden Lights $20, more Aukey Air Vent Magnetic Car Mount (2-pack) for $8 Here are your HD movie/TV deals Breville’s Juicer is down to $126 shipped Thermos Stainless Travel Tumbler $15 Prime shipped Gift Cards up to 20% off: CVS, and more Aukey 10400mAh Power Bank $15 (Reg. $20) Basketball smartphone-connected wristband $105 (Reg. $150) Digital Ultra-Thin Indoor HDTV Antenna $17 (Reg. $30) Moto G Play 16GB Android Smartphone $130 shipped Amazon has you covered w/up to 60% off Boots and Sweaters NEW PRODUCTS & MORE: Matrix Powerwatch uses thermal energy from your body to energize its internal battery The N64 Anthology dives into the history behind Nintendo’s iconic gaming console A sleek design & removable battery: Noordung’s new Angel Edition eBike Nikon’s latest DSLR focuses on consumer-friendly features and connectivity Leica introduces new lower-cost TL Mirrorless Camera with a luxury design and touchscreen Vespa is set to release an all-electric version of its iconic scooter in 2017 The Wrensilva Standard Hi-Fi Console screams Mad Men style with modern day connectivity Timex showcases new $149 iQ+ Move fitness tracker that’s designed for watch enthusiasts Guides Deals View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
The Indian Express Nation World Opinion Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Home Compare News Mobile & Tabs Gadgets Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Mobile & Tabs Apple looking to integrate Augmented Reality into iPhone camera app: Report Apple looking to integrate Augmented Reality into iPhone camera app: Report Apple's iPhone camera app could come with Augmented Reality integration, own pair of smart glasses By: Tech Desk | Published:November 18, 2016 6:36 pm Apple’s augmented reality mode could also allow for the app to recognise faces and add filters to it, just like Snapchat Apple’s iPhone camera app could come with Augmented Reality integration, reports BusinessInsider citing people familiar with the matter. The report says that Apple is relying on several teams acquired from various startups to pull this off, even as a Bloomberg report had highlighted that the Cupertino giant is working on its own pair of smart glasses. According to the Business Insider report, Apple iPhone users will be able to “point the phone at a real-world object and have it be recognized.” The augmented reality mode could also allow for the app to recognise faces and add filters to it, just like Snapchat. Apple acquired FaceShift a company that was working on such a technology in 2015. Other Apple acquisitions around AR are Metaio and Flyby Media, which are also working in the company’s camera group, says the report. In the company’s Q3 results for 2016, Apple CEO Tim Cook had said in his comments that they believe in the future of Augmented Reality and have invested in the technology. “AR can be huge, even if it doesn’t become a separate platform,” he had said at the time. A report in March in the Financial Times has said Apple also has a secret team working on both VR and AR prototypes of headsets. The report said the secret research unit consists of staff poached from other companies. Also read: Apple investing in Augmented Reality, confirms Tim Cook In another interview with ABC News, Tim Cook had said, “Virtual Reality and Augmented Reality are incredibly interesting but that AR is more present compared to VR.” The Apple CEO had said that while virtual reality has great potential in the fields of education and gaming, he was putting his money on augmented reality to grow big. A Bloomberg report said Apple is exploring the smart glasses business. The report notes, “Apple has talked about its glasses project with potential suppliers, according to people familiar with those discussions. The company has ordered small quantities of near-eye displays from one supplier for testing, the people said. Apple hasn’t ordered enough components so far to indicate imminent mass-production, one of the people added.” © The Indian Express Online Media Pvt Ltd Tags: Apple Express TechIE Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Gionee S6 Xiaomi Mi 5 Best of Express 26/11 Stories of Strength presented by The Indian Express, Facebook & Instagram IndiaIndore Patna Express derails: Worst train accident in years kills 121; fractured rail likely cause IndiaPM Modi attacks Mamata Banerjee: 'Those who looted poor's chit fund money are raising finger at me' IndiaIndore Patna Express derailed: Make train journeys safe, PM Modi tells railway officials IndiaMy religion is nobody else's business, says CJI T S Thakur BusinessCentre-state stalemate over GST jurisdiction continues EntertainmentRajinikanth's 2.0 first look launch: I am the villain and Akshay is the hero, says Rajini EntertainmentAamir Khan attends Geeta Phogat's wedding, says Dangal is her gift, see inside pics EntertainmentBigg Boss 10 evicted contestant Karan feels Bani is highly misunderstood EntertainmentRajinikanth’s 2.0 first look launch: Akshay Kumar is up for battle of the year Must Read SportsIndia late show undoes England's defiance in Vizag SportsPV Sindhu wins China Open Series SportsSindhu 3rd Indian to win China Open: Twitter reacts TechnologyApple iPhone 8 to Samsung Galaxy S8: Top smartphones rumoured to launch with bezel-less design TechnologyBeware: WhatsApp group video-calling invite is a scam! TechnologySamsung Galaxy J3 (2017) to launch soon, suggest leaked press renders LifestyleParineeti Chopra, Sonakshi Sinha, Katrina Kaif: Bollywood belles in rocking style for Coldplay's Mumbai concert Nov 20: Latest News After hat trick, no one better than Cristiano Ronaldo at Madrid derby Pawar attacks Modi govt over demonetisation, bullet train project Opposition to meet on demonetisation tomorrow, Congress issues whip Yeh Hai Mohabbatein 20th November 2016 full episode written update: Raman and Vidyut are friends and Vidyut helps Raman to meet Ishita. Koffee With Karan Season 5: Varun Dhawan and Arjun Kapoor’s gay act steals the Karan Johar show                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2016 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
International Business Times UK News LATEST NEWS UK Crime World Latest News Africa Asia Pacific Middle East The Americas Europe Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Politics LATEST NEWS Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music Culture Royalty Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Feature Reviews Analysis Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Log out Newsletter Signup Search Technology Smartphones Apple iPhone sends call logs to Apple servers even when iCloud backup is switched off claims Elcomsoft The company claims that the logs are stored for up to four months. By Agamoni Ghosh November 18, 2016 12:18 GMT iPhone users' data logs may be available with Apple for up to four months Getty Images Elcomsoft, a Russian digital forensics firm that produces iPhone cracking tools for governments and corporations, has claimed that iPhones send real-time call logs to Apple servers even when the iCloud backup is switched off, according to a report. "You only need to have iCloud itself enabled" for the data to be sent, says Vladimir Katalov, CEO of Elcomsoft. The company claims that the logs are stored for up to four months. Moreover, information relating to other features like FaceTime audio and video calls, as well as third-party VoIP apps such as WhatsApp and Viber can also be accessed as they are synced to iCloud in its latest OS, the iOS 10. Although Apple has not commented on the specific claims, it did issue a statement saying: "We offer call history syncing as a convenience to our customers so that they can return calls from any of their devices. Apple is deeply committed to safeguarding our customers' data. That's why we give our customers the ability to keep their data private. Device data is encrypted with a user's passcode, and access to iCloud data including backups requires the user's Apple ID and password. Apple recommends all customers select strong passwords and use two-factor authentication." In this regard, Katalov claims Apple may be open about allowing law enforcement agencies to access iCloud backups, but the company still doesn't disclose that it stores call logs when backups are not enabled. He claims the firm was able to extract information including detailed call duration going back more than four months from the iCloud backup. More from IBTimes UK Apple wants OLED panels for the 2017 iPhone but suppliers may not meet demand Apple removed more than 47,000 outdated apps from App Store in October Chinese consumer body urges Apple to investigate random shutdowns of iPhone 6 and 6s Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close EmDrive: What is it and how could it change the world? Columnists Philip Davies MP “International Men's Day: Some issues affect men more than women - why is that hard to accept? READ MORE IBT Media to host AI and Data Science in Capital Markets event AI and Data Science in Capital Markets event takes place on 1 and 2 March 2017 at the Barbican. Mark Zuckerberg explains how Facebook plans to tackle fake news amid growing backlash 'The bottom line is: we take misinformation seriously,' Zuckerberg said. Blizzard cancels Overwatch's graphic novel 'First Strike' Lead writer Michael Chu said the team decided to 'take the story in a different direction'. 3 million low-cost Android phones found with secret rootkit, vulnerable to remote hijack attacks This is the second time in the span of a week that security researchers have sounded an alarm about Android phones with... Video game news round-up: Legend of Zelda delay, Sombra arrives in Overwatch and Super Mario Run Your guide to the week's biggest video game news stories. Three Mobile confirms personal data of over 133,000 customers compromised in massive breach The company said no financial information was accessed in the breach. Trump's pick for CIA director views encryption 'a red flag' and wanted Snowden executed US Congressman Mike Pompeo has accepted the offer to head the CIA under Trump's presidency. Facebook authorises $6bn stock buyback amid fake news debacle The social media giant's accounting chief Jas Athwal will leave the firm after 9 years of service. US government 'deeply concerned' about Russia's decision to block access to LinkedIn The US says the decision could set 'a troubling precedent' to shut down any site containing Russian user data. Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 Breaking News Germany's Chancellor Angela Merkel announces intention to stand for fourth term About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
null
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today.com Sun logo Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health Mach Tech Science Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing Syria's Suffering Families ISIS Terror TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR College Game Plan Data Points Making a Difference Long Story Short 101 Show Me Flashback 30 Seconds to Know Debunker Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com Breakingnews.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement Tech Tech News Gadgets Internet Security Innovation Mobile Tech Nov 18 2016, 7:34 am ET Is Apple Moving iPhone Production to the U.S.? by Arjun Kharpal, CNBC Share Share Tweet Share Email Print Comment advertisement One key iPhone maker is considering moving production of the smartphone to the United States, according to the Nikkei Asian Review. "Apple asked both Foxconn and Pegatron, the two iPhone assemblers, in June to look into making iPhones in the U.S.," the Nikkei Asian Review reported, citing a source. "Foxconn complied, while Pegatron declined to formulate such a plan due to cost concerns." Apple declined to comment when contacted by CNBC. However, Apple has long said the barrier to moving iPhone production to the U.S. is expertise, in addition to cost. "Foxconn follows a strict company policy of not commenting on any matters related to current or potential customers, or any of their products," a company spokesperson told CNBC via email. Taiwan-based Foxconn and Pegatron assemble iPhones in China. The news comes following Donald Trump's victory in the presidential election. The Republican president-elect has been vocal about how U.S. companies should be building their products in America. "We're going to get Apple to build their damn computers and things in this country instead of in other countries," Trump said in a speech in January. Play Facebook Twitter Google Plus Embed Donald Trump: Boycott Apple until they help FBI access shooter's phone 1:52 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog <iframe src="http://www.nbcnews.com/widget/video-embed/627040323592" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> He also said that he would slap a 45 percent import tariff on Chinese goods. But Beijing has hit back: In an opinion piece published in a state-backed newspaper, the Chinese government warned that iPhone sales and other American goods could suffer if such a plan were to go through. "A batch of Boeing orders will be replaced by Airbus. U.S. auto and iPhone sales in China will suffer a setback, and U.S. soybean and maize imports will be halted. China can also limit the number of Chinese students studying in the U.S.," the Global Times article read. Manufacturing the iPhones abroad allows Apple to maintain a strong margin on its product. Apple is Foxconn's biggest customer but Chairman Terry Gou is worried about the rising production costs of such a move, the Nikkei reported, citing a source saying that costs will double. It's important to note that the discussions began in June, five months before Trump won the election. Analysts said it is still hard to quantify what such a move would mean for Apple's finances, but warned that there will be an impact. "If the world moves to a more nationalistic approach 'made in America, by Americans, for Americans' or 'made in China, by Chinese, for Chinese'... these variable conditions will likely impact margins, growth and suppliers exposed to the globalization trend of the last decade," wrote Neil Campling, head of global technology, media, and telecoms research at Northern Trust Capital Markets, in a note on Friday. "The same will likely make global tech a tougher place to invest in 2017," he said. Arjun Kharpal, CNBC Twitter Email Topics Tech News, U.S. news, World First Published Nov 18 2016, 7:34 am ET Next Story Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg Lays Out Plan to Combat Fake News advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2016 NBCnews.com
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple more Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan New York DA vs Apple encryption: 'We need new federal law to unlock 400 seized iPhones' The iPhone is the focus of new calls by a district attorney for federal legislation requiring warrant-friendly operating systems. By Liam Tung | November 18, 2016 -- 11:33 GMT (03:33 PST) | Topic: Security DA Cyrus Vance says New York has about 40 locked iPhones linked to murder investigations. Image: New York County District Attorney's Office New York County District Attorney Cyrus Vance has renewed a call for federal legislation requiring Apple to make iOS warrant-friendly. In a report released on Thursday at the launch of the Manhattan DA's new cyberlab, Vance revealed there are now over 400 locked iPhones sitting with New York County that could be used to investigate serious crimes if only Apple would or rather could help. The DA argues that law-enforcement agencies do not want a backdoor to Apple and Google products, but rather a return to pre-September 2014, when Apple's encryption didn't prevent them from carrying out a search warrant on an iPhone. In a speech at the launch, Vance said the report showed that requiring smartphone makers to retain the ability to extract data will not increase users' risks of being hacked. He said the report concluded that, "Doing nothing about this problem will perpetuate an untenable arms race between private industry and law enforcement, and that federal legislation is our only chance to lay these arms aside". Apple released iOS 8 in September 2014 with a new encryption method that prevented access to stored data unless the password was known. It triggered a drawn-out skirmish between Apple and US law enforcement that came to a head in February over the FBI's fight to have Apple unlock the San Bernardino shooter's iPhone 5c. Apple defied a court order demanding it build a special version of iOS to get around limits on brute-forcing iOS pass codes, arguing it would raise security risks for all iPhone users. The FBI eventually unlocked the device without Apple's help, despite earlier FBI claims that accessing the data was impossible without Apple's assistance. Vance's office says 10 percent of the locked iPhones in the DA's cyberlab are related to homicide or attempted-murder cases, and nine percent are related to sex crimes. While Vance has presented similar numbers previously, the call for federal legislation could be given a popular boost by president elect Donald Trump, who previously called for a boycott on Apple products when it refused to help the FBI. Vance said the Manhattan DA's office now needs its 2,200 square foot cyberlab to deal with the sheer volume of digital evidence. "Nearly every crime against Manhattan residents and institutions involving digital evidence will engage the resources and expertise of this lab," he said. "With a dedicated space for our prosecutors, investigators, and analysts to work together on fast-moving investigations, New York City is better equipped than ever to combat the rising tide of cybercrime and identity theft." READ MORE ON APPLE AND SECURITY Britain has passed the 'most extreme surveillance law ever passed in a democracy' Apple claims giving Australian banks negotiation rights will undermine customer security Apple releases 'important security update' for iPhone after spyware discovery Apple winning the enterprise security race, Samsung makes push Apple iPhone, iPad iOS 9 security flaw lets malicious apps sneak onto enterprise devices Apple deprecates QuickTime for Windows with two security holes unpatched: Trend Micro Apple goes server-side to fix Siri lock screen bypass security flaw TechRepublic: Research: Apple rated highest for security on mobile devices CNET: Apple says opening its Pay app to banks would 'fundamentally diminish' security Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Security Is encrypted e-mail a must in the Trump presidential era? Security Three mobile: Three arrested after data breach Security ​Google's request for map of Korea denied Windows 10 Windows 10 tip: Protect removable storage devices with BitLocker encryption × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Trending: Video: Our holiday gift guide 2016 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Video: New MacBook Pro show-and-tell Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. 7 reasons cloud migrations fail (free online course) What IT admins love/hate about 8 top network monitoring tools SharePoint 2013 cheat sheet IT users review 6 software test management tools More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Gamification Home Tech Location-Based Services Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) Business Process Management (BPM) CRM Collaboration Content/Document Management Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software Integration Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Consumerization of IT Personal Technology News Apple offers to repair iPhone 6 Plus devices with 'touch disease' The company says it will repair the phones for $149 By John Ribeiro | Follow Bangalore Correspondent, IDG News Service | Nov 18, 2016 3:44 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus Credit: Image credit: Macworld/Serenity Caldwell More like this 7 things we learned about iPhone 7 today iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus review: Bigger is in fact better (in the right... Hands on: 15-in. MacBook Pro delivers on speed and design – for a price Video Computerworld Holiday Gift Guide 2016: Wonderful Wearables Apple is offering to repair at a reduced price iPhone 6 Plus smartphones with display flickering or multitouch issues. The problem, described in August as “touch disease” by repair guide website iFixit, is characterized by a gray, flickering bar at the top of the display and an unresponsive touchscreen. The issue affects both the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus, according to iFixit. Apple appears to consider it a problem with the way users handled the phone rather than a defect. It said Thursday that the company has determined that the smartphones may exhibit display flickering or Multi-Touch issues “after being dropped multiple times on a hard surface and then incurring further stress on the device.” The company is offering to repair the problem for a service price of $149 if the phone is in working order, and the screen is not cracked or broken. The problem, however, runs deeper, according to iFixit. Merely replacing the touchscreen doesn’t fix the issue as the gray bar eventually shows up on the new screen, too, it said. It quotes repair experts as stating that the problem is with the two touchscreen controller chips, or Touch IC chips, on the logic board inside the phone, which convert touch information into inputs for the phone. On Thursday, iFixit said it had found that stress on the phone causes the chips to eventually lose connection with the motherboard, and pointed to "insufficient structural support around the logic board." It said it had seen the problem on phones that have never been dropped. A proposed class-action lawsuit on behalf of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus users was filed in August, alleging a design defect in the iPhone 6 series phones. Apple has offered to reimburse the cost difference to those iPhone 6 customers who have already repaired the phone earlier for the same issue either through Apple or through an authorized service provider. Those who have paid for a repair believed to be related to the issue but have not been contacted yet by Apple, are asked to get in touch with the company. To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Personal Technology Smartphones Apple iOS John Ribeiro covers outsourcing and general technology breaking news from India for the IDG News Service. 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Shop Tech Products at Amazon You Might Like Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. What Readers Like China builds world’s fastest supercomputer without U.S. chips China's Sunway TaihuLight theoretical peak performance is 124.5 petaflops. Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis This sortable chart lets you compare dozens of tools for functionality, skill level and more. Windows 10 Anniversary Update: A guide to the builds The Windows 10 Anniversary Update is due this summer -- but if you don’t want to wait, you can install... Popular Resources White Paper Accelerating Retail Activity White Paper Is Virtual Guarding the Future of Security? White Paper Leveraging Video Technology Beyond Loss Prevention in Retail White Paper Online Commerce: Plotting a Course to Personalization Case Study Sponsored Retail Execution Case Study: Carlsberg Go Top Stories Michael Flynn, Trump's NSA pick, is a cybersecurity hawk Michael Flynn, the man President-elect Donald Trump plans to name as U.S. national security advisor,... How lifelogging will become easy and automatic Before, only academic supergeeks tracked and recorded everything to achieve a photographic memory. But... Tech skills earning the highest cash premiums -- no certification required Some employers pay cash premiums to their tech professionals for specific hot skills and... The state of solar power looks bright in 2017 (+video) While solar and other forms of renewable energy still amount to a small percentage of all power... Sponsored Links INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Where do you stack up with your IT counterparts on cloud investment? Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 1994 - 2016 Computerworld, Inc. All rights reserved. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Answers IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »

null
Startup Launch! Best Industries Funding Incubators Business Plans Naming Home-Based Business The UPS StoreView Grow Strategy Operations Sales Marketing Customer Service Franchises Build Lead Company Culture Productivity Public Speaking Hiring HR/Benefits Women Entrepreneurs Rising Stars T-MobileView Innovate Creativity Invent Design Pivot Technology Cloud Computing Social Media Security Big Data Money Bootstrapping Crowdfunding Venture Capital Borrowing Business Models Personal Finance Inc. 5000 The 2016 US List The 2016 Europe List Apply Inc. 5000 US Apply Inc. 5000 Europe Special Reports Founders 40 Small Business Week The Inc. Life Icons of Entrepreneurship Hot Spots Spread the Wealth Vision 2020 Secrets of the Inspired Traveler Main Street Video Founders Forum Inspiration Chronicles World's Coolest Offices Lift Inc. Live How I Did It Drinks With… Idea Lab Playbook Productivity Playbook Tip Sheet Origin Stories Ask Marcus Lemonis Events Full Schedule Inc. Women's Summit Inc.5000 Conference & Gala Iconic GrowCo Conference NEWSLETTERS MAGAZINE PARTNER CONTENT Inc. BrandView Inc. Branded Content Inc. Franchise Launch! LAUNCH! PODCASTS SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISE INC. RADIO BUSINESS TOOLS Send Press Releases Plan for your business Secure Funding Get Published OTHER EDITIONS Inc. ASEAN SITEMAP PRIVACY AD CHOICE Search Newsletters Follow Subscribe Today's Must Reads Startup Inc. Events & Offers Inc. Partner Events & Offers Forgot Password? Enter your email to reset your password Or sign up using: New member? Sign up now. Sign in if you're already registered. TECHNOLOGY How a Serial Con Man Fooled Silicon Valley and Took an NFL Star's Millions A lawsuit by NFL linebacker Patrick Willis put Eren Niazi in the news, but his history of scams goes back much further. By Salvador Rodriguez Salvador Rodriguez is a staff reporter for the San Francisco bureau of Inc. He covers Apple, Google, Facebook, Twitter, tech diversity, virtual reality, and other aspects of technology and entrepreneurship. Previously, Rodriguez was the Silicon Valley correspondent for the International Business Times; before that, he was the lead tech blogger and gadget reviewer for the Los Angeles Times. Rodriguez has interned with The New York Times in Arizona, The Arizona Republic, and the Houston Chronicle. He was born in Mexico and raised in Texas, and he earned his journalism degrees at Arizona State University. One of his special skills is the ability to name all the Super Bowl winners chronologically from memory. @sal19 Staff reporter, Inc.@sal19 WRITE A COMMENT Patrick Willis, formerly of the San Francisco 49ers, and Eren Niazi. CREDIT: Courtesy Anonymous Advertisement You've probably never heard of Eren Niazi, but you've certainly heard of his friends. Anyone who has ever met Niazi has heard the stories about them. They include the two most important Steves in Silicon Valley: Apple co-founders Steve Jobs and Steve Wozniak. Jobs, the inventor of the iPhone, took the young Niazi under his wing and made time for him just one week before his death from cancer in 2011. Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg is also a friend; he invited Niazi to accompany him to the Nasdaq on the day he rang the opening bell to mark Facebook's IPO and was devastated when Niazi told him he couldn't be there. If you're a football fan, you also know of Niazi's business partner, Patrick Willis, the All-Pro linebacker who suddenly and shockingly left the San Francisco 49ers in 2015 to pursue a career in tech working alongside Niazi at his startup, Open Source Storage. Willis said working with Niazi at Open Source was a bigger honor than anything he had accomplished on the field. San Francisco 49er Patrick Willis during 2013's Super Bowl XLVII. CREDIT: Getty Images You've probably never heard of Niazi, but you know the companies he's helped build. He helped code the websites of companies like Facebook and eBay, and his company, Open Source Storage, counted as clients a who's who of tech companies, ranging from Yahoo to Sony to AOL. "I only like to take tough jobs," Niazi said in a promotional video from 2012. "The harder the job, the most demanding applications, the newest of innovation is what I've always been involved with, and that's what I love and have a passion for." These were stories Niazi told, anyway. Those who spent enough time around him often found they didn't check out, but not until too late. Niazi is a skinny man with black hair who typically wears thin, frameless glasses and flashy clothes. Niazi was known for his charismatic and engaging manner. He charmed the women around him and impressed the men he worked with. He could connect with anyone and gain their trust. It didn't hurt that Niazi often mentioned his family's vast fortune. With his flashy clothes, his shining jewelry, the huge checks he wrote, his roaring BMWs and Ferraris, and his imposing NFL sidekick, Niazi had the accessories to match the image he sought to project. He cut an unlikely figure, to be sure, but anything is possible in Silicon Valley. It's a land of meritocracy, those who work there always say, where the only thing that matters is your talent, not your pedigree. In this world, investors and executives don't care where you came from; they care only where you're going. They have money to spend, and they want to bet on the next big thing. The shorter the resume, the fresher the ideas might be. Who would question Niazi's bona fides? Who even cared? Most didn't. Not until September 29, when Niazi was arrested for shooting up a home he was living in, piercing multiple bullets through a football helmet worn in a Super Bowl and putting the life of a child in danger. That's when Willis, the owner of that helmet, began to question Niazi, the authenticity of his larger-than-life tales, and what the tech executive had done with his millions. Earlier this month, Inc. reported on a lawsuit filed in Santa Clara County Superior Court on Willis's behalf. The lawsuit accuses Niazi of fraud and breach of fiduciary duty. The suit seeks more than $2 million in disputed real estate and yet-to-be-determined monetary damages. A second, previously unreported lawsuit was filed by Willis farther south, in the Superior Court of San Benito County. The lawsuit raises the same allegations and seeks at least $1 million in disputed real estate damages. To more than a few people in Niazi's past, what he did to Willis was not as surprising as much as it was the culmination of a career, a career that was not spent coding and cutting business deals, but rather, conning, scamming, bilking, over-charging, shortchanging, and lying to those around him. At least two former business associates have gone to the FBI with information about Niazi, although the agency can neither confirm nor deny the existence of an investigation. These people knew Niazi was not what he made himself out to be, not remotely. But even they didn't know the full extent of what he was capable of. Now that they know, they are afraid. A number of sources Inc. approached for this story agreed to speak only on condition of anonymity or declined to speak altogether, citing the fear that Niazi would seek to retaliate after his release from jail, which took place Thursday. The idea that he would go after people he once called friends is all too plausible, says one such source. "He has no feeling for any of these people. There's no guilt or remorse there." Heir to the turtleneck The first time many in the tech industry heard the name Eren Niazi came in 2014 when The Street published a piece titled "Apple's Steve Jobs Would See Himself in Tech Pioneer Eren Niazi." The article told of an ambitious entrepreneur who had founded Open Source Storage in 2001, when he was in his mid-20s. The young company's customers ranged from Friendster to Facebook and NASA, the article claimed. With Facebook alone, "Open Source Storage's efforts for the social media giant fetched $5.5 billion in revenue for open-source storage and commodity hardware," the article said. It was a company on the fast track to success, but its run stalled as the Great Recession arrived, the article said. "Investors fought to control the enterprise, yet it went bankrupt. Niazi was out." But like Jobs, his mentor, Niazi did not give up on his company. In 2013, he relaunched Open Source Storage, and quickly, the second iteration of the firm picked up where the original had left off. "Since its re-entry last year, the Silicon Valley-based company has sold 50 million shares to private investors (with no valuation disclosed), launched 12 new product lines, and exceeded its revenue targets in six months," the article said. The story described a company with all the trappings of Silicon Valley success. It was exactly the kind of company that would spark the interest of an NFL superstar living in the tech capital of the world and nearing the end of his football career. Inseparable partners Willis and Niazi met each other sometime in late 2014, according to Willis's lawsuits and public accounts previously given by both individuals in the press. The two met by chance while both were living in Santana Row, a trendy shopping center and residential complex in San Jose. Whenever he met anyone, Niazi was quick to reel off his outsize accomplishments as a tech entrepreneur and scene-maker. To a football player with no experience in business or tech, those stories were intriguing. "Patrick was easy," the source said. "He was looking for someone to mentor him in business as he prepared to walk away from football." The two neighbors quickly became friends, and after just a few months of knowing each other, they also became business partners. From left: Gracie Gato, Patrick Willis, another Open Source Storage employee, and Eren Niazi. CREDIT: Courtesy Anonymous Willis joined the company in early 2015, within weeks of his retirement from football. During his decorated career with the San Francisco 49ers, Willis had racked up 950 tackles, been named the Defensive Rookie of the Year, and been selected to the Pro Bowl in seven of his eight seasons in the NFL. His highest accomplishment was helping lead the 49ers to a Super Bowl appearance. Yet all that paled next to the pride he felt upon joining Open Source Storage, Willis said in an interview in September with CNBC. Willis came in as an investor of Open Source Storage, a board member of the company, and its new executive vice president for partnerships. In his role, Willis was in charge of interviewing job candidates, Mashable reported. And as he had been by his teammates in football, Willis was well liked by his new colleagues. "Patrick is the greatest guy I've met," said Gracie Gato, an employee of Open Source Storage from March until May. "He's the sweetest guy in the world." Getting to know Willis, however, was not easy. Anytime Willis was in the office, Niazi kept the retired defender isolated from everyone else. When someone addressed Willis, Niazi and he would whisper in each other's ears before Niazi finally spoke for his business partner. Willis rarely left Niazi's sight. Where one went so did the other. The two friends and business partners even had matching white gold and blue-jeweled rings on their fingers. Niazi showed off his new friend to everyone he knew as avidly as he had retailed his anecdotes about Zuckerberg and Jobs -- albeit from a distance. "The way Eren treated Patrick was sort of like a pet. He would parade him around like 'Look at me, I'm with a celebrity,' " Gato said. "It was truly disgusting. It was disgusting. He exploited the hell out of Patrick." Eventually, word of Willis's joining Open Source Storage reached the tech press. On May 18, Mashable published a glowing profile of Willis and the company. The story went viral and dozens more articles were written about the football legend's second act in Silicon Valley. Just one day later, word of the story reached another, more serious entity: the Federal Bureau of Investigation. The whistleblower After being hired as an engineer in March and working at Open Source Storage for more than two months, Gato had become suspicious of her company. In all of that time, she had not written a single line of code. And Niazi treated everyone around her, with the exception of Willis, with an unpredictable temperament. He would hire and fire employees on a whim, several sources said, and he was just as likely to cut your salary as he was to give you a raise or promotion. Gato herself had experienced that erratic behavior. Shortly after being hired, she was promoted (with no raise in salary) to director of customer support, but she never did anything. There were no customers to support because there was no product to sell. Never mind the 12 product lines Niazi claimed in his interview with TheStreet. "He wasn't interested in making money or getting any type of sales whatsoever. It seemed like he was riding out whatever money he was on," Gato said. "It seemed like he just kept us on the payroll to look legit." Suspicious, Gato set up a conference call, asking a friend to ask her colleagues basic sales questions about Open Source Storage's services. She suspected Open Source Storage wasn't legit, but she needed to find out, Gato said. "When [my friend] asked them, 'What exactly do you guys do?' everybody was stuttering over themselves," Gato recalls. "That's when I found out this whole thing was a lie." As far as Gato could gather, Open Source Storage's only source of income appeared to be Willis's NFL fortune. Gato quit on May 6 and never cashed her final check. "I knew my paycheck came from Patrick. I refused to accept another dollar," Gato said. "I knew his fate, another broke NFL player -- I couldn't deal with that." While the rest of the world was excited to see how Willis would do in the tech industry, Gato grew worried for the NFL star. "Everything about Eren Niazi is fake," Gato wrote in a note sent to the FBI. "He is a Venture Capitalist [sic] worst nightmare. He defaults on debts, never pays them. He is now using a retired NFL player's money, and he has no product." Along with the FBI, she reached out to news outlets. No one heeded Gato's warnings. She gave up. For months, she stopped trying to warn people until November 4, the day she saw the Inc. report about Willis's lawsuit, at which point she took to Twitter to contact this reporter. Gato, however, was not the first person to contact the FBI about Niazi. In 2015, Glenn Carnahan had done the same. 'He could sell snow to an Eskimo' ​Carnahan is the chief financial officer at Ridgeline Entertainment, a TV production company based in Auburn, California. Carnahan, along with his business partner Doug Stanley, had come up with an idea to create a TV channel based right in Facebook's News Feed. As the two scouted for a development firm that could build out their vision, they were referred to Dodecahedron, a company owned by Niazi. As he did with everyone he met, Niazi quickly swept the pair off their feet. He told them about the supposedly pivotal role he'd played in Facebook's early days: Years earlier, before the company went public, Niazi had helped Mark Zuckerberg get the social network back online after his own engineers messed up its code, he said. Niazi also promised to introduce Carnahan and Stanley to Wozniak, the guy who created the first Apple computers. With all of his connections, Niazi struck them as just the right guy to build out Smackdab, the name they gave to their idea. "He could just sell snow to an Eskimo," said one source who worked for Niazi at one of his companies in the early 2010s. "He had a way with people of connecting with them and getting them to believe things." Ridgeline Entertainment entered into an agreement with Dodecahedron. Niazi's company would be responsible for putting together Smackdab, take care of the hosting, file pertinent patents, and deliver subsequent updates for the site. "There was flattery," Carnahan said. "We were a priority to him and that made us feel better and trust him." Dodecahedron delivered the site. In a promotional video from 2012, Stanley can be seen claiming his company hired "the chief architect of Facebook, Eren Niazi," to oversee its creation. "I've helped architect some of the world's largest websites, including Facebook, Shutterfly, eBay," Niazi says in the video. But after the release of the website, Niazi's firm failed to provide the promised updates, Carnahan said. As time passed, the relationship became strained. Ridgeline wanted its updates, and as Carnahan looked more closely into the matter, he started seeing red flags he'd missed earlier. One early sign was the hosting. Dodecahedron was charging Ridgeline $10,000 a month to host Smackdab, but after delving into the specifics, Carnahan found the hosting provider Niazi was using charged just $1,500 a month. More alarming was Niazi's handling of the patent filing. Rather than list Carnahan and Stanley as the applicants, Niazi put his own name down, a copy of the document dated July 2012 shows. Carnahan was able to catch and correct the filing after a meeting with the patent lawyer that did not involve Niazi. "He tried to make himself the owner of the intellectual property," Carnahan said. Niazi had kept himself at the center of information flow to mislead them and charge inflated prices, and he had written the contract in a loose enough way to justify his actions, Carnahan said. "He bled us in a very deliberate manner, and he managed it very well by shielding us from the people we should've been talking to," Carnahan said. "He preyed on our ignorance." All in all, Dodecahedron charged Ridgeline almost $700,000 for its services. "We overpaid Eren by $500,000. That's a lot of content that we could've developed with that," said Carnahan, noting that although Ridgeline continues to operate, it is a shell of what it could have been. "We could've done a lot." Carnahan wanted to sue, but Niazi had already wasted so much of their money that the partners chose not to squander their remaining resources on a distracting lawsuit. Instead, he put together a thick folder and went to the FBI's Sacramento office, Carnahan said. The FBI said it can neither confirm nor deny the existence of an investigation. However, many of the companies and people Niazi claims to have worked with deny any involvement. Facebook and eBay both said they have never been clients of Niazi or Open Source Storage. As to whether Niazi and Zuckerberg ever had the friendship Niazi claimed, a Facebook spokesperson did not respond to a request for comment. Wozniak, however, denies ever having met Niazi. "I do not know, nor know of, this person," he told Inc. via email. Family feud Another company Niazi claimed to have worked with is Yahoo. Niazi brought up Yahoo when he met with Swee and Ozkan Niazi, his aunt and uncle, one day in April 2007, according to court documents from 2009. At the time, Niazi was still running the original Open Source Storage. Niazi told his aunt and uncle of the "rapid growth" the company was experiencing but he said that it was "short of cash" as it sought to fill a "significant order from Yahoo." Niazi needed their help in the form of a $200,000 loan. Niazi promised Swee and Ozkan that he would quickly return them their money. The next day, Niazi stopped by his uncle's office to pick up the check. Weeks and then months passed without Ozkan and Swee getting any of their money back. Finally, on September 4, Niazi paid them a portion of their loan, a check for $30,000 listed as "loan-partial." Three weeks later, Ozkan contacted Niazi. Eren Niazi. CREDIT: Courtesy Anonymous "Hello Eren, were you able to get that line of credit?" asked Ozkan in an email. "I am MAXed out on my credit cards. I need the funds back ASAP." "Hello Uncle, I will call you tomorrow," responded Niazi later that day. "I am trying my best and do not have any credit lines available to me......" For more than two years, Ozkan haggled with Niazi seeking the remainder of the loan. In the meantime, Open Source Storage filed for bankruptcy. The company listed about $1.5 million in assets and nearly $6 million in liabilities, according to bankruptcy filings from 2007. Finally on December 7, 2009, Ozkan and Swee filed a formal lawsuit against Niazi. Emails included as evidence in that lawsuit showed that Open Source Storage never made a sale to Yahoo; the Sunnyvale company did take delivery of some OSS servers but returned them without making a purchase. Like Willis would years later, the couple sued their nephew for breach of contract and securities fraud. They sought damages of $170,000 plus interest and legal fees. At the trial, Niazi alleged that the transaction was a business deal between Ozkan and OSS, not a personal loan. Ozkan and Swee won their case and later won a challenge brought forth by Niazi. Collecting their money, though, was a different story. Reached by phone in November, Swee said she was not able to speak as she and her husband were still going through legal proceedings. This reporter asked if Niazi had yet to pay back the $200,000 he had borrowed from his relatives. Quickly, before hanging up, Swee said no. A trail of destruction The lawsuits from Willis accuse Niazi of misleading the football player into investing his money into companies registered in Nevada. The plan was for Willis and Niazi to grow their fortunes as co-investors, combining their assets. The lawsuits allege that while Willis upheld his part of the agreement, Niazi did not. Willis is now seeking full ownership of six properties that Niazi purchased throughout Santa Clara and San Benito via the Nevada companies. Some of the properties were purchased by companies that name both Willis and Niazi as partners. One of the properties -- a stately house in Hollister, worth more than $1 million, according to the county assessment -- was purchased through a Nevada business that lists Niazi as the sole member, one of the lawsuits alleges. "Niazi made that property his home, representing that he owned it and purchased it with his own money," the San Benito lawsuit claims. "Of course, he never paid Plaintiff anything in rent for the months he lived there." Aside from the $3 million in property disputes, Willis's lawyers said they do not yet have exact figures for the monetary damages they will be seeking. One of Willis's attorneys told Inc. they have hired forensic accountants to investigate but anticipate the damages sought at trial will be significant. One source who worked with Niazi in the past year said the amount may be between $13 and $14 million. Earlier this week, Niazi retained a new attorney, who addressed the football player's allegations against her client on Tuesday. "I'm bothered by the idea that there are people who are saying and speaking ill of some of his business dealings," said Katy Young, a partner at Ad Astra Law Group. Young met with Niazi for the first time on Tuesday and spoke with him for a number of hours. After the meeting, Young said that she reached out to the lawyers who are representing Willis. "Eren is interested in coming to an amicable resolution as possible," Young said. "He genuinely cares for Patrick Willis and certainly never meant to harm him. It's a delicate case because there is a friendship that hangs in the balance. Unclear whether they'll ever be able to rectify that." As to the claims made in Willis's lawsuit, Young said, "Mr. Willis's complaint is very general in its fraud allegation, and the rule regarding pleading fraud in a civil context is that fraud has to be pled with particularity. The plaintiff, Mr. Willis in this case, would have to articulate the who, what, when, why and how of the alleged defrauding that took place." Shooting spree Eren Niazi appears in court at San Benito County for his criminal case. CREDIT: Courtesy Anonymous The incident that resulted in Niazi's jailing took place at a house located 50 miles south of San Jose, in a tiny California town of 35,000 people called Hollister. It is a huge, eight-bedroom home with a brick driveway the length of a football field. The home sits on a vast, 16-acre lot. There is a large American flag that waves in front of the home's four-pillared entrance. The mansion is nicknamed the White House, and it is unlike any of the small homes that surround it. It's one of the properties under dispute in Willis's lawsuit, the one Niazi allegedly bought with Willis's money while listing himself as sole owner. Residing in the house with Niazi was a woman who has subsequently obtained an order of protection against him from San Benito Superior Court. (Another woman has also obtained such an order.) The woman's young child was with her in the house that night as well, according to a source who has spoken with her subsequently. That night, Niazi permitted a child "to suffer and to be inflicted with unjustifiable physical pain and mental suffering," according to the case brought against him on behalf of the state of California. He used a Smith and Wesson 10mm handgun, and he "willfully and unlawfully discharged a firearm in a grossly negligent manner which could result in injury and death to a person," the documents read. "He just freaked out," said the source who spoke with the woman who was in the house with Niazi that night. "He grabbed his gun and then started shooting holes in the wall like a commando up and down the hallways," adds the source, who visited the house following the shooting. The source noted the black scuffmarks and dark bullet holes on the walls that were left by Niazi and were still visible a few days after the shooting. Niazi took several shots at the walls and out of the windows of the home. He then went into a room in the home where Willis kept several bits of memorabilia from his eight-year NFL career. Among the articles was a 49ers helmet that the source said he believes is the same one worn by Willis during his Super Bowl XLVII appearance against the Baltimore Ravens in 2013. "He killed that helmet. There's several bullet holes in it," said the source. "It's not replaceable." Escape plan On Thursday, November 17, Niazi was released from jail after pleading no contest to gross and negligent use of a firearm and agreeing to post $50,000 in bail. The other charge against him, child endangerment with use of a firearm, was dismissed. Under the conditions of his release, Niazi must take medications for bipolar disorder and cannot possess a firearm. Thomas Worthington of the Worthington Law Centre, the attorney representing Niazi in his criminal case, said his client had had a mental breakdown. Earlier that night, Niazi had been taken to the hospital on a so-called 5150, an involuntary psychiatric hold. The shooting spree occurred only after Niazi was released, Worthington said. "I'm convinced from everything that I reviewed that he really had no intent to harm anyone whatsoever, on that particular day," said Worthington. "What he thought he was doing was protecting his family, and in my opinion, it was a product of his impaired mental functioning at the time," Worthington said. Worthington said he has objected to findings that Niazi is incompetent to stand trial. Niazi has the right to a jury trial, and that is what they have demanded, Worthington said. Niazi's sentencing is set for December 15, and felony probation has been granted, the lawyer said. "Going back further, these issues about investments and whether he intentionally cheated any investors -- from what I have learned about this man is that he is a good person. There is no record that he has ever been in trouble in his life in a criminal way," Worthington said. "I believe that as we continue to explore this we will learn that his mental condition contributed to the decisions he made and the actions that he took probably in all those years," Worthington said. "I do not think that he intentionally bilked people of money." Given Niazi's long history of manipulation and deceit, however, those around him are unwilling to write off all of his actions to factors beyond his control. "He got found out, and he didn't have a way out," said a former colleague who has known Niazi for close to a decade. "The escape plan was to go nuts. But he's not nuts. He's a very smart man." Published on: Nov 18, 2016 Advertisement
News Election 2016 Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news US election Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Lifestyle Tech Hour of Code: Apple stores to host coding workshops Anyone can do it - promise David Phelan Friday 18 November 2016 12:20 BST Click to follow The Independent Tech Tim Cook chats with some young coders Anyone can code, No, really. That’s something that companies like Apple, Microsoft and others believe and they are encouraging people to get involved. Some countries, UK included, have coding in the educational curriculum. And there’s the Hour of Code, a global movement from code.org which, the site says, “started as a one-hour intro to computer science, designed to demystify code and to show that anyone can learn the basics - to encourage more people into the field of computer science”. The Hour of Code takes place each year in early December, this year 5-11 December. It’s being described as the largest learning event in history. If you’re tempted to join, one way to do it is in the Apple Store. The company is holding workshops in all of its stores around the world (there are 487 of them). There's a big push to familiarise children with code In the UK, where the Swift Playgrounds app is available, these workshops will include an introduction to the app. If you haven’t come across it, Swift is a coding language created by Apple but as an open-source language to encourage people to code on different platforms. Swift Playgrounds is a free app designed to get children, and adults, frankly, to think like developers and start coding from a very elementary level. It’s a visual and painstaking way to learn how to code and quickly becomes quite addictive to use. So far there are two sets of lessons in the app, but more content is being released including a third set of lessons and an accompanying teacher guide. A new Hour of Code challenge is also being added which is designed to encourage anyone to set up their own one-hour coding event. Once you’ve used Swift Playgrounds, and when you feel confident enough, it encourages you to create your own app. So, now you just need that irresistible idea. More about: Apple coding computing Tim Cook Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
The Indian Express Nation World Opinion Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Home Compare News Mobile & Tabs Gadgets Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Tech News Chinese makers lead smartphone growth: Survey Chinese makers lead smartphone growth: Survey Chinese vendors- Huawei, Oppo and BBK Communication Equipment, together accounted for 21 percent of smartphones sold worldwide By: AFP | Washington | Published:November 18, 2016 5:56 pm Sales of smartphones in China grew by 12.4 percent, said Gartner. Chinese manufacturers are driving growth in the smartphone market as sector leaders Samsung and Apple sputter, a survey showed today. The survey by Gartner Inc. showed that in the third quarter, three Chinese vendors — Huawei, Oppo and BBK Communication Equipment — together accounted for 21 percent of the smartphones sold worldwide, and were the only vendors in the top five to increase sales. “Sales of smartphones in China grew by 12.4 percent, and the vendors who most successfully exploited the sales opportunities there were Oppo and BBK,” said Gartner analyst Anshul Gupta. “In Oppo’s case, 81 percent of its smartphone sales came from China, while BBK accounted for 89 percent of smartphones sales in China. These two vendors also grew strongly in India, Indonesia, Malaysia, Thailand and Russia.” Gartner’s survey confirmed other reports showing Samsung and Apple at the top of the global market but with slipping sales. The research firm said Samsung’s market share dropped to 19.2 percent amid the fiasco over its Galaxy Note 7 smartphones, which were recalled and then halted after overheating batteries leading to fires. “The decision to withdraw the Galaxy Note 7 was correct, but the damage to Samsung’s brand will make it harder for the company to increase its smartphone sales in the short term,” said Gupta. “For Samsung, it’s crucial that the Galaxy S8 launches successfully, so that partners and customers regain trust in its brand.” Apple’s share dropped to 11.5 percent as the iPhone maker failed to get much benefit from Samsung’s woes, Gartner said. “The withdrawal of Samsung’s Galaxy Note 7 may benefit sales of Apple’s iPhone 7 Plus only slightly, as Note 7 users are likely to stay with Samsung or at least with Android,” said Gartner’s Roberta Cozza. Read: Google Pixel phone resellers have been banned from their Google accounts “To some extent, other Android vendors could capitalize on this situation in the short term — for example, Huawei and other Chinese brands present in the premium Android phone segment.” Cozza said the Samsung problems could also benefit Google, which recently introduced its Pixel and Pixel XL devices. Gartner said overall smartphone sales in the quarter rose 5.4 percent to 373 million units. Tags: Huawei Oppo Express TechIE Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Gionee S6 Xiaomi Mi 5 Best of Express 26/11 Stories of Strength presented by The Indian Express, Facebook & Instagram IndiaIndore Patna Express derails: Worst train accident in years kills 121; fractured rail likely cause IndiaPM Modi attacks Mamata Banerjee: 'Those who looted poor's chit fund money are raising finger at me' IndiaIndore Patna Express derailed: Make train journeys safe, PM Modi tells railway officials IndiaMy religion is nobody else's business, says CJI T S Thakur BusinessCentre-state stalemate over GST jurisdiction continues EntertainmentRajinikanth's 2.0 first look launch: I am the villain and Akshay is the hero, says Rajini EntertainmentAamir Khan attends Geeta Phogat's wedding, says Dangal is her gift, see inside pics EntertainmentBigg Boss 10 evicted contestant Karan feels Bani is highly misunderstood EntertainmentRajinikanth’s 2.0 first look launch: Akshay Kumar is up for battle of the year Must Read SportsIndia late show undoes England's defiance in Vizag SportsPV Sindhu wins China Open Series SportsSindhu 3rd Indian to win China Open: Twitter reacts TechnologyApple iPhone 8 to Samsung Galaxy S8: Top smartphones rumoured to launch with bezel-less design TechnologyBeware: WhatsApp group video-calling invite is a scam! TechnologySamsung Galaxy J3 (2017) to launch soon, suggest leaked press renders LifestyleParineeti Chopra, Sonakshi Sinha, Katrina Kaif: Bollywood belles in rocking style for Coldplay's Mumbai concert Nov 20: Latest News After hat trick, no one better than Cristiano Ronaldo at Madrid derby Pawar attacks Modi govt over demonetisation, bullet train project Opposition to meet on demonetisation tomorrow, Congress issues whip Yeh Hai Mohabbatein 20th November 2016 full episode written update: Raman and Vidyut are friends and Vidyut helps Raman to meet Ishita. Koffee With Karan Season 5: Varun Dhawan and Arjun Kapoor’s gay act steals the Karan Johar show                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2016 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Home Primetime Movies USA News UK News Latest News Most Read News (Today) Most Read (30days) Mobile Show Menu ~Home News Top Stories General Breaking News Crime/Legal Hausa Business Finance Showtime Nollywood Music Videos Celebrities AMAA Music Artists Politics Government Sports Soccer Odd World USA News Canada News UK News International Photos Video Movies Gossips Popular Links: Buhari Football EFCC Boko Haram Trending Nigerian Names Politics Home | Showtime | Celebrities | Mr. Eazi Meets Julie Adenuga On Apple Beats 1 Radio; Speaks On International Collabo’s And Life VIDEO: Yung6ix – Let Me Know Ft. Davido Theory – On A Low ft. Vector (Prod By Del B) Mr. Eazi Meets Julie Adenuga On Apple Beats 1 Radio; Speaks On International Collabo’s And Life Mathew Braide 18/11/2016 05:30:00 4 0 View Comments Nigerian-Ghanaian based Afrobeat singer Oluwatosin Oluwole Ajibade, known professionally as Mr Eazi, has blessed music lovers this year with raving songs. The Skin Tight singer recently met with Julie Adenuga on Apple Beats 1 radio as he talks big regarding his music career, his collaboration with Eugy and also intended international collabos the likes of Giggs and Rudimental. When asked about his collaboration with Eugy on the hit track Dance For Me, Eazi said Eugy had been trying to reach out to him for a while; “Eugy had been trying to reach out to me for a long time and then he came via Juls, Juls has produced a lot of my work. Once the recommendation came from Juls of course, I just had to work on the record… I came to London for the first time in March and we recorded ‘Dance For Me’. We just put it out and it’s been crazy. It’s so funny, sometimes I go to some places and they call me Eugy” Speaking on where he hails from, here’s his response; “I was born in ’91, Friday ’91, July 19 in Port Harcourt, Nigeria – a rainy Friday night my mum tells me. In a military hospital. I stayed in Nigeria – I moved from Port Harcourt to Lagos until like end of high school and then my mum ‘shipped’ me over to Ghana. I wanted to school in Canada to study Aeronautical Engineering, I didn’t know my mum and my sister and the rest of the family were low-key working on getting me admission to Ghana… the fees for Canada was like $16,000 while the fees for Ghana was like $5,900. My dad just – he didn’t want to say that he didn’t want to spend more money – so he was just like “Your mum thinks Ghana is close and there’s family there, just go to Ghana. Next thing I know I’m in Kumasi!” Mr. Eazi also speaks on his attitude to life; “I feel like in life… I just follow the vibe, I just move like a nomad and I feel like everything will make sense at the end of the day,” he says. As usual, growth in the music industry means bagging more international collabos and the Rotate crooner is not being left behind; “I’ve been working with Rudimental, Anne-Marie, a great guy called Riton as well. Today I will be meeting Giggs.  I was really shy the first time with Rudimental… I go on YouTube and the first thing I see is some record with Ed Sheeran and then I’m like, “Oh My God” so when I got to the studio I couldn’t even play my stuff… but the vibe was chill, they ordered food so once I ate I just calmed down.” Were all anxious to know Mr. Eazi’s next move. Is he granting us an album, an EP or steady hit tracks as usual?. Here’s his response; “Eazi reveals he will be dropping a remix of ‘Skin tight’ with Wizkid before he has his mixtape out. He talked about getting a lot of DMs on Instagram from A-list artistes who expressed their love for his music and asked if they could jump on a remix of the ‘Skin tight’ hit song, but decided to settle for Wizkid.” That’s it from Mr. Eazi, we should be expecting a mixtape and Skin Tight remix featuring his boss, Wizkid. Rate this article 0 CLICK HERE TO READ MORE FROM: Celebrities view more articles About Article Author Webby View More Articles Related Articles Ondo Election: Buhari Accused Of Arresting Judgement PDP BoT Member Reveals: Read Why Buhari;s Anti Corruption War Will Fail Cossy Orjiakor Finally Speak out: I Wasn?t Detained In The US Because Of My Breasts Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Latest Nigeria News 6 Guaranteed Politicians Tinubu Would Rely On As APC Crisis Thickens Borno State Commissioner Dies In Maiduguri 2 New Senators Take Oath Of Office Famous American Singer Shares His Touching Experience With A Kenyan Beggar Renewed Hostilities: Niger Deltans Say No To Avengers Imo Governor Okorocha Gifts Wife With New State Appointment I Can?t Predict When Recession Will End Says Finance minister NYSC: Corps Member Slumps, Dies After Party With Colleagues Properties Worth N1.5bn Traced To Goodluck Jonathan?s Aide Buhari Spent 6million On Ear InfectionTtreatment In The UK President Buhari Has Lost His Memory Says Fani-Kayode Boko Haram Releases New Video, Threaten To Capture Buhari Emir Sanusi Buys new N132m Rolls Royce For Sallah Dear Avengers, You Are Worse Than Boko Haram, Your Religion Has Condemned You Gunmen Abduct Catholic Priest In Delta Breaking: Cultists On Rampage,15 Feared Dead In Rivers TOUCHING! Meet The 'Okada Man' Who Has No Fingers On His Hands (Photos) SAD!Pregnant Woman Dies, Daughter Husband Injured In Car Crash Fatal Accident Along Benin Highway Leaves 20 Dead (Photos) Ghastly Accident At Ikeja-Along This Morning (Photo) SAD! Naked Corpses Of Rape Victims Dumped In Ikorodu, Lagos (Graphic Photos) Top 5 Deadliest Bank Robberies Across Nigeria In 2015 (Photos) Notorious Armed Robbers Police Arrested In Port Harcourt (Photo) SAD: Vehicle Crushes 4 Year Old Girl In Mother’s Shop In Lagos Cult Members Kill 2 Traders Over Toll Ooni of Ife’s Coronation Ceremony Begins (Photos) Prostitution In Nigeria: 3500 Male Sex Workers Discovered In Abuja Deplorable State Of Nigerians Deported From The UK Murtala Muhammed’s Uncle, Magajin Garin Kano, Dies At 98 Funny! Driver Fakes Own Death To Evade Fine In Calabar (Photo) Little Girl, Kehinde Adebiyi Suffering From Cancer Needs Your Help Port Harcourt As Residents Dig Up Frozen Chicken Buried By Custom Officials Wickedness! New-Born Baby Found In A Bush In Ilorin (Graphic Photos) Police Shoots Bus Driver Dead At FESTAC/Mile 2 Road, Lagos (Video) I Have Forgiven My Critics - Ooni Of Ife-Elect, Adeyeye Ogunwusi Student Shot Dead By Alleged Cultists At Imo State University Yesterday Woman Gives Birth To A 'Mystery Baby' In Lagos (Photos) Touching! One Legged Man Washing A Car While Balancing On A Stick (Video) OMG! See The Long Snake Found In A Nigerian Student's Locker (Photos) Military Pilot Who Died In Yola Plane Crash Buried (Photos) Trending Stories Lady Mandy: Popular Gay Nigerian Surfaces As Transgender 0 Four Nigerian Men Convicted Of Engaging In Homos3xual Activities Whipped Publicly 0 Polls show Nigerians support anti same-sex Bill 0 British PM David Cameron to persuade Jonathan to give equal rights to gays and lesbians 0 Britain may suspend aid to Nigeria over Gay bill 0 show all articles Top Stories Borno State Commissioner Dies In Maiduguri 0 2 New Senators Take Oath Of Office 0 Famous American Singer Shares His Touching Experience With A Kenyan Beggar 0 Renewed Hostilities: Niger Deltans Say No To Avengers 0 Imo Governor Okorocha Gifts Wife With New State Appointment 0 I Can?t Predict When Recession Will End Says Finance minister 0 NYSC: Corps Member Slumps, Dies After Party With Colleagues 0 Properties Worth N1.5bn Traced To Goodluck Jonathan?s Aide 0 Buhari Spent 6million On Ear InfectionTtreatment In The UK 0 President Buhari Has Lost His Memory Says Fani-Kayode 0 Boko Haram Releases New Video, Threaten To Capture Buhari 0 Emir Sanusi Buys new N132m Rolls Royce For Sallah 0 Dear Avengers, You Are Worse Than Boko Haram, Your Religion Has Condemned You 0 Gunmen Abduct Catholic Priest In Delta 0 show all articles More from Celebrities JuniwhiZz – AdapT K-solo – Meji ft Helen Paul Nakamura – Thankful ft Mr Eazi PHOTOS: Dangote Pays Visit To Psquare’s New Multi-million Naira Crib Harrysong Spits Bitter Truth About His Split From Five Star Music show all articles Popular Articles Nood Photos of 24-year-old Ukrainian Girl Appointed Minister Floods the Internet BREAKING: Dasuki dies in Abuja "Boko Haram Can’t Exist If I Were President" – Atiku Abubakar Fight Breaks Out During Distribution Of Relief Materials To Refugees In Abuja IDP Camp Militancy: NDRPP assures on recovery of arms, end to illegal oil bunkering Recommended Ondo Election: Buhari Accused Of Arresting Judgement PDP BoT Member Reveals: Read Why Buhari;s Anti Corruption War Will Fail President Buhari Inaugurates Boards Of NNPC, NCDMB And NNRA LifeStyle Articles 10 Top Secrets To A Successful Life Her Parents Banned Them From Being Together 65 Years Ago, Now They Are Finally Getting Married How Long Should You Wait Before Having S3x In A New Relationship? 9 Nigerian Confessions About Relationships That Will Blow Your Mind Fast Rising Actress Reveals: Married Men Ask Me For S3x How To Know If You Are A Member Of A Cult? Why Nigerian Ladies Die For Men With Big P3nis Read Shocking Reasons Why Woman Marry Her Boyfriend Who Infected Her Wit HIV Economic S3x: 1 Important Thing To Remember Apply Perfume On This Body Part if You Want It To Last All Day Most Read Articles Cristiano Ronaldo sends strong warning to Messi by scoring a hat-trick – Cristiano Ronaldo scored a hat-trick as Real Madrid defeated Atletico Madrid 3-0 on Saturday, November 19, 2016 in an explosive duel – The victory sends NASA cameras capture huge blue spherical object A huge blue sphere was picked up by cameras on the STEREO HI1 satellite UFO hunter Pamela Johnson claims the Sun started reacting to the objectThere Nigeria crash out of the World Cup despite win over Spain Despite a superb comeback by the Falconets to defeat Spain 2 – 1 in their last group game of the ongoing FIFA u20 Womens World Rescuers battle for four hours to pull a six-year-old boy alive from the rubble of a building devastated in an air strike on Aleppo which killed his mother  Volunteer first responders desperately dug through the rubbleBoy was pulled out alive but twenty others died on ThursdayThe strikes were part of a major Syrian Amazing: Governor Fayose bags Igbo chieftaincy title, his reaction was epic (photos) Governor Ayodele Fayose of Ekiti state has been conferred with an Igbo chieftaincy title, NAIJ.com has gathered. The radical and outspoken governor was conferred the Nwannedinamba Ndigbo show all articles Latest Comments Latest Photo Galleries Godwin Obaseki Sworn In As Edo Governor (Photos) Godwin Obaseki has been sworn in as Edo state governor in a colour ceremony attended by people from all walks of life See photos:         View gallery 9 Photos Leak Photos: Lagos Pornstar Releases Eye Popping Photos And Video With His N@ked Girls Popular Nigerian porn film actor producer identified only as King T.blak who is the founder and CEO of H.O.C Lifestyle, has taken to his social View gallery 9 Photos World News FC Platinum massacre Bosso 0 Wales University NOT for Aspiring Zimbabwean Students 0 Security guards cash in on desperate sex vendors 0 show all articles Popular Articles Royal Navy's Andrew Thompson who 'hounded' pilot Hannah Leask is sacked 0 Mel B dazzles in a billowing navy kaftan as she throws gleeful daughter Madison in the air on fun family day out 0 What a disgrace! Elderly man with a walking stick is left to stand on a packed train as not a single commuter offers him a seat 0 show all articles Latest News This Little Boy Was Found Wandering On The Streets Of Lagos After Mid Night. Photos 0 Gunmen Abduct Ex-minister In Front Of President Buhari Nephew’s House 0 Adams Oshiomhole And His Pretty Wife Iara Hosted To A Grand Reception In Auchi. Photos 0 show all articles © 2009 - Copyright Onlinenigeria.com. All Rights reserved.
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Apple Reportedly Exploring The Idea Of Making iPhones In The US By Tyler Lee on 11/18/2016 04:14 PST Given that Donald Trump is pretty much going to be the next President of the United States, we can expect changes to be made as per his promises during the campaign. One of those changes is that Trump plans to bring back jobs to the US by making sure that American companies manufacture their products stateside. As it stands it is cheaper to manufacture in countries such as China, and Apple is one of those companies who has used this to their advantage. However like we said, Trump winning the presidential race means that things will change, which is why it is not surprising to learn that Apple could be exploring the idea of bringing back manufacturing stateside. This is according to a report from Nikkei in which they claim that Apple has spoken to their manufacturers about the possibility of setting up shop in the US. Foxconn is apparently on board with the idea, while Pegatron seems to be deadset against it. Given that Apple accounts for more than 50% of Foxconn’s sales, we guess the company doesn’t really have much of a choice. Now as to whether or not Apple actually decides to go through with their plan remains to be seen. It could simply be that Apple is preparing themselves for the possibility that they might have to start manufacturing more of their products stateside and that they are seeing what their options are. There is no guarantee that will happen, although we can only imagine that prices of Apple’s products will be going through the roof were that to happen. Filed in Apple >Cellphones >Rumors. Read more about iPhone. Related Articles 2016-11-18 iPhone With 5.8-inch Display Will Have 5.1-5.2-inch Active Area 2016-11-17 2017’s iPhone Dual Lens Could Get Image Stabilization Upgrade 2016-11-17 Apple Launches Multi-Touch Repair Program For The iPhone 6 Plus 2016-11-17 Security Firm Says iPhones Send Call History To Apple 2016-11-17 Apple Looking Into Monitoring Parkinson’s Disease With Apple Watch Thief Steals Galaxy Note 7, It Ends Up Exploding Snapchat Introduces New AR ‘World Lenses’ Feature The Sega Genesis Will Be Going Back Into Production AT&T DirecTV Now Streaming Service Might Offer Free Apple TVs New HTC Bolt Rendering Leaked In Black Uncourage Keychain Helps Prevent Losing The iPhone 7’s 3.5mm Adapter User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /Laptops Laptops Touch Bar the star of Apple’s new MacBook Pro ad By Killian Bell | November 18, 2016 Share Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo Apple has rolled out a new ad for its latest MacBook Pro just as the notebook starts hitting store shelves. Called “Bulbs,” the video showcases the fancy new Touch Bar, which Apple describes as “a tool for all the ideas to come.” We probably could have guessed the first MacBook Pro ad would focus on the Touch Bar, but “Bulbs” isn’t quite what we expected. During the 1-minute, 37-second clip, the Touch Bar itself only appears on screen for about four seconds. It’s certainly a cool ad, though. In typical Apple fashion, it’s interesting and dramatic, and it makes you want to find out more about that Touch Bar and the new MacBook Pro. If you haven’t already ordered your new MacBook Pro from the Apple online store, you may now be able to find one at your local Apple store. The 13-inch model became available for in-store pickup at many locations in the U.S., but there’s no sign of the 15-inch just yet. To check stock at an Apple store near you, simply choose the 13-inch MacBook Pro on Apple’s website, then click “check availability” under the “Pickup” option. You can then type in your city or zip code to find stores closest to you. Topics #Apple #Ad #Apple #Apple Store #Bulbs #MacBook Pro #pickup #touch bar #Video Products Mentioned Apple 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar (2016) Apple 15-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar (2016) Killian Bell Killian Bell is a 20-something technology journalist based in a tiny town in England. He has an obsession with that little company in Cupertino which has been growing rapidly since… Read More Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu BYE PHONE There is absolutely no reason to get excited about a new smartphone Written by Mike Murphy November 18, 2016 Exactly. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez) Share Written by Mike Murphy November 18, 2016 I have six smartphones sitting in front of me and they’re all exactly the same. I will give someone four dollars if they can name all of these phones in order pic.twitter.com/0igcVTnA43 — Mike Murphy (@mcwm) November 17, 2016 One might have an aluminum exterior, one might be slightly larger, but really that’s about it. I recently picked up the new Apple iPhone 7 Plus, and I think it’s pretty decent. I also looked at the Google Pixel, and thought that it wasn’t too bad either. I’ve reviewed a (non-exploding) Samsung Galaxy S7, a OnePlus 3, and have a LG V20, a LeEco Pro 3, and some phones that all look roughly the same when you flip them over in front of me. While there are some discrepancies over build quality—I personally think Samsung’s new phones (that don’t catch fire) are a little sturdier than, say, LeEco’s new phones—they all pretty much pack the same set of features that any consumer would want in a new phone: There isn’t really a reason to get excited about any one new smartphone anymore. Mobile technology is so advanced, and there’s so much packed into any smartphone—from budget models to a company’s newest flagship—that it’s often difficult to differentiate between models. When Apple released the iPhone 7 earlier this year, many were disappointed that it looked, and for the most part, functioned, so similarly to the iPhone 6S and 6 before it. At the time, analysts speculated that this is because it’s getting more difficult to innovate every year, even for a company like Apple. Every competitor has pretty much caught up to Apple in terms of design, and it now often lags behind others when it comes to new hardware features, such as waterproofing or NFC payments, both of which Android phones had before Apple. So what features should you be on the look out when buying a new phone? What things have companies touted as their distinguishing feature in the past, that is not as true anymore? Camera quality Google’s new phone was recently rated by the independent camera benchmarking site DxOMark to have the best camera ever put into a cellphone. Following right behind it are the HTC 10, the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge, the Sony Xperia X Performance, and the iPhone 7. DxOMark hasn’t reviewed the LG V20 yet, nor the iPhone 7 Plus, with its extra depth-perceiving camera, but having played around with both, it’s likely they’ll also fall near the top of the list. Most of the flagship smartphones on the market today have a powerful camera, decent editing software, and can push your photos out to Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat, email, or wherever else you want your snaps to go. Cameras will likely continue to get sharper, smaller, and faster—as much as physics allows—at an incremental rate. Every phone you buy from now on will likely have the best mobile camera you’ve ever used. Storage One of the most common complaints with smartphones is that because of the amazing cameras they all now have, we tend to run out of storage space to save all our photos and videos. Most new phones have one of two possible solutions. The first answer is that new phones are shipping with more storage space. With the iPhone 7, Apple upped the base storage level in its cheapest model to 32 GB—to double what it was in the iPhone 6S. Every other phone sitting in front me also has at least as much storage, and some of them, including the iPhone, have models available in 128 GB. Shoot as many photos and download as many games as you’d like—it’s probably going to take you as long as you have your phone to fill it up completely. The other answer is offloading content to the cloud. Phones like the Nextbit Robin and Google’s Pixel have novel solutions to this storage problem. The Robin actually offloads anything you don’t actively use—like apps, games, pictures, and videos—to its cloud, and users can return them to the phone at the tap of a button. It’s like having a smartphone with unlimited storage capacity, even though it only has 32 GB built in. Similarly, Google uploads all videos and photos shot on the Pixel to its Google Photos cloud at full resolution for free. The Pixel also starts at 32 GB, but offloading all the images you shoot will massively increase how much space is available on the phone. Speed Similar to storage complaints, people often whinge that their phones start to lag with age, especially when new software is installed. While there’s no way to guarantee a phone’s longevity, it’s worth considering that all the phones in front of me have at the same amount of memory (or more) as the maximum available in the top-of-the-line Apple laptop about a decade ago. New software will likely always require more processing power than what came before it, but the rate at which computing hardware has advanced over the last few years has been rather astounding. Build quality Not every phone has the same level of industrial design that Apple is known for (it literally wrote the book on it), but they’re coming close. The Samsung Galaxy 7s are well-built phones, as is the Pixel. The iPhone and Galaxy 7s are both waterproof, and the Google Pixel has been called “one of the most durable phones of 2016.” Many of these phones also have versions of Corning’s Gorilla Glass, a toughened glass that protects the screen from shattering when dropped—at least more so than a regular piece of glass. What it comes down to Smartphones are so similar in design, operating system, and abilities, that many companies have resorted to using gimmicks to try to differentiate their products. Samsung, for a while, went off the deep end, attempting to jam as many random apps, hand gestures, and styluses into its products as possible. Newer models have pared back the number of proprietary apps and features. Now Samsung is trying to differentiate itself with virtual reality, 360-degree photography, and other add-ons. Google is using its virtual “Assistant”—a supercharged version of the voice assistant it’s had built into Android for years—and Apple is trying to stand out with its dual-camera in the iPhone 7 Plus, and, well, being Apple. But really the decision for what smartphone to buy comes down to whether you prefer iOS or Android, and then whether you want a home button, and where you’d like your fingerprint scanner to be placed. These phones are all about as good as each other, most of them costing between $500 and $700, without any cell carrier subsidies. What you’re left with is what brands you’re loyal to and how big a fan you are of rose gold. Is there hope for the future—will smartphones become exciting again? Absolutely. Some analysts are referring to 2017 as a “supercycle” for Apple, meaning that the company plans to get out of the iterative rut it’s found itself in recently, with a bevy of new products, instead of the marginal upgrades it’s presented for the the last decade or so. The company will be releasing its tenth-anniversary smartphone, which is likely to be a complete overhaul of the iPhone. There’s talk of entirely new screens with curved edges, that the phone could be made of a new form of scratch-resistant ceramic, and that there could be a massive 5.5-inch version hitting the market. Samsung is also expected to unveil an updated version of the Galaxy S7 (likely called the S8), to replace the gap in the market created by its exploding (but very useful otherwise) Note 7. Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
mirrorLoad mobile navigation News UK News World News Weird News Crime Real Life Stories Health MotoringExpand Politics Sport Football Formula 1 Boxing Cricket Horse Racing Row Zed Rugby Union Other Sports Athletics Cycling Darts MMA WrestlingExpandExpand Football Celebs Celebrity News US Gossip Fashion & Beauty Weird Celeb NewsExpand TV & Film Weird News Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Quizzes Sign in Sign Out facebook twitter pinterest instagram Offers Fantasy Bingo Dating Jobs BuySell Competitions Horoscopes Cartoons Crosswords BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited Home Sport Other Sports Conor McGregor Sport Conor McGregor thanks New York as he returns home following historic UFC 205 win over Eddie Alvarez McGregor became the first man in the promotion's history to hold two belts at the same time when he beat Eddie Alvarez in the Big Apple on Saturday night  Share  Comments ByLiam Corless 11:47, 18 NOV 2016 Updated11:49, 18 NOV 2016 Sport Conor McGregor thanked New York following his historic UFC 205 victory against Eddie Alvarez (Photo: Zuffa LLC via Getty Images)  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email Conor McGregor thanked New York as he returned home following his triumphant appearance at UFC 205. McGregor became the first man in the promotion's history to hold two belts at the same time when he added the lightweight crown to his featherweight title with a win over Eddie Alvarez in the Big Apple. It took just two rounds for the 28-year-old to clinch victory as he claimed a TKO win over Philadelphia fighter Alvarez, 32, on Saturday night. On Friday, the Irishman McGregor wrote on Instagram: "Good bye New York and thank you. Another chapter written in my storied career. God bless." Read More Conor McGregor NOT ranked No.1 pound-for-pound by the UFC despite holding two titles McGregor was dominant against Alvarez to clinch the UFC lightweight title (Photo: Zuffa LLC via Getty Images) https://www.instagram.com/p/BM8KqoUh2Mh/embed UFC chief Dana White defended McGregor earlier this week after retired boxer Floyd Mayweather claimed it was "total disrespect" to compare him with the dual UFC champion. Mayweather told TMZ: "I didn't know he was undefeated, I didn't know he reigned in MMA for 20 years and was undefeated, and was world champion in five different weight classes. That's something I didn't know. "If you say he’s the Floyd Mayweather of MMA, then I'm trying to find out. Has he ever made $300million in one night? $100m in one night? $70m in one night? Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now "I'm a legend, a living legend; to the sport of boxing I gave years and years of hard work; there was blood, sweat and tears. "Conor McGregor can go out there and do what he do, but never compare Conor McGregor to me, it's a total disrespect. "Once again, I’m an elephant. Elephants don’t beef with ants, an elephant is so large it doesn't even see ants." But White riposted, describing McGregor as a "special" fighter and appearing to subtly jibe at Mayweather's pragmatic boxing style. Dana White, left, urged Mayweather to show McGregor, right, some respect (Photo: Zuffa LLC via Getty Images) “Conor McGregor, if he touches you, you go to sleep,” said White, as reported on Hypebeast. "Floyd puts people to sleep too, with his fighting style, not with his hands. "Floyd can say what he wants about Conor, but even other fighters have to respect him. He’s special. "Floyd’s never even come close to doing to other fighters what Conor does.” Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in  Share this video Watch Next poll loading Is Conor McGregor the greatest UFC fighter of all time? 3000+ VOTES SO FAR YES NO Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @MirrorMMA Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Conor McGregor UFC 205 sport all Most Read Most Recent Lionel Messi10 things that will definitely happen if Lionel Messi really does sign for Man City Here is what you can expect if the most amazing transfer in Premier League history actually comes to pass England football teamEngland duo Adam Lallana and Jordan Henderson 'visited Bournemouth strip club' on night of Wayne Rooney controversy The Three Lions and Liverpool pair reportedly made the 220-mile round trip to strip club 'For Your Eyes Only' Premier LeagueMiddlesbrough 0-1 Chelsea LIVE: Costa scores 10th goal of the season as Blues look to go top Antonio Conte's in-form Blues can go clear at the top with a sixth-consecutive league win - but won't have it all their own way against Aitor Karanka's men January transfer windowTransfer news LIVE: Manchester United, Arsenal and Liverpool latest as the January window approaches Join us throughout the day as we bring you all the latest news and rumours ahead of the January transfer window Manchester City transfer newsManchester City plotting Lionel Messi transfer swoop and are ready to pay a staggering £200million Blues plan to pay a world-record fee and hand the Barcelona ace £500,000 a week ATP World Tour FinalsAndy Murray vs Novak Djokovic live updates from ATP World Tour Finals showdown at the O2 Djokovic and Murray will meet in Sunday's final at the O2 in London and the equation is simple: whoever wins will end the year as the world's top-ranked player ATP World Tour FinalsWhat channel is Andy Murray vs Novak Djokovic on? TV info and more ahead of the season finale Djokovic and Murray will meet in Sunday's final at the O2 in London and the equation is simple: whoever wins will end the year as the world's top-ranked player ATP World Tour FinalsWhat time is Andy Murray vs Novak Djokovic? TV info and more ahead of the World Tour Finals finale Djokovic and Murray will meet in Sunday's final at the O2 in London and the equation is simple: whoever wins will end the year as the world's top-ranked player Premier LeagueMiddlesbrough 0-1 Chelsea LIVE: Costa scores 10th goal of the season as Blues look to go top Antonio Conte's in-form Blues can go clear at the top with a sixth-consecutive league win - but won't have it all their own way against Aitor Karanka's men Liverpool FCSouthampton's Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg says Liverpool are the best team he has ever played against The Reds' title hopes took a blow as they were held to a goalless draw at St Mary's by the Saints on Saturday Most Read Most Recent Weird NewsMystery sphere spotted zooming past sun by NASA satellites - sparking conspiracy theories over UFOs Other frames in the series do not feature the sphere, nor does any image from October's captures from the mission Weird NewsSome people are born with tiny holes above their ears – and this is why No, this has got nothing to do with piercing, it's a strange, rare birth defect UK NewsCancer-stricken girl, 4, who reduced world to tears after father posted heartbreaking picture of her suffering has died The shocking picture showed little Jessica Whelan in visible pain as the cancer coursed through her body Celebrity NewsSusan Boyle may NEVER sing live again - as she reveals two-stone weight loss secrets and looks for love SuBo says her Asperger’s syndrome has become so crippling that she is unable to set dates for another tour World newsISIS leader reveals how he feels about beheading prisoners, the future if Mosul falls and missing his CAT Rachid Kassim, linked to a string of terror attacks in Europe, has given a startling frank account of his life in Islamic State NasaNASA could send rocket to 'metal world' created by a massive planetary space collision The massive asteroid, known as 16 Psyche, is thought to be the molten core of a planet once the size of Mars Hamleys PLCHamleys Christmas Toy Parade takes over London's Regent Street and wows crowd of almost one MILLION The parade saw 400 actors dressed up as the nation's favourite toys move down Regent's Street, accompanied by dancers and marching bands GoggleboxGogglebox slammed for snubbing Scarlett Moffatt amid claims co-stars are 'jealous of her VIP treatment Those tuning into the latest episode of Channel 4 series were not happy after being denied the chance to watch the star's parents react to her stint on I'm A Celebrity ATP World Tour FinalsAndy Murray vs Novak Djokovic live updates from ATP World Tour Finals showdown at the O2 Djokovic and Murray will meet in Sunday's final at the O2 in London and the equation is simple: whoever wins will end the year as the world's top-ranked player ATP World Tour FinalsWhat channel is Andy Murray vs Novak Djokovic on? TV info and more ahead of the season finale Djokovic and Murray will meet in Sunday's final at the O2 in London and the equation is simple: whoever wins will end the year as the world's top-ranked player Top Stories Paul GascoigneFears for ex-England star after second dinner event cancelled as "very upset" legend hit with "bad news" A promoter claimed Paul Gascoigne had received some 'bad news' and was 'very upset' BrexitBlundering Boris Johnson accused of taking the WRONG notes to Brexit meeting with Theresa May The bumbling Tory is said to have prompted "groans of disapproval" in Downing Street ShopliftingShop assistant 'chokes alleged thief on the ground even AFTER she claims to be three months pregnant' A clothes shop worker pinning an alleged thief to the ground attracts jeers and horrified gasps after the woman claims she is pregnant - and he continues to lie on top of her UK News"My princess has grown her angel wings": Dad who shared heartbreaking picture of his girl battling cancer announces she has passed away The shocking picture showed little Jessica Whelan in visible pain as the cancer coursed through her body. Now dad Andy announces she has 'found peace' Heathrow AirportBreaking: Massive fire close to Heathrow Airport sends thick black smoke billowing into the sky Flights departing and arriving at the airport will not be affected, a spokesman confirmed tonight BullyingTalented footballer with long hair cuts it all off and quits youth academy after being bullied over 'feminine' locks Talented Maxx Cordy, 11, had let his hair grow since the age of four but felt 'enough was enough' Johnny AdairJohnny 'Mad Dog' Adair's grief at son's heroin death: 'He was good looking and healthy but that horrible drug got its grip' Ex-loyalist terror chief Adair and his family have been left heartbroken by the death of 32-year-old Jonathan - known as Mad Pup - in Ayrshire in Scotland in September Autumn StatementWhen is the Autumn Statement 2016? Date, predictions and details expected in Philip Hammond's first budget announcement All the latest Autumn Statement predictions, news and analysis ahead of Philip Hammond's debut as Chancellor - and how the 'spending review' fits in Henrik LarssonWatch shocking moment Henrik Larsson and son are ATTACKED by hooligans after their team is relegated Helsingborg fans reacted angrily to their team being relegated to the Swedish second division and targeted the 19-year-old England football teamGareth Southgate could be named new England manager by the end of this week The FA will conduct an interview with Southgate on Monday and it is understood that he is the only candidate that they are planning to speak to Real Life StoriesWoman's kind-hearted gesture could change a homeless man's life forever - and she's inspired others to do the same "Nobody should be alone. Nobody should be on the streets with nobody to support them" Liverpool FCSouthampton's Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg says Liverpool are the best team he has ever played against The Reds' title hopes took a blow as they were held to a goalless draw at St Mary's by the Saints on Saturday News Politics Football Sport Celebs TV & Film Weird News Quizzes Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Motoring Follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
News Election 2016 Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news US election Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business News iPhones are less reliable than Android devices, study finds Overheating is cited as the most common problem faced by iPhone users Zlata Rodionova Friday 18 November 2016 11:30 BST Click to follow The Independent Online About 62 per cent of iOS devices suffered performance failures compared with 47 per cent of Android devices, the report found Getty Apple’s iPhones and iPads are losing the battle against Android devices. That is according to a new study by mobile diagnostics firms Blancco Technology Group (BTG), which claims that Apple’s devices are less reliable and experienced a bigger failure rate than their Android counterpart, driven by bugs in the iOS 10 update. For the purposes of the report the word “failure” refers to any number of problems including instances of apps crashing, connection difficulties and overheating. Read more Apple Gets Ten Days to Address Its iPhone 6 And 6S Shutdown Problem In China About 62 per cent of iOS devices suffered performance failures in the third quarter of 2016 compared with 47 per cent of Android devices, the report found. The iPhone 6 was the main culprit with the highest failure rate of 13 per cent. This was followed by the iPhone 5S and iPhone 6S both on 9 per cent. Overheating is cited as the most common problem faced by iPhone users, followed by crashing apps at 15 per cent and headphone problems at 11 per cent. “If an iOS device exceeds a certain internal temperature threshold, it could have a ripple effect on other aspects of the device’s performance,” BTG said in its report. Read more Apple Cleans Its Closet; Snap Files for IPO-- Tech Roundup Amazon Music Unlimited review: A credible alternative to Spotify 5 reasons why Apple's new MacBook Pro is completely disappointing Apple slashes prices of peripherals following MacBook Pro concerns “For example, overheating could lead to the device no longer charging. It could also cause the display screen to dim or go black altogether. Other residual effects could be a weakened carrier signal or the camera flash being disabled temporarily,” the company added. The top crashing iOS apps chart puts Instagram in the leading position, crashing 14 per cent of the time followed by Snapchat at 12 per cent. Pokemon Go was dubbed “one of the most unstable iOS apps” in the third quarter, with apps crashing 5 per cent of the time. BTG said Pokemon Go was ‘one of the most unstable iOS apps’ in the third quarter, crashing 5 per cent of the time   While the news could prove sobering to Apple and its iOS users, the company was not alone in experiencing some issues.  On the Android side, Samsung had the highest rate of device failure at 11 per cent. Android users suffered from USB problems and battery drain, which BTG blamed on the popular Pokemon Go app. Gadgets and tech news in pictures 38 show all Gadgets and tech news in pictures 1/38 A concept car by Trumpchi from GAC Group is shown at the International Automobile Exhibition in Guangzhou, China Rex 2/38 A Mirai fuel cell vehicle by Toyota is displayed at the International Automobile Exhibition in Guangzhou, China Reuters 3/38 A visitor tries a Nissan VR experience at the International Automobile Exhibition in Guangzhou, China Reuters 4/38 A man looks at an exhibit entitled 'Mimus' a giant industrial robot which has been reprogrammed to interact with humans during a photocall at the new Design Museum in South Kensington, London Getty 5/38 A new Israeli Da-Vinci unmanned aerial vehicle manufactured by Elbit Systems is displayed during the 4th International conference on Home Land Security and Cyber in the Israeli coastal city of Tel Aviv Getty 6/38 Electrification Guru Dr. Wolfgang Ziebart talks about the electric Jaguar I-PACE concept SUV before it was unveiled before the Los Angeles Auto Show in Los Angeles, California, U.S Reuters 7/38 The Jaguar I-PACE Concept car is the start of a new era for Jaguar. This is a production preview of the Jaguar I-PACE, which will be revealed next year and on the road in 2018 AP 8/38 Japan's On-Art Corp's CEO Kazuya Kanemaru poses with his company's eight metre tall dinosaur-shaped mechanical suit robot 'TRX03' and other robots during a demonstration in Tokyo, Japan Reuters 9/38 Japan's On-Art Corp's eight metre tall dinosaur-shaped mechanical suit robot 'TRX03' Reuters 10/38 Japan's On-Art Corp's eight metre tall dinosaur-shaped mechanical suit robot 'TRX03' performs during its unveiling in Tokyo, Japan Reuters 11/38 Singulato Motors co-founder and CEO Shen Haiyin poses in his company's concept car Tigercar P0 at a workshop in Beijing, China Reuters 12/38 Singulato Motors' concept car Tigercar P0 Reuters 13/38 The interior of Singulato Motors' concept car Tigercar P0 at a workshop in Beijing, China Reuters 14/38 A picture shows Singulato Motors' concept car Tigercar P0 at a workshop in Beijing, China Reuters 15/38 Connected company president Shigeki Tomoyama addresses a press briefing as he elaborates on Toyota's "connected strategy" in Tokyo. The Connected company is a part of seven Toyota in-house companies that was created in April 2016 Getty 16/38 A Toyota Motors employee demonstrates a smartphone app with the company's pocket plug-in hybrid (PHV) service on the cockpit of the latest Prius hybrid vehicle during Toyota's "connected strategy" press briefing in Tokyo Getty 17/38 An exhibitor charges the battery cells of AnyWalker, an ultra-mobile chasis robot which able to move in any kind of environment during Singapore International Robo Expo Getty 18/38 A robot with a touch-screen information apps stroll down the pavillon at the Singapore International Robo Expo Getty 19/38 An exhibitor demonstrates the AnyWalker, an ultra-mobile chasis robot which able to move in any kind of environment during Singapore International Robo Expo Getty 20/38 Robotic fishes swim in a water glass tank displayed at the Korea pavillon during Singapore International Robo Expo Getty 21/38 An employee shows a Samsung Electronics' Gear S3 Classic during Korea Electronics Show 2016 in Seoul, South Korea Reuters 22/38 Visitors experience Samsung Electronics' Gear VR during the Korea Electronics Grand Fair at an exhibition hall in Seoul, South Korea Getty 23/38 People buy new iPhone models at a telecom shop in Seoul, South Korea Getty 24/38 People wait in line to buy new iPhone models at a telecom shop in Seoul, South Korea Getty 25/38 Amy Rimmer, Research Engineer at Jaguar Land Rover, demonstrates the car manufacturer's Advanced Highway Assist in a Range Rover, which drives the vehicle, overtakes and can detect vehicles in the blind spot, during the first demonstrations of the UK Autodrive Project at HORIBA MIRA Proving Ground in Nuneaton, Warwickshire PA wire 26/38 Ford EEBL Emergency Electronic Brake Lights is demonstrated during the first demonstrations of the UK Autodrive Project at HORIBA MIRA Proving Ground in Nuneaton, Warwickshire PA 27/38 Chris Burbridge, Autonomous Driving Software Engineer for Tata Motors European Technical Centre, demonstrates the car manufacturer's GLOSA V2X functionality, which is connected to the traffic lights and shares information with the driver, during the first demonstrations of the UK Autodrive Project at HORIBA MIRA Proving Ground in Nuneaton, Warwickshire PA wire 28/38 Full-scale model of 'Kibo' on display at the Space Dome exhibition hall of the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) Tsukuba Space Center, in Tsukuba, north-east of Tokyo, Japan EPA 29/38 Miniatures on display at the Space Dome exhibition hall of the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) Tsukuba Space Center, in Tsukuba, north-east of Tokyo, Japan. In its facilities, JAXA develop satellites and analyse their observation data, train astronauts for utilization in the Japanese Experiment Module 'Kibo' of the International Space Station (ISS) and develop launch vehicles EPA 30/38 The robot developed by Seed Solutions sings and dances to the music during the Japan Robot Week 2016 at Tokyo Big Sight. At this biennial event, the participating companies exhibit their latest service robotic technologies and components Getty 31/38 The robot developed by Seed Solutions sings and dances to music during the Japan Robot Week 2016 at Tokyo Big Sight Getty 32/38 Government and industry are working together on a robot-like autopilot system that could eliminate the need for a second human pilot in the cockpit AP 33/38 Aurora Flight Sciences' technicians work on an Aircrew Labor In-Cockpit Automantion System (ALIAS) device in the firm's Centaur aircraft at Manassas Airport in Manassas, Va. AP 34/38 Flight Simulator Stefan Schwart and Udo Klingenberg preparing a self-built flight simulator to land at Hong Kong airport, from Rostock, Germany EPA 35/38 Flight Simulator In recent months, computer specialists of the project MV-IT systems have built a Boeing 737-800 cockpit and reconstructed part of the cabin with 15 seats. The simulator will be officially opened on October 19, 2016 and able to 'land' at over 20,000 airfields in different weather conditions and at all times and seasons EPA 36/38 PlayStation VR The launch of PlayStation VR at the GAME Digital Westfield White City midnight launch GAME Digital 37/38 PlayStation VR An elated customer at the launch of PlayStation VR at the GAME Digital Westfield White City midnight launch. GAME Digital 38/38 PlayStation VR Customers wait in line to buy the Sony PlayStation virtual reality (PSVR) headset at the entrance of an electronics retail shop before its opening hours in Tokyo Getty Richard Stiennon, chief strategy officer at Blancco Technology Group, said: “Battery charging ranked in the list of the top five performance issues plaguing Android devices in the third quarter. “Since users must keep their device screen and GPS on in order to play the virtual reality game, both of these functions are known to drain the device’s battery charge.”  More about: Android Apple iOS iPhones Samsung Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Open Menu Close Menu Apple Developer Account Apple Developer Discover Design Develop Distribute Support Account Search The Hour of Code November 17, 2016 As part of Computer Science Education Week, Apple will help inspire the next generation of developers with free Hour of Code workshops at your local Apple Store from December 5 to 11. Each workshop is a one-hour introduction to the basics of computer programming. To sign up for a workshop or learn how to host your own Hour of Code event, see the Apple Store website. The Hour of Code is an initiative by Computer Science Education Week and Code.org to introduce millions of students around the world to one hour of computer science and computer programming. Back to News Developer News and Updates The Hour of Code To receive the latest developer news, visit and subscribe to our News and Updates. Copyright © 2016 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Report Bugs Feedback
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Friday, 18 November 2016 | MYT 5:18 PM Google, an Obama ally, may face policy setbacks under Trump Tougher landscape: Since Trump's victory, Alphabet shares have fallen 2.4%. — Reuters WASHINGTON/SAN FRANCISCO: Alphabet Inc's Google faces a tougher regulatory landscape as US President-elect Donald Trump's incoming administration looks poised to reverse Obama administration policies that often favoured the Internet giant in the company's battles with telecoms and cable heavyweights, analysts say. Google had close ties with outgoing Democratic President Barack Obama's administration, and its employees donated much more to defeated Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton than to the Republican Trump. In the most concrete sign yet that the tech policy balance may be tipping in favour of telecom firms ahead of Trump's presidency, the US Federal Communications Commission on Nov 16 halted action on contentious regulatory reform measures opposed by companies such as AT&T Inc and CenturyLink Inc. In addition, the commission is now expected to reject FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler's high-profile proposal to open up the US$20bil (RM88bil) market for rented pay-TV set-top boxes, according to two people with knowledge of the matter. That measure would have dealt a big blow to cable companies and created an opening for firms such as Google and Apple Inc. Obama had thrown his support behind the initiative, a move AT&T decried as an improper intervention on behalf of what it called a "Google proposal". "Google has been much more actively involved in this than Apple has," said Jan Dawson, analyst at Jackdaw Research. "I'm not sure it's critical to Google's business at all that it be allowed to provide these next generation set-top boxes, but there was a business opportunity there." Cable companies have expressed concerns that rivals like Google or Apple could create devices or apps and insert their own content or advertising in cable content. The FCC's moves came a day after Republican lawmakers urged Wheeler, a Democrat, to avoid any contested regulations in the waning days of the Obama administration, saying new rules would be subject to review by the incoming Republican-led Congress and Trump's administration and "could create confusion if reversed". "The question is how far will the pendulum swing back" in favour of telecom companies, said Hal Singer, senior fellow at the George Washington Institute of Public Policy. "It has swung in Google's direction under the FCC and Chairman Wheeler." Among other regulations, Trump's Nov 8 election has increased the chances that Obama's net neutrality rules, adopted by the FCC in early 2015, could be rolled back, analysts said. Most Republicans strongly oppose net neutrality, which requires Internet service providers to treat all data equally and bars them from obstructing or slowing down consumer access to web content. The rules were a victory for Internet firms like Google and Netflix Inc that have advocated an open Internet. Jimmy Schaeffler, telecom industry consultant at the Carmel Group, said that "the bottom line is that things will change and there will be less optimism among and fewer opportunities" for companies like Google that do not own the Internet networks. "That's going to impede their success and those that rely on what they do," Schaeffler added. Republicans in Congress or at a Republican-controlled FCC under a Trump administration could also pare back new privacy rules adopted in October that subject Internet service providers to stricter rules than those faced by Google and other websites. Since Trump's victory, Alphabet shares have fallen 2.4%, Netflix shares have dropped 5.9% and Amazon shares are down 2%. AT&T Inc and Verizon Communications Inc shares have been relatively unchanged, while Comcast Corp shares have soared 7.7%. Google did not respond to requests for comment. Extensive ties  During Obama's presidency, more than 250 people moved between jobs at Google or related firms and the federal government, national political campaigns and Congress, according to a report this year by the Campaign for Accountability watchdog group's Google Transparency Project. Eric Schmidt, Alphabet's executive chairman, was seen at Clinton's Election Night party wearing a staff badge in a widely circulated photo. In the stolen and leaked emails of Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta disclosed by WikiLeaks, an adviser wrote a memo to Clinton in 2014 that said "working relationships with Google, Facebook, Apple, and other technology companies were important to us in 2012 and should be even more important to you in 2016, given their still-ascendent positions in the culture." "We have begun having discreet conversations with some of these companies to get a sense of their priorities for the coming cycle," the adviser wrote. Telecoms and cable companies have accused Wheeler of favouring Google at the expense of cable companies. Responding to the criticism, Wheeler said in May: "I hear that allegation, and I scratch my head. I don't get that charge." "Certainly the sort of cosy relationship that Google enjoyed with the Obama administration is not going to continue with Trump," Jackdaw Research's Dawson added. Some analysts and former Google lobbyists noted that the company similarly faced a set of challenging regulatory dynamics when it opened its Washington office in 2005, with Republicans controlling the White House and both houses of Congress and the young tech firm widely perceived to have a liberal bent. "They have a tailwind (in the Obama administration), and that does end now," a former Google employee at the company's Washington office said. "But I think in the long run Google is going to be just fine in Washington. In many ways, its whole operation was built just for moments like this." — Reuters You May Be Interested Nasscom cuts IT services sector growth forecast for FY17 Carmakers show their caution on electric cars at LA Auto Show Toms launches Apple Watch wrist bands Facebook buys facial recognition tech startup Huawei eyes Africa with Nova Rejuvenate yourself with American ginseng Others Also Read Suzuki Cup: Kim Swee wants an improved performance against Vietnam Tourists now prefer lodgings with Airbnb flavour, hoteliers told Small is beautiful advertisement Latest News China wants fewer, but better, electric car makers US extends ZTE reprieve on exports curbs until Feb 27 Tesla's Musk closes SolarCity deal, more challenges lie ahead Google, an Obama ally, may face policy setbacks under Trump Infosys CEO says Trump election may weigh on margins Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
null
Home Business Software Chips Mobile Internet Security Review Desktop Software Graphics cards Laptops Mobile apps Mobiles Peripherals Storage Tablets Workstations TechEye Home Business Software Chips Mobile Internet Security Review Desktop Software Graphics cards Laptops Mobile apps Mobiles Peripherals Storage Tablets Workstations Menu Apple finally releases cure for touch disease Posted on November 18, 2016 by Nick Farrell - Business, Mobile, Mobiles, News The fruity tax-dodging cargo cult also known as Apple has finally released a cure for “a problem” in iPhone 6s which forced users to upgrade to the new iPhone 7. Just before Apple released its iPhone 7, iPhone‘s started to get a mysterious illness which bricked them.  Apple refused to acknowledge that the fault existed, presumably because it meant that people were simply upgrading to the new phone rather than requiring it to be fixed. All that changed this week when the Chinese government started to complain about the fault and was threatening a recall. Suddenly Apple admitted the fault and offered to fix it. Of course, the problem is still nothing to do with Apple. Jobs Mob claims that some iPhone 6s exhibit Multi-Touch issues after “being dropped multiple times on a hard surface,” causing damage to the device. Under its repair program, Apple will fix affected iPhone 6 Plus devices for a service price of $149. Of course, if users don’t want to stump up $149 there is always the chance to upgrade to a nice, but identical iPhone 7. We are not sure if that move will satisfy the Chinese and personally we hope not. iFixit thinks that the problem is caused due to the wonders of Apple’s design. For some reason Jobs’ Mob has started soldering the touch screen controller to the phone’s logic board making repairs difficult. Third-party repair outlets speculated that the issue could be linked to the same structural design flaw that caused the major “Bendgate” controversy. Of course Apple denies that there ever was a structural flaw. Tags: apple, China, touch Search for: Recent Articles Three was hacked One of Blighty's biggest mobile phone companies, Three, has been hacked and its customer upgrade dat[...] Telcos likely to have supreme power over Google After all its years being in bed with the Obama administration, the search engine Google might sudde[...] Germany mulls fining Facebook over hate speech Germany's Justice Minister thinks that the social notworking site Facebook should be treated like a [...] Too many Chinese CEOs in Silicon Valley Donald Trump’s top advisor claims that there are too many Chinese CEOs in Silicon Valley, in a state[...] Logitech sees life in the PC yet Logitech’s CEO Bracken Darrell said he is not ready to walk away from the personal computer business[...] © 2016 TechEye.
Follow @triplepundit 45.8k Triple Pundit: People, Planet, Profit Menu Events Companies Vs Climate Change This event is intended for any professional at any company who is involved in the process of decreasing their company’s carbon footprint and is part of the effort to solve climate change. Ask about 3p discounts! register now Nov 30-Dec 2, Ft. Lauderdale Twitter Chat: #ForcedFashion with C&A Foundation Join C&A Foundation on December 5th where we’ll be looking at forced labor – an issue that still plagues supply chains around the world. register now Dec 5 on Twitter More Events… Close Special Series Progress to 2020: Tackling resource use from all angles In this series we’ll take a fresh look at resources and how they are used. We’ll go beyond natural resources like air and water to look at how efficiency in raw materials can boost the bottom line and help the environment. We’ll also examine the circular economy and design for reuse — with an eye toward honoring those resources we do have. Sponsored by Sealed Air Sustainability at Home and Beyond While changes at home can’t solve the many environmental crises we face today, they can sure help. Through this series, we’ll explore how initiatives like curbside compost pick-up, rebates on compost bins, and efficient appliances can help families reduce their impact without breaking the bank. Sponsored by Whirlpool Corporation Social Impacts in Apparel Despite decades -- centuries even -- of global efforts, slavery can still be found not just on the high seas, but around the world and throughout various supply chains. Through this series on forced labor, sponsored by C&A Foundation, we’ll explore many different types of bonded and forced labor and highlight industries where this practice is alive and well today. Sponsored by C&A Foundation Black Lives Matter and Beyond In this series we examine how companies should respond to national controversy like police violence and the BLM movement to best support employees and how can companies work to improve equality by increasing diversity in their ranks directly. Sponsored by Symantec Are Americans Getting Healthier? Advances in medical science and healthcare mean Americans are living longer than ever. But lifestyle choices can hold us back. We'll take a look at whole health and how we can continue to improve. Sponsored by CVS Health How Cotton Goes Beyond Fabric, Sustainably In this series we’ll explore the lesser-known uses of the versatile cotton plant, insights into its environmental impact, and its complex supply chain which extends from around the world to the couch you might be sitting on right now. Sponsored by Cotton Incorporated Close Categories Climate & Environment – This category is climate change in relation to sustainability and CSR and how these segments effect one another. This includes how climate change has started to cause a wide range of physical effects with serious implications for investors and businesses, and how the business sector discloses climate risks and manage them. Corporate Responsibility – This category is about Corporate social responsibility (CSR), a form of corporate self-regulation integrated into a business model. The goal of CSR is to embrace responsibility for the company’s actions and encourage a positive impact through its activities on the environment, consumers, employees, communities, stakeholders and all other members of the public sphere. Investment & Markets – Resources & Information related to Investment & Markets, Socially Responsible Investing, SRI, Socially Conscious, Ethical Investing and more. New Economics – This category is about the relation between business economies and sustainability and CSR. Company economies have great impact on how much effort they put into their CSR strategy and incorporating green strategies can have en effect on company growth. Economics Conscious Capitalism B-Corps Business Models Circular Economy Sharing Economy Policy & Government Society – Poverty Solutions Fair Trade Labor Social Equity Diversity/Inclusion Communicating Sustainability Technology – Resources & Information related to Clean Technology, Recycling, Renewable Energy, Green Buildings and more. Industry Verticals Stories organized by verticals: Advertising & Marketing | Apparel | Buildings | Consumer Packaged Goods | Energy | Finance | Food & Agriculture | Healthcare | Information Technology | Retail | Shipping & Logistics | Sports | Transportation | Travel & Hospitality Close 3p Podium Apple and the Conservation Fund Boost Forest Protection in Maine by Leon Kaye on Friday, Nov 18th, 2016 Corporate Responsibility Share Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Ninety percent of Maine is covered by forests. This week, Apple partnered with the Conservation Fund to donate 32,400 acres of forest, which the tech giant purchased last year, to the Forest Society of Maine. Apple’s gift connects over 1 million acres of forest that reach far beyond Maine’s border with Canada. Forests by far define Maine’s landscape: Approximately 90 percent of this New England state is covered by trees, more than any other U.S. state. The 12 million acres nestled against the Canadian border is home to few people, but they offer residents and visitors diverse wildlife, plenty of recreation choices, and economic opportunities. But unlike much of the western U.S., the vast majority of Maine’s forests are privately owned – as much as 93 percent according to one survey. Over the last several years, changes in the U.S. forestry sector caused shifts in ownership for millions of acres with little certainty about their eventual fate. Hence steps taken by companies such as Apple are important in order to allow for some economic activity on this land, while protecting wildlife and permitting recreational activities such as kayaking and fishing. Apple’s donation of land and funds will protect the Reed Forest in Aroostook County, located in the northern region of the state, according to the Forest Society of Maine. The endowment allows for sustainable timber harvest that helps employ 38,000 locals, ensures clean water for local communities and provides a carbon sink as a buffer against future climate change risks. This is not Apple’s first forestry initiative. Last year the tech giant entered into an agreement with WWF to halt deforestation in China. Its project aims to transition 1 million acres of forested lands to responsibly managed forests by 2020. The paper produced from trees grown within these forests will be certified by the Forest Stewardship Council (FSC). With the world’s population growing and demand for paper products rising in kind, Apple views these partnerships as a way to groom sustainable development while reducing any encroachment on natural forests. “For Apple, this is the beginning of a worldwide effort, one that represents a new approach as it reassesses its impact on the world’s paper supply chain,” wrote Lisa P. Jackson, the former administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency and who now serves as VP of environment, policy and aocial initiatives for Apple, upon announcing the company’s work with the Conservation Fund last year. Apple has long been called out for its lack of transparency, and the company has been opaque about where it sources the paper and cardboard needed to box its product suite of electronics and accessories. As Philip Elmer-DeWitt has pointed out on Fortune, Apple’s purchase and donation of forest lands is a way to counter the amount of pulp and paper consumed by its supply chain. Critics of the company will not be mollified until Apple sheds more light how it procures its paper supply; others will see this as a sign that the company is trying to do its part to mitigate its impact on the planet. Image credit: Lee Coursey/Flickr Corporate Responsibility Recent headlines from the 6201 articles in this category: 3p Weekend: 9 Companies Doing Giving Tuesday Right Massachusetts Raises Animal Welfare and Food Safety Standards Is Twitter’s ‘Progress’ on Trolling Too Late? Based in Fresno, California, Leon Kaye is a business writer and strategic communications specialist. He has also been featured in The Guardian, Sustainable Brands and CleanTechnica. When he has time, he shares his thoughts on his own site, GreenGoPost.com. Contact him at leon@greengopost.com. You can also reach out via Twitter (@LeonKaye) and Instagram (GreenGoPost). Follow Leon Kaye @leonkaye Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Register here if you need an account. Our sponsors Media Kit Access Would your company like to join our conversation? We offer branded content, twitter chats, event promotion, custom content channels and more. Learn more. Check out our newsletters More than 30,000 subscribers get our daily and weekly updates. Join them now. Email address Weekly Mailing List Daily Mailing List Submit Ready to comment? Register for an account below Name* First Last Email* Enter Email Confirm Email Create your username* Captcha After submitting this form, you must check your email for your password before logging in. Follow Triple Pundit Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Search terms Search WORK WITH US About 3p Advertise with us Contact us Newsletter Sponsored content policy Write for us Privacy policy Legal Sitemap MEET OUR TEAM Founder: Nick Aster Ed in Chief: Jen Boynton Editor: Mary Mazzoni Social Media: Marissa Rosen Partnerships: Travis Noland TriplePundit is a Certified B Corp. Offsets Provided by ClimateCare. Use our carbon calculator here. TriplePundit's office is at Impact HUB San Francisco. All content © 2009-2016 Triple Pundit Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to content Satellite Press Releases pr @ satprnews.com Gartner Says Chinese Smartphone Vendors Were Only Vendors in the Top Five to Increase Sales in Q3 of 2016 Three Chinese vendors — Huawei, Oppo and BBK Communication Equipment — together accounted for 21 percent of the smartphones sold to end users worldwide in the third quarter of 2016. They were the only smartphone vendors in the global top five to increase their sales and market share during the quarter, according to Gartner, Inc. “China led the growth in the smartphone market in the third quarter of 2016,” said Anshul Gupta, research director at Gartner. “Sales of smartphones in China grew by 12.4 percent, and the vendors who most successfully exploited the sales opportunities there were Oppo and BBK Communication Equipment. In Oppo’s case, 81 percent of its smartphone sales came from China, while BBK accounted for 89 percent of smartphones sales in China. These two vendors also grew strongly in India, Indonesia, Malaysia, Thailand and Russia,” he added. Global sales of smartphones to end users totaled 373 million units in the third quarter of 2016, a 5.4 percent increase over the third quarter of 2015 (see Table 1). However, overall sales of mobile phones, fell by 1.3 percent, largely due to the declining popularity of feature phones. Table 1 Worldwide Smartphone Sales to End Users by Vendor in 3Q16 (Thousands of Units) Vendor 3Q16 Units 3Q16 Market Share (%) 3Q15 Units 3Q15 Market Share (%) Samsung 71,733.5 19.2 83,586.7 23.6 Apple 43,000.7 11.5 46,062.0 13.0 Huawei 32,489.5 8.7 27,412.7 7.7 Oppo 24,936.6 6.7 11,868.6 3.4 BBK Communication Equipment 19,878.9 5.3 10,437.4 2.9 Others 181,253.3 48.6 174,812.8 49.4 Total 373,292.5 100.0 354,180.2 100.0 Source: Gartner (November 2016)   Samsung had a good start to the quarter, but the battery problem that caused some Galaxy Note 7 smartphones to catch fire led to lower sales of the company’s high-end and high-profile line of Note products. Samsung’s smartphone sales in the third quarter of 2016 as a whole declined 14.2 percent year over year — their worst performance ever. Samsung’s previous worst performance for smartphone sales was a 12.3 percent drop in the fourth quarter of 2014.   “The decision to withdraw the Galaxy Note 7 was correct, but the damage to Samsung’s brand will make it harder for the company to increase its smartphone sales in the short term,” said Mr. Gupta. “For Samsung, it’s crucial that the Galaxy S8 launches successfully, so that partners and customers regain trust in its brand.”   Apple’s iPhone sales continued to fall in the third quarter of 2016, with a 6.6 percent decline. Apple accounted for 11.5 percent of the global smartphone market, its lowest share since the first quarter of 2009. Apple’s sales fell by 8.5 percent in the U.S. and by 31 percent in China, two of its biggest markets. The iPhone 7 struggled to stimulate replacement sales. Huawei is closing the gap with Apple. In the third quarter of 2016, there was less than a three percentage point difference in market share between them in the smartphone market. Highly competitive and feature-packed Honor devices maintained their sales momentum in markets around the world, with expansion into Europe and the U.S. likely to help Huawei record another year of promising growth.   In the smartphone operating system (OS) market, Google’s Android continued to capture market share from Apple’s iOS, to command nearly 88 percent of the total market (see Table 2). “The withdrawal of Samsung’s Galaxy Note 7 may benefit sales of Apple’s iPhone 7 Plus only slightly, as Note 7 users are likely to stay with Samsung or at least with Android,” said Roberta Cozza, research director at Gartner. “To some extent, other Android vendors could capitalize on this situation in the short term — for example, Huawei and other Chinese brands present in the premium Android phone segment. The Note 7’s withdrawal also comes at a good time for Google in mature markets, where it’s Pixel and Pixel XL devices have started selling.”   Table 2 Worldwide Smartphone Sales to End Users by Operating System in 3Q16 (Thousands of Units) Operating System 3Q16 Units 3Q16 Market Share (%) 3Q15 Units 3Q15 Market Share (%) Android 327,674.0 87.8 300,133.2 84.7 iOS 43,000.7 11.5 46,062.0 13.0 Windows 1,484.4 0.4 5,874.4 1.7 BlackBerry 377.8 0.1 977.0 0.3 Others 755.5 0.2 1,133.6 0.3 Total 373,292.5 100.0 354,180.2 100.0 Source: Gartner (November 2016) About Gartner Gartner, Inc. (NYSE: IT) is the world’s leading information technology research and advisory company. The company delivers the technology-related insight necessary for its clients to make the right decisions, every day. From CIOs and senior IT leaders in corporations and government agencies, to business leaders in high-tech and telecom enterprises and professional services firms, to technology investors, Gartner is the valuable partner to clients in approximately 10,000 distinct enterprises worldwide. Through the resources of Gartner Research, Gartner Executive Programs, Gartner Consulting and Gartner Events, Gartner works with every client to research, analyse and interpret the business of IT within the context of their individual role. Founded in 1979, Gartner is headquartered in Stamford, Connecticut, USA, and has 8,300 associates, including more than 1,800 research analysts and consultants, and clients in more than 90 countries. For more information, visit www.gartner.com.     Author: Monika Donimirska Editor View all posts by Monika Donimirska Author Monika DonimirskaPosted on November 18, 2016November 18, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: Aussies Out of Pocket after Holiday Rule Breaking Next Next post: Rapid Loss 2016 Challenge Winner Announced Search for: Search Recent Posts Top Five Best Golf Balls Buyers Guide Advances Review List Released Unbiased Inbox Blueprint 2.0 Review Causes Worldwide Discussion, as Exclusive Bonus Introduced by Steve Baker Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor: Transgender Day of Remembrance Melbourne Moving Company pledges $10,000 to help domestic violence victims this December Emma Has A Dilemma, A New Children’s Book that Teaches Grammar to 4-8 Year Old Children, Hits the Online Market. Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 November 2013 September 2013 June 2013 March 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 July 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 April 2010 March 2010 August 2009 January 1970 Categories Satellite Space Flights Uncategorized VSAT Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Satellite Press Releases Proudly powered by WordPress
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight Trader Talk ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Hardware Technology Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity The Pulse @ 1 Market Apple is exploring moving iPhone production to the US: Report Arjun Kharpal | @ArjunKharpal Friday, 18 Nov 2016 | 5:07 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters <p>Apple may make iPhones in the USA: reports </p> <p>A major iPhone maker is considering the possibility of moving production of the smartphone to the United States, according to a report.</p> Apple may make iPhones in the USA: reports    Friday, 18 Nov 2016 | 10:32 AM ET | 05:30 A key iPhone maker is considering moving production of the smartphone to the United States, according to the Nikkei Asian Review. "Apple asked both Foxconn and Pegatron, the two iPhone assemblers, in June to look into making iPhones in the U.S.," the Nikkei Asian Review reported, citing a source. "Foxconn complied, while Pegatron declined to formulate such a plan due to cost concerns." Apple declined to comment when contacted by CNBC. However, Apple has long said the barrier to moving iPhone production to the U.S. is expertise, in addition to cost. "Foxconn follows a strict company policy of not commenting on any matters related to current or potential customers, or any of their products," a company spokesperson told CNBC via email. Taiwan-based Foxconn and Pegatron assemble iPhones in China. Getty Images An Apple employee hands over Apple iPhone 7 phones on the first day of sales of the new phone at the Berlin Apple store on September 16, 2016 in Berlin, Germany. The news comes following Donald Trump's victory in the presidential election. The Republican president-elect has been vocal about how U.S. companies should be building their products in America. "We're going to get Apple to build their damn computers and things in this country instead of in other countries," Trump said in a speech in January. He also said that he would slap a 45 percent import tariff on Chinese goods. Beijing hit back however. In an opinion piece published in a state-backed newspaper, the Chinese government warned that iPhone sales and other American goods could suffer if such a plan were to go through. "A batch of Boeing orders will be replaced by Airbus. U.S. auto and iPhone sales in China will suffer a setback, and U.S. soybean and maize imports will be halted. China can also limit the number of Chinese students studying in the U.S.," the Global Times article read. Manufacturing the iPhones abroad allows Apple to maintain a strong margin on its product. Apple is Foxconn's biggest customer but Chairman Terry Gou is worried about the rising production costs of such a move, the Nikkei reported, citing a source saying that costs will double. It's important to note that the discussions began in June, five months before Trump won the election. Analysts said it is still hard to quantify what such a move would mean for Apple's finances, but warned that there will be an impact. "If the world moves to a more nationalistic approach 'made in America, by Americans, for Americans' or 'made in China, by Chinese, for Chinese'? The unwind of these variable conditions will likely impact margins, growth and suppliers exposed to the globalization trend of the last decade. The same will likely make global tech a tougher place to invest in 2017," Neil Campling, head of global technology, media, and telecoms research at Northern Trust Capital Markets, said in a note on Friday. Read the full Nikkei Asian Review report here. Arjun KharpalTechnology Correspondent Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change AAPL --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Binge Filmmaker Ken Burns is scared of what he sees in Donald Trump By: Josh Ascher, CNBC producer Here’s what Steve Jobs had to give Ken Burns to create the 'Ken Burns' effect for iMovie The Ken Burns binge effect: Steve Jobs, Donald Trump and the birth of binge-watching    Ken Burns: The media gets Steve Jobs wrong    Steve Jobs once told Ken Burns he should ditch PBS because they weren’t paying him enough
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video Search Search Home Technology Smartphones Apple finally takes steps to fix iPhone 6 Plus 'Touch Disease' issue, reduces repair charges Apple has acknowledged the iPhone 6 Plus 'Touch disease' issue and slashed the repair charges by almost 50 percent. Rohit KVN   November 18, 2016 15:42 IST 1 Shares 1 Shares [Representational Image] Apple finally takes steps to fix iPhone 6 Plus ‘Touch disease’ issue, reduces repair charges. In Picture: A customer comparing Apple iPhones after purchasing one at the Apple Store on 5th Avenue in New YorkIBTimes After lying idle over the iPhone 6 Plus' display glitch for two months, Apple on Thursday finally acknowledged the issue and offered to repair them for lesser charge. In August, some Apple iPhone 6 Plus owners began complaining that their devices display flickers uncontrollably, whenever it is in on-mode. Why advertise with us? Related Microsoft partners Linux Foundation to encourage open source platform development OnePlus 3T to go on sale at O2 brick-and-more stores in UK next week Also read: Apple working on Snapchat's rival smart eye-gear with AR capability; will it be launched with iPhone 8? When the device's display issue was brought to the notice of Apple Care executives, they blamed the users and said that repeated dropping of the handset was the cause behind the flickering screen. Later, California-based iFixit, popularly known for its online repair guides for consumer electronics and gadgets, accused Apple for the mess, dubbed as the iPhone 6 Plus 'Touch Disease' on social media platforms. It found that the company had used low-grade controller chip and soldered to the logic board causing the top display to twitch. Despite the growing complaints, top Apple executives maintained a stony silence. To make things worse, most device owners, who bought the iPhone 6 Plus in 2014 could not apply for subsidised repair, as the company offers one year warranty on the product. And the few, who bought in late 2015 and 2016 with Apple Care subscription, was asked to pay a premium of $300 causing huge uproar in social media websites. Some even went a step ahead by filing a class action lawsuit against Apple in California's Northern District federal court, for the company's apathy on iPhone 6 Plus' display issue. Taking note of the severity of issue, Apple has finally broken the silence and revised the repair charge to $149. It has also offered to reimburse the equal amount for people who paid $300 for the service. "Apple will contact customers who may have paid for a service repair related to this issue either through Apple or an Apple Authorized Service Provider to arrange reimbursement," the company said in statement. People who haven't got call yet, are advised to contact Apple care or go to the store for more information. Also read New Google Earth, Trends Live Cases for Pixel phone series launched Amazon Black Friday 2016 sale details revealed Quick Links Apple Post Comment IBT TV Close Paralysed ALS patient uses computer to speak with her mind Why advertise with us? Latest News Update OnePlus One with Android Nougat via CyanogenMod CM 14.1 custom ROM 4 hours ago By Rohit KVN Apple iPhone 8 series tipped to boast upgraded dual-lens camera 7 hours ago By Rohit KVN Editor's Pick International Men's Day: The 10 Sexiest Men Alive of 2016 Is the iconic commercial aircraft Boeing 747 being retired? Why advertise with us? most popular When will Moto G4 and Moto G4 Plus get Android 7.0 Nougat update? Motorola has revealed the list of devices that will receive the Android 7.0 Nougat, and it includes Moto G4 and Moto G4 Plus. Moto Z and Moto Z on Verizon receive Android Nougat OS update; Moto G4 and Moto G4 Plus to follow suit You are in luck if you are a Moto Z and Moto Z Force owner in the US having subscribed to Verizon. Reliance Jio vs RCom: Unlimited calls, free national roaming, 4G data bundles drive competition RCom and Jio have started a tough war in the telecom industry. Android 7.0 Nougat development for Samsung Galaxy Note 5, Tab S2 begins Samsung will end the beta test of Android 7.0 Nougat by mid-December, hinting its official roll out would begin soon. HP tipped to launch new Windows 10 handset with Microsoft Lumia phone features Microsoft is reportedly to offering Nokia Lumia's display and camera technology to build HP's new Windows 10 Mobile OS-powered phone. Pokemon Go Gen 2 rumored to surface on December 7 An employee of Starbucks is rumoured to have leaked an internal memo that contains references to the release date of Pokemon Go Gen 2. Mark your calendar to officially witness Nokia Android phones in 2017 The new smartphones would be Android powered devices, which would be a first for Nokia as a brand. Lenovo to launch K6 series in India soon, hints teaser Lenovo is expected to either launch K6 Power or K6 Note in India in coming weeks. Photo Gallery Surprise visit by Salman Khan at Rajinikanth's 2.0 first look launch Surprise visit by Salman Khan at Rajinikanth's 2.0 first look launch. Amy Jackson, Director Shankar at 2.0 first look launch Amy Jackson, Director Shankar at 2.0 first look launch Home India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Health Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Apple > iWorld > iPhone FLASH SALE: SpyShelter Anti-Keylogger Premium      30% OFF! iPhone 8 Concept Envisions Curved, Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge-like Display GO Concept created based on speculation regarding iPhone 8 Nov 18, 2016 10:06 GMT  ·  By Bogdan Popa  ·  Share:  Rumor has it that Apple is planning a major overhaul of the iPhone next year when it celebrates the 10th anniversary of the device, and one of the upgrades is likely to be an OLED display that would extend from one edge to the other of the front fascia. While a no-bezel approach for the iPhone clearly makes sense since rivals are already doing it, Apple seems to be more inclined towards a regular OLED screen that could incorporate front-facing parts, while retaining small bezels. And a new concept created by AppleiDesigner and posted on YouTube by TechDesigns shows a possible version of this new iPhone, imagining not only OLED, but also a curved screen. It goes without saying that this feature is very similar to the one used by Samsung on the Galaxy S7 Edge, but the concept designer believes that such a feature would really make sense on the iPhone, although we’re not so sure Apple would agree with such an idea. New sizes? Just like expected, the concept envisions the traditional 4.7- and 5.5-inch displays, but at the same time, the designer also wanted to align his idea with the recent speculation, pointing out that the iPhone 8 could also come in 5.0 and 5.8-inch versions - rumor has it that Apple could offer bigger displays on the next iPhone generation, but at the same time retain almost the same dimensions by reducing bezels. Dual-camera systems are available on all versions this time, but this is very unlikely given that Apple still wants to make some features exclusive to the Plus. If we are to trust the rumor mill, Apple could go for a glass-based design on the iPhone 8, keeping the OLED screen exclusive to the Plus version. Expect more such rumors to see daylight in the coming months as we get closer to fall 2018 when the next iPhone is scheduled to launch, so it’s probably the best to take everything with a pinch of salt until then. Play Video   CHECK OUT THE GALLERY  (5 Images) #Apple#iPhone#iPhone 8#iPhone concept subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Photo Gallery (5 Images) 01 02 03 04 05 Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news iPhone 6 and 6 Plus “Touch Disease” Repairs Cost $149, Apple Says iPhones Fail More Often than Android, Overheating and Apps Top Reasons Apple Secretly Stores Your iPhone Call History, Russian Firm Warns The Donald Trump Effect: Apple Considering Moving iPhone Production to the US Michigan State University Hacked, Personal Info, Social Security Numbers Stolen New York Wants Donald Trump to Introduce Laws Forcing Apple to Hack iPhones Microsoft Xbox, PlayStation, Other Popular Twitter Accounts Hacked Kapustkiy Breaks into Indian Regional Council Server, 17,000 Users Exposed Microsoft Launches Windows Defender Hub for Windows 10 Michigan State University Hacked, Personal Info, Social Security Numbers Stolen New York Wants Donald Trump to Introduce Laws Forcing Apple to Hack iPhones Microsoft Xbox, PlayStation, Other Popular Twitter Accounts Hacked 5 photos    iPhone 8 concept new ios apps NeuroNation: Train your brain to improve your memory and focus with NeuroNation Flipagram: Create cool videos by mixing up your photos with music Timer+: Set up dozens of timers and control them all with ease Nutshell Camera: Create some pretty cool videos with Nutshell Camera IKEA Catalogue: Check out the IKEA Catalogue for more than just furniture Complete: Complete puts a social twist to your regular to-do list/ task manager WebMD Baby: WebMD Baby offers help in how to best tend to your baby Reader comments iPhone 6 and 6 Plus “Touch Disease” Repairs Cost $149, Apple Says more on: iPhone 6 touch disease i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2016 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
Please enable javascript for best view and rich features! Please Try again! Login / Register | Logout Gizmodo Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery Gizmodo X Login / Register | Logout Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery expand My New $2500 MacBook Pro Was DOA Alex Cranz | Gizmodo MediaNov 18, 2016, 04.04 AM IST FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit AppleImage Credit Image: Alex Cranz/Gizmodo Damn this new MacBook Pro. As of this very moment I've had the new 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar for just a few hours. It's small, sturdy, and typing my password in was pleasant enough. That Touch Bar looks really neat too, and when I set up Touch ID to login from the Touch Bar, I felt like I was in the future. But this $2500 worth of overpriced, hyper-engineered Apple laptop has now crashed 23 times-and 12 in the first hour I had this thing. The last 11 crashes occurred more sporadically because I spent the last hour and a half on three different calls with Apple in an effort to resolve the problem. I will say that the company's tech support personnel were very kind and contacting them was easy. You sign into your Apple account on the support website, answer a question, and a call is scheduled. The website had me run a few tests while Apple sets up the call, then your phone rings, and there's a very gracious member of tech support on the line. The first representative guided me through resetting my PRAM and arranged a callback. The computer crashed. Rep Two had me reinstall the OS. The computer crashed. Rep Three saw the detailed notes and immediately said I needed to speak to a MacBook Supervisor-whatever that is. I was placed on hold for ten minutes. The MacBook Supervisor took one look at the issue and put me in contact with the internet sales team. So tomorrow I will pack up my brand new MacBook Pro. It will not be hard, apart from keeping the device stable enough to remove all my personal information. The charger never even came out of its wrapper. The box is still sitting on top of its packaging on my bed, cellophane shining. I'll get a new MacBook Pro eventually. First, I have to ship Apple the old and wait for FedEx to tell Apple I've shipped it. Then Apple will "start building" me a new one. There is no guarantee of a ship date. Maybe December. Maybe earlier. This is standard operating procedure for Apple, and it makes sense for a company that deals in millions of phones every year. But a $2500 "custom built" laptop is a far cry from a $600 smartphone. The expectations are higher for that customer base. We expect things like a device that works out of the box-particularly when it's supposedly "custom built." If I'm spending $2500, and they're specially installing RAM and an i7 processor is it really too much to ask that they test the damn thing before it leaves the factory? There are plenty of smaller companies with cheaper products that do just that. Once upon a time the splurging for an Apple product felt worth it. You were paying for an outstanding operating system and a breezy computing experience, as well as the best tech support in the game. A new computer would have been shipped the moment the return label was created for the old one. Or they might have even encouraged a visit to an Apple Store, where a tech would have been able to physically repair the issue. Instead, my new "custom built" laptop arrived DOA. I'm not the only one with problems. While the new 13-inch MacBook Pro only started arriving in users' hands today the 15-inch had a few days head start, and numerous owners have flocked to the MacRumors forum to crow about "GPUGate." Those fancy and woefully underpowered video cards? Are creating some massive glitches on the display. Are you suffering from GPUGate? Did your shiny new laptop also come DOA? Shoot me an email at alex.cranz@gizmodo.com. I'd love to hear more. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit Tags: AppleMacBook Procrash report Follow Gizmodo on facebookLiketwitterFollowgplusFollow Contribute to Gizmodo Write for Us Next StoryAdidas' New Biodegradable Sneakers Are Made From Ultra-Strong Artificia... Comments () Characters Remaining: 3000 SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION X Sort By:NewestOldestDiscussedUp VotedDown Voted More from this author Your Unsecure Devices Contributed to a Huge Rise in Internet Outages This Year Google's VR Headset Is So Comfortable I Never Want to Take It Off Related stories How to watch today's Apple MacBook Pro launch live Apple Rolls Out 15" MacBook Pro with Force Touch and Cheaper iMac Retina The Cheapest Way to Buy the New MacBook Pro Apple's New MacBook Pro: Everything You Need to Know Rumors suggest new MacBook Pro finally arriving this month Royal rumble: The MacBook Pro vs the Surface Book i7 Personalized Recommendations Editor's Picks The XX Story: How this British Indie Pop Trio is bringing the electronic inside pop like nobody else How to transfer photos from an iPhone directly to a Flash Drive Xiaomi’s Mi Mix first impressions: Right out of Minority report Mi Sad: Xiaomi’s Mi Note 2 and Mi Mix not coming to India Addressing The Elephant In The Room: Is The Mi Note 2 Better Than The Galaxy Note 7? Mi Note 2 first impression: Xiaomi’s Galaxy Note 7, but better Hot Right Now Apple Will Fix 'Touch Disease' on Your iPhone for Just $150 Adidas' New Biodegradable Sneakers Are Made From Ultra-Strong Artificial Silk Fibers Elon Musk Says His Smart Solar Roof Could Cost Less Than Your Dumbass Regular Roof Amazon Now Sells Cars Bald Eagle Metaphor Ends Perfectly My New $2500 MacBook Pro Was DOA How to Use Siri to Find New Music 40,000 Definitely Real People Have Applied for Jobs on Donald Trump's Broken Website Authorities Just Shut Down What.CD, the Best Music Torrenting Community Engineer in New Jersey Train Crash May Have Had a Sleep Disorder  Like what you see? Keep up with the latest by following us on and subscribe to our Daily Newsletter Related Content Trending on social WhatsApp Video Calls coming today to Android, iOS and Windows Phone Google Pixel XL may be the best phone in the world and you don't know it Google Pixel XL may be the best phone in the world and you don't know it OnePlus's new flagship killer goes official: here's everything we know How to know if the ATM nearby has cash or not AdAge Unicorns #AdAgeUnicorns: The Mahesh Murthy Interview (Part 2) #AdAgeUnicorns: The Mahesh Murthy Interview (Part 1) #AdAgeUnicorns: The Mahesh Murthy Interview (Part 3) #AdAgeUnicorns: Prasoon Joshi, The Ad Man Learn at Coursera Master Business Fundamentals from Wharton Leadership and Business Skill for Immediate Impact Take Big Data from University of California San DiegoMore » HUFFINGTON POST The Good, The Bad And The Ugly Smartphone 'Fans' After Google Phone, We Might See Google Watches Freedom 251 Maker Launches LED TV For ₹9900 Times of India Technology Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus price details revealed, goes up to Rs 92,000 Apple slashes prices of iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus by up to Rs 22,000 WhatsApp privacy policy challenged in Delhi High Court: 5 things to know Apple iOS 10 surpasses iOS 9 in early adoption in just 24 hours Gadgets Now Shop Yu Yureka Plus - 16GB (Moondust Grey) ₹ 6499BUY13MP Cam, 2GB RAM Lava A97 4G VoLTE - 8GB (Black & Grey) ₹ 5199BUY5" Screen, 4G VoLTE LG K10 - 16GB (Blue) ₹ 12610BUY2GB RAM, 5.3" Screen About | Privacy | Write For Us | Contact | Authors | Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy | Gizmodo US | RSS TIMES GLOBAL PARTNERS Times Global Partners is an initiative focused on partnering with Established and Emerging Global Digital Companies for growing their presence and business in India through growth in their Brand, audience, adoption, distribution and monetization. Copyright @ 2016. Times Internet Limited. All rights reserved.For reprint rights. Times Syndication Service.
Articles Comments QR Code Press Mobile Commerce – Technology News – QRCode Home Press Release Mobile Commerce Headlines QR Code Press » Featured News, Tablet Commerce, Trends » Tablet market is taking a nose dive as shipments drop off Tablet market is taking a nose dive as shipments drop off November 18th, 2016 | Add a Comment 0000000 At the moment, Samsung and Apple are still holding the lead, but Amazon’s shipments are actually rising. Despite the fact that Samsung and Apple still dominate the tablet market, their sales growth has plummeted. At the same time that those electronic giants see sluggishness at best, Amazon’s tablet shipments have skyrocketed. Amazon saw four times more sales in the third quarter this year than it did at the same time in 2015. The online marketplace has managed to find strong growth in the tablet market that is otherwise falling rapidly. Still, Samsung and Apple are keeping hold of their top spot, says the International Data Corporation (IDC). The IDC’s figures show that globally, the tablet marketplace has been slowly chugging along. In the third quarter of the year, vendors shipped an estimated 43 million units. This was a slump of 14.7 percent compared to the same time the year before. Still, Amazon has gone in the exact opposite direction of the global tablet market trends. The company has managed to ship 3.1 million units of its own. This is significantly higher than the third quarter in 2015, when it shipped 800,000. Therefore, Amazon has seen a growth of 319.9 percent year over year. This has allowed the company to step into third place within the tablet mobile device market. Amazon’s share of this market is estimated to be 7.3 percent, said IDC’s figures. While this progress does sound astounding, there are some important factors to remember when looking at IDC’s data. For example, it did not take into consideration the Fire tablet’s 6-inch version’s sales in 2015, which may have reduced the appearance of the performance that year. Therefore, this will have made it look as though there was greater growth than there may have been throughout the last year. IDC did not include the 6-inch device at that time as it did not meet the study’s criteria at that time. As it was counted in the 2016 statistics, this added some significant weight to the way the company was appearing to perform within the tablet market. This was particularly true when taking the Prime Day sales results into account. Related Posts Amazon launches low cost Fire Tablet for t-commerce shot in the arm Amazon.com enters into tablet commerce collab with Baidu Tablet commerce is slowing for Apple’s iPad Android moves into iPad’s former territory with the help of Amazon’s Kindle Fire Amazon’s play in the tablet market Technology news report says Android tablet is about to take over Written by John Montgallo Filed under: Featured News, Tablet Commerce, Trends · Tags: Amazon fire, amazon fire tablet, amazon tablet, Apple tablet, Fire Tablet, ipad market, most popular tablets, samsung tablet, tablet market, tablet market share, tablet marketplace PLEASE, NO SPAM... Leave a Reply Cancel reply Name * Email * (will not be published) Website Get It – Hot Mobile Trends Newsletter! sending... Name E-mail Check us out on Facebook… Facebook Categories Augmented Reality Commercial Entertainment Industry Fashion/Art Featured News Gadgets Health Care Industry International Marketing Mobile Apps Mobile Commerce Mobile Commerce Security Mobile Marketing Mobile Payments Near Field Communications QR Codes Social Media Marketing Sports Tablet Commerce Technology News Travel Trends United States Pages About Us Authors Augmented Reality Contact Us Mobile Commerce Mobile Marketing Mobile Payments Mobile Security NFC Technology Press Release Social Media Marketing Tablet Commerce What is a QR Code Yop Poll Archive About QR Code Press and MCommerce Press Scan for our Facebook page We highlight the latest in the world of Mobile Commerce news so you can keep updated with the coolest technology available! Join us and explore the changes in how the world does business with new technology like Near Field Communications that enable mobile payments, Augmented Reality Apps, QR Code marketing techniques and Social Media marketing tactics. Learn from others how you can take your mobile marketing campaign to the next level by implementing successful mobile strategies. Enjoy and thanks for stopping by! © 2016 QR Code Press QRCodePress.com Win a Mogix Portable Battery Charger for your Phone & Tablet*!    -In our Monthly Giveaway- Subscribe to our email newsletter and automatically be entered to win… Sign-up and Enter. * indicates required field Name:* Email:* *Restrictions apply. See offer for details. ×
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Apple > iWorld > iPhone FLASH SALE: SpyShelter Anti-Keylogger Premium      30% OFF! iPhone 6 and 6 Plus “Touch Disease” Repairs Cost $149, Apple Says GO Apple finally acknowledges the issue and offers to fix it Nov 18, 2016 08:20 GMT  ·  By Andrei Vlad  ·  Share:  The first reports about issues with iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus emerged a few months ago when many owners claimed their smartphones were affected by display flickering or multi-touch problems. At that time, Apple did not comment anything on the matter, probably thinking that it wasn't a widespread problem. Furthermore, the display flickering issue has been attributed to the fact that some users have dropped their iPhones more than once, which is why their phones started having problems. Fast forward three months and Apple has decided that these issues aren't that isolated as it believed in the first place. Starting right now, owners of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus affected by the so-called “touch disease” effect can repair them at Apple. The company now offers to repair all those iPhones that present display flickering or multi-touch issues, but it turns out that these repairs won't come for free. Apple won't even touch your device without you paying $149, assuming your iPhone's display isn't cracked or broken. iPhone6 flickering issue “Apple has determined that some iPhone 6 Plus devices may exhibit display flickering or Multi-Touch issues after being dropped multiple times on a hard surface and then incurring further stress on the device. If your iPhone 6 Plus is exhibiting the symptoms noted above, is in working order, and the screen is not cracked or broken, Apple will repair your device for a service price of $149.” However, if you have already paid for a service repair related to this issue through Apple or another authorized service provider, you should immediately call the Cupertino-based company for a reimbursement. According to Apple, “the reimbursement amount will equal the difference between the price you paid for the original service to your iPhone 6 Plus and the $149 service price.” Those who want to fix their iPhone 6/6 Plus have three options: head to an Apple authorized service provider, Apple retail store, or via Apple technical support. Keep in mind that you won't be able to fix your iPhone at any of the carriers in your country.   CHECK OUT THE GALLERY  (2 Images) #iPhone 6 touch disease#iPhone 6 display issue#iPhone 6#touch disease#iPhone 6 Plus subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Photo Gallery (2 Images) 01 02 Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news Apple Asked to Investigate “Widespread” iPhone Bug Shutting Down Chinese Phones Apple Insider Says iPhone 6 Plus Has a Major Bug, Company Should Start Recall Apple iPhone 6 Plus Explodes in the Middle of the Night While Charging No Joke: There’s a Candle That Smells like a New Apple MacBook Michigan State University Hacked, Personal Info, Social Security Numbers Stolen New York Wants Donald Trump to Introduce Laws Forcing Apple to Hack iPhones Microsoft Xbox, PlayStation, Other Popular Twitter Accounts Hacked Kapustkiy Breaks into Indian Regional Council Server, 17,000 Users Exposed Microsoft Launches Windows Defender Hub for Windows 10 Michigan State University Hacked, Personal Info, Social Security Numbers Stolen New York Wants Donald Trump to Introduce Laws Forcing Apple to Hack iPhones Microsoft Xbox, PlayStation, Other Popular Twitter Accounts Hacked 2 photos    iPhone 6 and 6 Plus new ios apps NeuroNation: Train your brain to improve your memory and focus with NeuroNation Flipagram: Create cool videos by mixing up your photos with music Timer+: Set up dozens of timers and control them all with ease Nutshell Camera: Create some pretty cool videos with Nutshell Camera IKEA Catalogue: Check out the IKEA Catalogue for more than just furniture Complete: Complete puts a social twist to your regular to-do list/ task manager WebMD Baby: WebMD Baby offers help in how to best tend to your baby Reader comments iPhone 8 to Come with Significant Dual-Camera Upgrades more on: Apple i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2016 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Report: Apple considering making iPhones in US USA TODAY 2 days ago Eli Blumenthal Click to expand Replay Video New figures show bad news for Wells Fargo Embattled bank Wells Fargo announced this week that new account openings fell by 44 percent in the month October and new credit card applications have fallen by over 50 percent. New figures released show that foot traffic to branches is also down, with "branch banker interactions" down 22 percent from 2015. The figures come in the wake of a sales practice scandal that triggered multiple lawsuits, an enormous $185 million fine and the resignation of the company's longtime CEO John Stumpf. Wochit Business Amazon's new ad: A response to anti-Muslim rhetoric Amazon's latest commercial targets anti-Muslim rhetoric by highlighting commonalities between a priest and an imam. CNN Money 'Amityville Horror' house sells for $850,000 The house that inspired the 1979 horror film “The Amityville Horror” has reportedly been sold after a listing of $850,00. The 5,000 square-foot home, which was built in 1927, boasts five bedrooms, three-and-a-half bathrooms, a boathouse and a slip and supposedly, plenty of demons. According to real estate site Redfin, the seller bought the property back in 2010 for $950,000, way below the asking price $1.15 million. Wochit News PlayPause Seek i VolumeVolume VolumeMuteUnmute CC SETTINGS OFF HQ HD HQ SD LOFull ScreenExit Full Screen PlayPause VolumeVolume Apple mulls moving iPhone production to US, report says FOX News See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next New figures show bad news for Wells Fargo Wochit Business0:51 Amazon's new ad: A response to anti-Muslim rhetoric CNN Money1:03 'Amityville Horror' house sells for $850,000 Wochit News0:45 One man in Georgia might have been inflating chicken prices nationwide Newsy1:07 Lego opens its biggest store in the world in London The Wall Street Journal.1:08 5 tips to help you save this holiday season Entrepreneur2:46 Trump says he helped keep Ford plant from moving CNBC0:38 McDonald's CEO: We are modernizing your burger experience CNN Money3:13 Volkswagen shedding 30,000 jobs Wochit Business0:39 How Trump's policies will impact IPOs Bloomberg3:28 Yellen on Dodd-Frank: 'I wouldn't want to see the clock turned back' CNN Money2:36 Couple’s guide to collecting Social Security CNBC1:43 Alaska's pot businesses must pay taxes in cash Wochit Business0:43 Trump rode $5 billion in free media to the White House The Street0:59 South Africa game industry counts drought costs Reuters1:42 Trump's family matters: Mixing business, government Bloomberg2:38 UP NEXT An iPhone "Designed in California" and made in the USA? It could happen soon.  Quotes in the article Apple Inc AAPL ▲ 110.06 +0.11 +0.10% Hon Hai Precision Industry Co Ltd HNHPF ▼ 4.97 -0.29 -5.48% Pegatron Corp 4938 ▲ 73.80 +1.50 +2.07% Apple asked Asian-based manufacturers Foxconn and Pegatron in June to explore the possibility of manufacturing the popular smartphone in the U.S., according to a report in financial magazine Nikkei Asian Review, citing unnamed people familiar with the matter.  Foxconn agreed to look into the possibility though Pegatron declined over concerns that the cost of doing so would be too high, the report said.  The report comes one week after Donald Trump won the U.S. presidential election. While on the campaign trail in January, then-candidate Trump warned he would try to force Apple into manufacturing its products in the U.S. “We’re going to get Apple to build their damn computers and things in this country instead of in other countries,” he told a crowd a Liberty University in Lynchburg, Va.  That isn't all. As a candidate, Trump also called for a boycott of Apple when it didn't cave to the FBI's request to hack the iPhone of one of the San Bernardino, Calif., shooters. Apple declined to comment on the report, though it provided a statement about its efforts in the U.S.  “Apple is responsible for creating more than 2 million jobs across the United States, from engineers, retail and call center employees to operations and delivery drivers," the company said, citing a jobs creation link on its website. "We work with over 8,000 suppliers from coast to coast and are investing heavily in American jobs and innovation.”© Apple A worker inspects an iPhone at a final assembly facility in Zhengzhou, China. Bringing iPhone manufacturing to the U.S. could be seen as a big win for the President-elect, though at exactly what cost remains to be seen. Market researcher IHS Markit said it costs roughly $225 to build the 32GB iPhone 7, the cheapest new model Apple makes. It retails for $649. Although it may not sound like a lot, the phone is $36.89 pricier than last year's iPhone 6S, and that is with IHS factoring in $5 for manufacturing costs. Foxconn has similarly expressed concerns over cost, including from chairman Terry Gou. One unnamed source told Nikkei magazine that "making iPhones in the U.S. means the cost will more than double."   There is also the risk of Chinese push-back. Amid concerns over Trump vow to impose a 45% tax on all Chinese imports, Chinese state-backed paper Global Times published an op-ed saying China would respond "tit-for-tat," and that "US auto and iPhone sales in China will suffer a setback." If Apple does bring the iPhone to the U.S., it would not be the first product the company has manufactured domestically. While the company already builds a variety of parts for its iPhones, iPads, and Macs in the U.S., in 2013 the company notably announced that its updated Mac Pro computer would be assembled in the U.S.  Follow Eli Blumenthal on Twitter @eliblumenthal Go to MSN Home More in Companies Trump says Ford not moving US plant to Mexico Reuters Google, an Obama ally, may face policy setbacks under Trump Reuters Hundreds of O'Hare airport workers vote to strike Associated Press Snap IPO to test unicorn founder fortunes worth $31 billion Bloomberg Trump refiles lawsuit to lower taxes on D.C. hotel USA TODAY U.S. Supreme Court dismisses ATM fee antitrust cases Reuters Up Next Fiat Chrysler teams up with Amazon to sell cars online Reuters AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More From USA TODAY Thomas makes history by playing at age 55 USA TODAY College football's Week 12 winners and losers USA TODAY How Amway Coaches Poll top 25 fared in Week 12 USA TODAY Week 11 fantasy football chat: Sunday, noon ET USA TODAY USA TODAY View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
null
null
null
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video Surveillance camera compromised in 98 seconds Launch set for GOES-R satellite capable of 30-second weather updates Hyperloop One settles hangman lawsuit Three CEO confirms hack, 133,827 customers were exposed Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH AWS shines light on Virginia solar scheme EMC crying two SAN breakup tears HPE is creaming Dell in HPC Permabit pulls on Red Hat, opens arms for a Linux cuddle Windows cmd.exe deposed by PowerShell Microsoft ❤️ Linux? Microsoft ❤️ running its Windows' SQL Server software on Linux Mozilla launches 'privacy edition' Firefox... that phones home Alibaba misses Java seat as MicroProfile champ lands a first Surveillance camera compromised in 98 seconds Three to appear in court over TalkTalk hack Hackers' modular worm builder hoses popular team web chat apps Three Mobile, two alleged hackers, one big customer database heist The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Infrastructure as code: The road to continuous everything Microsoft's development platform today: What you need to know Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? Policy The Channel Hyperloop One settles hangman lawsuit Three CEO confirms hack, 133,827 customers were exposed Samsung flames out as Chinese march on Contracts trading personal data for digital content: Rights to remedy, redress required Why I just bought a MacBook Air instead of the new Pro Apple admits the iPhone 6 Plus has 'Touch Disease' Qualcomm taps Samsung to make next-gen 10nm Snapdragon Nokia's great lost smartwatch? #SavedYouALandfill SPB Geek's Guide Launch set for GOES-R satellite capable of 30-second weather updates Pluto has massive underground oceans, say astro-boffins Physicists have built the world's fastest quantum simulator NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things AI can now tell if you're a criminal or not Intel lays out its AI strategy until 2020 IoT upstart Sigfox gulps down €150m funding but falls short of target AI gives porn peddlers a helping hand Verity Stob Customer data security is our highest priori- ha ha ha whatever, suckers Here's how the missile-free Royal Navy can sink enemy ships after 2018 Searching for 'Fatty Kim the Third' banned on Chinese social media 'Post-truth' beats 'chatbot' to Word of the Year Crown More like this Apple Iphone 6 Plus Personal Tech 37 Apple admits the iPhone 6 Plus has 'Touch Disease' Offers cheap-ish fix for screens that lose touch with the real world 18 Nov 2016 at 07:33, Simon Sharwood Simon Sharwood Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Cloud, Security , Australia, Vmware, Microsoft Recent Articles User needed 40-minute lesson in turning it off and turning it on again Pluto has massive underground oceans, say astro-boffins Apple admits the iPhone 6 Plus has 'Touch Disease' Apple has admitted that the iPhone 6 has “Touch Disease”, a glitch that leaves the handset's touch screen inoperable. The problem surfaced in August when repair site iFixit diagnosed a problem with controller chips that lost electrical contact with the phablet's motherboard. Apple, as is its wont, remained silent … until Thursday US time when a Multi-Touch Repair Program for iPhone 6 Plus page appeared on its site. “Apple has determined that some iPhone 6 Plus devices may exhibit display flickering or Multi-Touch issues after being dropped multiple times on a hard surface and then incurring further stress on the device,” the page reads, before outlining a repair program. For US$149, Apple will fix the device provided the phone “is in working order, and the screen is not cracked or broken”. That's the same price as a new screen, but rather less than the $329 charged for out of warranty services. For owners who have already paid for repairs, Apple will refund the difference between the price of that service and the $149 deal offered under this program. Apple's copping a fair bit of criticism at the moment for not offering innovative new products. Its Watch has mostly tanked and the new MacBook Pro and its Touch Bar represents a rather smaller step forward than Microsoft's touchy Surface Studio workstation. But its devices have, of late, proven quite reliable: the company shrugged off ”Bendgate in the original iPhone 6. Subsequent models have largely escaped early reports of flaws. Apple's had a few heated moments along the way, but none to match Samsung's global recall of the Galaxy Note 7. Offering slightly-discounted services for a problem that comes along after “being dropped multiple times on a hard surface and then incurring further stress” might even look a bit generous, as might Apple's decision to keep the offer alive “for 5 years after the first retail sale of the unit.” ® Sponsored: Magic quadrant for enterprise mobility management suites Tips and corrections 37 Comments More from The Register Samsung Australia waves white phlag in phlaming phablet recall Call this number to sort things out - from some other phone Actually, yes, Samsung, you do have to pay Apple $120m Decade-long game of patent tennis nearly over 36 Comments Samsung chuckles, swerves around Apple's Q1 phone sales crash S7 propels chaebol 15 Comments Samsung off the hook as $120m Apple patent verdict tossed Not the 'rounded corners' verdict, the other stupid one 40 Comments Steve Jobs' thermonuclear showdown with Samsung reaches US Supreme Court Battle of rounded corners approaches $399m climax 19 Comments Adobe Australia drops SaaS tax dodge Will apply local sales taxes to cloud services from now on 8 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Public cloud guide When amazon Web Services oﬃcially launched in 2006 it was fulﬁlling a growing need for self-service computing. The dot-com era had come and gone. Securing Productivity in the Borderless Enterprise Before you transform your business with mobility services, you need to consider both the management and security challenges you’ll face from the combination of mobile devices and cloud-based apps. OpenStack brings agility to cloud platforms FICO needed an agile platform to provide its analytic cloud services to mid-sized businesses. Most read Three CEO confirms hack, 133,827 customers were exposed Why I just bought a MacBook Air instead of the new Pro Windows cmd.exe deposed by PowerShell Surveillance camera compromised in 98 seconds Hyperloop One settles hangman lawsuit Spotlight Virtual reality is actually made of smartphones Google may just have silently snuffed the tablet computer Brain plague or estate agents? I know which I'd prefer in Virtual Reality Self-stocking internet fridge faces a delivery come down The Facebook Fake News Moral Panic. Just a second... Customer data security is our highest priori- ha ha ha whatever, suckers NetApp's regeneration could be deep surgery or anti-wrinkle cream Facebook Telecom Infrastructure Project starts chucking rocks at mobile model Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
The Indian Express Nation World Opinion Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Home Compare News Mobile & Tabs Gadgets Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Tech News iPhones could be manufactured in US as Apple considers idea: Report iPhones could be manufactured in US as Apple considers idea: Report Apple iPhones may soon be made in US as Foxconn and Pegatron have been asked to look into this matter, according to reports. By: IANS | New York | Updated: November 18, 2016 3:33 pm For Apple, making of iPhones in the US will cost will more than double, according to sources. iPhones may soon be made in US as Apple has asked Foxconn and Pegatron to look into this possibility, reports said. According to Nikkei Asian Review, key Apple assembler Hon Hai Precision Industry, also known as Foxconn Technology Group, has been studying the possibility of moving iPhone production to the US. “Apple asked both Foxconn and Pegatron, the two iPhone assemblers, in June to look into making iPhones in the US Foxconn complied, while Pegatron declined to formulate such a plan due to cost concerns,” sources said. But the sources have said that making of iPhones in the US will cost will more than double. The general perception among Americans that they are losing manufacturing jobs to other countries overlaps the Apple’s ‘rumoured’ prospect move. President-elect Donald Trump referred to Apple multiple times during his campaign and vowed to slap a 45 per cent tariff on goods made in China. “We’re going to get Apple to build their damn computers and things in this country instead of in other countries,” Trump said at Liberty University in Virginia in January. Apple’s Chief Executive Tim Cook was quoted by CBS’ 60 Minutes programme in December 2015 that America simply did not have enough skilled workers for the production of iPhones. Read: Apple launches repair program for iPhone 6 Plus ‘touch disease’ issue “To make iPhones, there will need to be a cluster of suppliers in the same place, which the US does not have at the moment. Even if Trump imposes a 45 per cent tariff, it is still possible that manufacturers will decide to continue production overseas as long as the costs together with the tariffs are lower than the amount they need to spend on building and running production lines in the US,” sources familiar with the iPhone production process were quoted by Nikkei Asian Review. Sources said that to make iPhones, America will need US government to subsidise local companies for domestic productions. Tags: Apple Express TechIE Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Gionee S6 Xiaomi Mi 5 Best of Express 26/11 Stories of Strength presented by The Indian Express, Facebook & Instagram IndiaIndore Patna Express derails: Worst train accident in years kills 121; fractured rail likely cause IndiaPM Modi attacks Mamata Banerjee: 'Those who looted poor's chit fund money are raising finger at me' IndiaIndore Patna Express derailed: Make train journeys safe, PM Modi tells railway officials IndiaMy religion is nobody else's business, says CJI T S Thakur BusinessCentre-state stalemate over GST jurisdiction continues EntertainmentRajinikanth's 2.0 first look launch: I am the villain and Akshay is the hero, says Rajini EntertainmentAamir Khan attends Geeta Phogat's wedding, says Dangal is her gift, see inside pics EntertainmentBigg Boss 10 evicted contestant Karan feels Bani is highly misunderstood EntertainmentRajinikanth’s 2.0 first look launch: Akshay Kumar is up for battle of the year Must Read SportsIndia late show undoes England's defiance in Vizag SportsPV Sindhu wins China Open Series SportsSindhu 3rd Indian to win China Open: Twitter reacts TechnologyApple iPhone 8 to Samsung Galaxy S8: Top smartphones rumoured to launch with bezel-less design TechnologyBeware: WhatsApp group video-calling invite is a scam! TechnologySamsung Galaxy J3 (2017) to launch soon, suggest leaked press renders LifestyleParineeti Chopra, Sonakshi Sinha, Katrina Kaif: Bollywood belles in rocking style for Coldplay's Mumbai concert Nov 20: Latest News After hat trick, no one better than Cristiano Ronaldo at Madrid derby Pawar attacks Modi govt over demonetisation, bullet train project Opposition to meet on demonetisation tomorrow, Congress issues whip Yeh Hai Mohabbatein 20th November 2016 full episode written update: Raman and Vidyut are friends and Vidyut helps Raman to meet Ishita. Koffee With Karan Season 5: Varun Dhawan and Arjun Kapoor’s gay act steals the Karan Johar show                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2016 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Collapse Expand Home Shop News Reviews Features Opinions Photos Videos Gadget Guru Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Hubs Apple Android BlackBerry Google Microsoft Nokia Samsung Sony Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी Home Mobiles Mobiles News iPhone Manufacturing in the US Being Considered by Apple: Report  Ketan Pratap, 18 November 2016 Share on FacebookTweetShareShareEmailReddit Highlights Apple has asked Foxconn and Pegatron to explore manufacturing in the US Apple currently manufactures its iPhones in China Apple CEO earlier said that US didn't have skilled workers for production Apple is reportedly studying possibilities of moving iPhone production from China to the US. A new report by Japanese publication Nikkei Asian Review, which has had an excellent track record with Apple leaks, claims that the Cupertino-based company has asked two of its major manufacturers - Foxconn and Pegatron - to explore plans to move manufacturing to the US. Apple's move to studying the ideas to change its manufacturing base to the US is inspired by President-elect Donald Trump's previous pledge where he claimed that America-based companies will be pushed to manufacture at home instead of other countries. (Also see: What an iPhone Could Cost in Donald Trump's America) In its report, Nikkei Asian Review cites a person familiar with the matter as saying, "Apple asked both Foxconn and Pegatron, the two iPhone assemblers, in June to look into making iPhones in the US. Foxconn complied, while Pegatron declined to formulate such a plan due to cost concerns."On manufacturing the iPhones in the US, Apple's CEO Tim Cook had previously told CBS' 60 Minutes program that "America simply did not have enough skilled workers for the production of iPhones." Several Apple devices sport the 'designed in California' tag at the rear though the products are mostly made in China. Nikkei also quotes an industry executive familiar with the iPhone production process who also claimed that it would be difficult to produce the iPhones in large quantities in the US. "To make iPhones, there will need to be a cluster of suppliers in the same place, which the US does not have at the moment. Even if Trump imposes a 45 percent tariff, it is still possible that manufacturers will decide to continue production overseas as long as the costs together with the tariffs are lower than the amount they need to spend on building and running production lines in the US," executive told Nikkei. Another industry source told Nikkei, "It is not easy to make iPhones in America, unless the US government subsidises local companies for producing domestically." Some of the third-party suppliers that are major suppliers for Apple's iPhones include TSMC (Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co) which supplies chips for iPhones; Japan Display and Sharp supplies panels for iPhones, and SK Hynix and Toshiba supply memory chips for iPhones. Out of several suppliers, Sharp has been one of the companies that is ready to move manufacturing to the US while TSMC has been "clear that it would be much more expensive to make chips outside of Taiwan," according to Nikkei. At this moment, it isn't clear whether Apple has made its mind to start manufacturing in the US though if this turns out to be true then we might see increase in iPhone prices in future. Tags: Apple, Mobiles, iPhones, TSMC, Foxconn Ketan PratapEmail Ketan Ketan Pratap covers daily news and rumours at Gadgets 360. He attended IIMC (Indian Institute of Mass Communication), majoring in English Journalism. Ketan is a ... More No Galaxy Note 7-Related Incidents in India, Clarifies Samsung Demonetisation: What Bill Gates Said About PM Narendra Modi's Move iPhone Manufacturing in the US Being Considered by Apple: Report MESSAGE Ketan Pratap Fields marked with * are mandatory From: *   Email:   Message: *   2000             Advertisement   In Mobiles and Tablets Latest Huawei Mate 9 Lite Vivo Xplay6 Vivo X9 Plus Vivo X9 Lyf Wind 7i OnePlus 3T Gionee S9 Vivo V5 Huawei Mate 9 Pro HTC Bolt Hyve Pryme Panasonic P71 Zopo Color F2 Motorola Moto M Lyf F8 Asus ZenFone 3 Max (ZC553KL) General Mobile GM5 Xiaomi Redmi 4A Xiaomi Redmi 4 Prime Xiaomi Redmi 4 Popular iPhone 7 Google Pixel Google Pixel XL Motorola Moto Z Moto Z Play Lenovo K5 Note Xiaomi Redmi 3s HTC 10 OnePlus 3 Moto G4 Xiaomi Mi5 Galaxy J7 2016 Redmi Note 3 iPhone SE Sony Xperia Z5 Micromax phones Samsung phones Android Phones Smartphones Google Phones From Gadgets 360 Shop » Yu Yureka Plus In Mobiles Buy Now Rs. 12,500Rs. 6,389 Panasonic Eluga Turbo In Mobiles Buy Now Rs. 13,999Rs. 7,999 Celkon Millennia Q599 Ufe... In Mobiles Buy Now Rs. 3,299 Moto G Turbo Edition In Mobiles Buy Now Rs. 14,499Rs. 9,549 OPINIONSALL AUTHORS Gopal Sathe UPI Could Help With the Cash Crunch - So Why Is No One Using It? Akhil Arora FIFA 17 The Journey: Why, EA Sports, Why? Kunal Dua MacBook Pro 2016 Is the Touchscreen Mac You've Always Wanted Advertisement Recent Free Wi-Fi in Bihar Colleges to Be Only for Studies, Not 'Other Purposes' These Students 'Fixed' Facebook's Fake News Problem in 36 Hours HP Rumoured to Launch Another Windows Phone Smartphone in 2017 LeEco and Coolpad Could Soon Launch ‘Cool' Smartphone With 6GB of RAM Nokia Confirms 2017 Return to Smartphones; Android Phones Launch at MWC? Datawind Launches Manufacturing Facility in Hyderabad Pokemon Sun and Pokemon Moon Now Available in Japan, US, and Australia Huawei Unveils the Mate 9 Lite With Dual-Lens Camera Get Up to Rs. 23,000 Cashback if You Buy iPhone and iPad on the Same Day This Possible Nintendo Switch Launch Game Sounds Absolutely Bizarre More News TRENDING Looking for an ATM Near You With Cash? These Apps and Websites Can Help OnePlus 3T, Vivo V5, WhatsApp Video Calling, and More News This Week Vivo V5 With 20-Megapixel Front Camera, Front Flash Launched in India The Best Smartphones Under Rs. 20,000 Vivo V5 First Impressions How to Get WhatsApp Video Calling Right Now Get Up to Rs. 23,000 Cashback if You Buy iPhone and iPad on the Same Day OnePlus 3T With Snapdragon 821 SoC, 128GB Storage Launched What Is Paytm Wallet, and How to Use It? People Went Crazy About This 'Anti-Smartphone'. Then This Happened. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2016. All rights reserved.
Home Industry Tech Google, an Obama ally, may face policy setbacks under Trump Google, an Obama ally, may face policy setbacks under Trump Google had close ties with Obama's administration, and its employees donated much more to Hillary Clinton than to Trump. By: Reuters | Published: November 18, 2016 12:25 PM Cable companies have expressed concerns that rivals like Google or Apple could create devices or apps and insert their own content or advertising in cable content Alphabet Inc’s Google faces a tougher regulatory landscape as U.S. President-elect Donald Trump’s incoming administration looks poised to reverse Obama administration policies that often favored the internet giant in the company’s battles with telecoms and cable heavyweights, analysts say. Google had close ties with outgoing Democratic President Barack Obama’s administration, and its employees donated much more to defeated Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton than to the Republican Trump. In the most concrete sign yet that the tech policy balance may be tipping in favor of telecom firms ahead of Trump’s presidency, the U.S. Federal Communications Commission on Wednesday halted action on contentious regulatory reform measures opposed by companies such as AT&T Inc and CenturyLink Inc. In addition, the commission is now expected to reject FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler’s high-profile proposal to open up the $20 billion market for rented pay-TV set-top boxes, according to two people with knowledge of the matter. That measure would have dealt a big blow to cable companies and created an opening for firms such as Google and Apple Inc. Obama had thrown his support behind the initiative, a move AT&T decried as an improper intervention on behalf of what it called a “Google proposal.” “Google has been much more actively involved in this than Apple has,” said Jan Dawson, analyst at Jackdaw Research. “I’m not sure it’s critical to Google’s business at all that it be allowed to provide these next generation set-top boxes, but there was a business opportunity there.” Cable companies have expressed concerns that rivals like Google or Apple could create devices or apps and insert their own content or advertising in cable content. The FCC’s moves came a day after Republican lawmakers urged Wheeler, a Democrat, to avoid any contested regulations in the waning days of the Obama administration, saying new rules would be subject to review by the incoming Republican-led Congress and Trump’s administration and “could create confusion if reversed.” “The question is how far will the pendulum swing back” in favor of telecom companies, said Hal Singer, senior fellow at the George Washington Institute of Public Policy. “It has swung in Google’s direction under the FCC and Chairman Wheeler.” Among other regulations, Trump’s Nov. 8 election has increased the chances that Obama’s net neutrality rules, adopted by the FCC in early 2015, could be rolled back, analysts said. Most Republicans strongly oppose net neutrality, which requires internet service providers to treat all data equally and bars them from obstructing or slowing down consumer access to web content. The rules were a victory for internet firms like Google and Netflix Inc that have advocated an open internet. Jimmy Schaeffler, telecom industry consultant at the Carmel Group, said that “the bottom line is that things will change and there will be less optimism among and fewer opportunities” for companies like Google that do not own the internet networks. “That’s going to impede their success and those that rely on what they do,” Schaeffler added. Republicans in Congress or at a Republican-controlled FCC under a Trump administration could also pare back new privacy rules adopted in October that subject internet service providers to stricter rules than those faced by Google and other websites. Since Trump’s victory, Alphabet shares have fallen 2.4 percent, Netflix shares have dropped 5.9 percent and Amazon shares are down 2 percent. AT&T Inc and Verizon Communications Inc shares have been relatively unchanged, while Comcast Corp shares have soared 7.7 percent. Google did not respond to requests for comment. EXTENSIVE TIES During Obama’s presidency, more than 250 people moved between jobs at Google or related firms and the federal government, national political campaigns and Congress, according to a report this year by the Campaign for Accountability watchdog group’s Google Transparency Project. Eric Schmidt, Alphabet’s executive chairman, was seen at Clinton’s Election Night party wearing a staff badge in a widely circulated photo. In the stolen and leaked emails of Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta disclosed by WikiLeaks, an adviser wrote a memo to Clinton in 2014 that said “working relationships with Google, Facebook, Apple, and other technology companies were important to us in 2012 and should be even more important to you in 2016, given their still-ascendent positions in the culture.” “We have begun having discreet conversations with some of these companies to get a sense of their priorities for the coming cycle,” the adviser wrote. Telecoms and cable companies have accused Wheeler of favoring Google at the expense of cable companies. Responding to the criticism, Wheeler said in May: “I hear that allegation, and I scratch my head. I don’t get that charge.” “Certainly the sort of cozy relationship that Google enjoyed with the Obama administration is not going to continue with Trump,” Jackdaw Research’s Dawson added. Some analysts and former Google lobbyists noted that the company similarly faced a set of challenging regulatory dynamics when it opened its Washington office in 2005, with Republicans controlling the White House and both houses of Congress and the young tech firm widely perceived to have a liberal bent. “They have a tailwind (in the Obama administration), and that does end now,” a former Google employee at the company’s Washington office said. “But I think in the long run Google is going to be just fine in Washington. In many ways, its whole operation was built just for moments like this.” Please Wait while comments are loading... Trending Now Cigarettes worth Rs 6 cr stolen in Visakhapatnam Akshay Kumar is the hero in '2.0', says Rajnikanth Sharad Pawar attacks Modi govt over demonetisation, bullet train project PM Narendra Modi speech: Top 5 key takeaways Rajinikanth most amazing man, have lot of respect for him: Salman Khan WB Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee flays PM Narendra Modi over chit fund 'scam' charge People crave more for Wi-Fi than sex, chocolate, alcohol: Study Sania Mirza shares heartwarming message on her sister’s wedding Little respite for Delhi on Sunday: Banks shut, ATMs dry Robot 2.0 first look: Rajinikanth, Akshay Kumar launch first look poster of Shankar's upcoming sequeal Patna-Indore train accident: Journey to attend wedding turns nightmare for Bhopal family  EDITOR’S PICKS MSDE to seek Cabinet nod to set up ITIs in 2,500 blocks Mastercard, Visa hail government's demonetisation move Infosys chief Narayana Murthy rues Americans failure to ink history through Hillary Clinton Thippagondanahalli tragedy: Missing actor Raghav Uday's body found Barack Obama campaigns for Hillary Clinton, for the last time as a President US Presidential Elections: Voters say they might leave America if 'lunatic, racist, anti-national' Donald Trump wins US presidential elections: Here's what will happen in Congress especially if Hillary Clinton wins Lady Gaga calls Melania Trump’s anti-bullying campaign ‘hypocrisy’ Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Markets Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Gallery Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe             TRENDING ON BS #Demonetisation #TataVsMistry #TrumpAtWhiteHouse News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-IANS » Business-Economy Your ATM machine may be full of germs Kargil touches minus 9.2, coldest in J&K Business Standard 'Made in America' iPhones on cards: Report IANS  |  New York  November 18, 2016 Last Updated at 11:18 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2TJEboW Copy tiny URL to save and share articles. ALSO READ Weak opening on the cards A flat opening on the cards Higher opening on the cards Flat opening on the cards A flat opening on the cards iPhones may soon be made in US as Apple has asked Foxconn and Pegatron to look into this possibility, reports said. According to Nikkei Asian Review, key Apple assembler Hon Hai Precision Industry, also known as Foxconn Technology Group, has been studying the possibility of moving iPhone production to the US. "Apple asked both Foxconn and Pegatron, the two iPhone assemblers, in June to look into making iPhones in the US Foxconn complied, while Pegatron declined to formulate such a plan due to cost concerns," sources said. But the sources have said that making of iPhones in the US will cost will more than double. The general perception among Americans that they are losing manufacturing jobs to other countries overlaps the Apple's 'rumoured' prospect move. President-elect, Donald Trump referred to Apple multiple times during his campaign and vowed to slap a 45 per cent tariff on goods made in China. "We're going to get Apple to build their damn computers and things in this country instead of in other countries," Trump said at Liberty University in Virginia in January. Apple's Chief Executive Tim Cook was quoted by CBS' 60 Minutes programme in December 2015 that America simply did not have enough skilled workers for the production of iPhones. "To make iPhones, there will need to be a cluster of suppliers in the same place, which the US does not have at the moment. Even if Trump imposes a 45 per cent tariff, it is still possible that manufacturers will decide to continue production overseas as long as the costs together with the tariffs are lower than the amount they need to spend on building and running production lines in the US," sources familiar with the iPhone production process were quoted by Nikkei Asian Review. Sources said that to make iPhones, America will need US government to subsidise local companies for domestic productions. --IANS qd/sm (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On 'made In America' Iphones On Cards: Report PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Punto Evo - With Cash Benefits upto ? 60,000. Know More. T&C Buy New Age Health Insurance with Added Benefits New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Fiat Linea - 125PS Power &TouchScreen Navigation System.T&C. Intelligent Retail of the Future Enjoy Free Stock Trading with Upstox Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Super Saver Health Insurance for Whole Family Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? 'Made in America' iPhones on cards: Report iPhones may soon be made in US as Apple has asked Foxconn and Pegatron to look into this possibility, reports said. iPhones may soon be made in US as Apple has asked Foxconn and Pegatron to look into this possibility, reports said. According to Nikkei Asian Review, key Apple assembler Hon Hai Precision Industry, also known as Foxconn Technology Group, has been studying the possibility of moving iPhone production to the US. "Apple asked both Foxconn and Pegatron, the two iPhone assemblers, in June to look into making iPhones in the US Foxconn complied, while Pegatron declined to formulate such a plan due to cost concerns," sources said. But the sources have said that making of iPhones in the US will cost will more than double. The general perception among Americans that they are losing manufacturing jobs to other countries overlaps the Apple's 'rumoured' prospect move. President-elect, Donald Trump referred to Apple multiple times during his campaign and vowed to slap a 45 per cent tariff on goods made in China. "We're going to get Apple to build their damn computers and things in this country instead of in other countries," Trump said at Liberty University in Virginia in January. Apple's Chief Executive Tim Cook was quoted by CBS' 60 Minutes programme in December 2015 that America simply did not have enough skilled workers for the production of iPhones. "To make iPhones, there will need to be a cluster of suppliers in the same place, which the US does not have at the moment. Even if Trump imposes a 45 per cent tariff, it is still possible that manufacturers will decide to continue production overseas as long as the costs together with the tariffs are lower than the amount they need to spend on building and running production lines in the US," sources familiar with the iPhone production process were quoted by Nikkei Asian Review. Sources said that to make iPhones, America will need US government to subsidise local companies for domestic productions. --IANS qd/sm (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 'Made in America' iPhones on cards: Report iPhones may soon be made in US as Apple has asked Foxconn and Pegatron to look into this possibility, reports said. According to Nikkei Asian Review, key Apple assembler Hon Hai Precision Industry, also known as Foxconn Technology Group, has been studying the possibility of moving iPhone production to the US. "Apple asked both Foxconn and Pegatron, the two iPhone assemblers, in June to look into making iPhones in the US Foxconn complied, while Pegatron declined to formulate such a plan due to cost concerns," sources said. But the sources have said that making of iPhones in the US will cost will more than double. The general perception among Americans that they are losing manufacturing jobs to other countries overlaps the Apple's 'rumoured' prospect move. President-elect, Donald Trump referred to Apple multiple times during his campaign and vowed to slap a 45 per cent tariff on goods made in China. "We're going to get Apple to build their damn computers and things in this country instead of in other countries," Trump said at Liberty University in Virginia in January. Apple's Chief Executive Tim Cook was quoted by CBS' 60 Minutes programme in December 2015 that America simply did not have enough skilled workers for the production of iPhones. "To make iPhones, there will need to be a cluster of suppliers in the same place, which the US does not have at the moment. Even if Trump imposes a 45 per cent tariff, it is still possible that manufacturers will decide to continue production overseas as long as the costs together with the tariffs are lower than the amount they need to spend on building and running production lines in the US," sources familiar with the iPhone production process were quoted by Nikkei Asian Review. Sources said that to make iPhones, America will need US government to subsidise local companies for domestic productions. --IANS qd/sm (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2015 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Elections 2016 Assam Elections Kerala Elections Tamil Nadu Elections West Bengal Elections Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Photos Video Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Classifieds Subscribe Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Most Popular 46,908 Trump's scandal-free son-in-law crosses aisle into his presidency Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Business Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Apple reportedly mulls moving iPhone production to US By Fox News View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) November 18, 2016 | 1:55am | Updated November 18, 2016 | 12:51pm Modal Trigger Photo: Getty Images Originally Published By: Could Apple start making iPhones in the United States? According to a report from the Nikkei Asian Review, the Cupertino, California-based company requested that Foxconn and the other iPhone manufacturer explore moving their smartphone production stateside. “Apple asked both Foxconn and Pegatron, the two iPhone assemblers, in June to look into making iPhones in the US,” a source told Nikkei. “Foxconn complied, while Pegatron declined to formulate such a plan due to cost concerns.” But the change wouldn’t come cheaply, according to the report. “Making iPhones in the US means the cost will more than double,” Nikkei’s source said. President-elect Donald Trump has said he wants Apple to move manufacturing to the United States, and he has also called China a “currency manipulator” and said he would impose tough trade tariffs on their exports. A Chinese publication, the Global Times, recently warned that a trade war between the two countries would, among other things, harm iPhone sales in China. “US auto and iPhone sales in China will suffer a setback, and US soybean and maize imports will be halted” should there be a 45 percent tariff on Chinese exports to America, the Global Times said. “China can also limit the number of Chinese students studying in the US.” Apple declined to comment on the Nikkei story. “Apple is responsible for creating more than 2 million jobs across the United States, from engineers, retail and call center employees to operations and delivery drivers,” an Apple spokesman said in an email to Foxnews.com. “We work with over 8,000 suppliers from coast to coast and are investing heavily in American jobs and innovation.” Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy This article originally appeared on Fox News. Filed under apple ,  china ,  iphone ,  manufacturing Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Walmart has another bad quarter, thanks to food deflation Read Next Walmart has another bad quarter, thanks to food deflation Most Popular This Week 1 Did this astronaut warn of aliens before attempting suicide? 2 'I came here to kill you': Cop-killer stalked family for days 3 Trump may not be able to work in the Oval Office for over a year 4 Melania Trump's girl-on-girl photos from racy shoot revealed 5 VP-elect Mike Pence booed at 'Hamilton' 6 The one scenario that could still get Hillary into the White House Share Selection Trending Now on NYPost.com Now On The Obamas are going bicoastal Kanye pulls a Kanye with rant-filled concert cut short Even Emma Stone gets excited when Ryan Gosling texts her SEE ALL Video :42 Street fight gets crazier when a car smashes through a storefront More Stories pagesix Mariah Carey shuts down settlement talks with ex-fiancé Now On Decider Jon Stewart Calls Liberals Hypocrites For Saying Trump Voters Are Racist nypost Melania and Barron Trump won’t be moving to the White House New York Post Twitter Facebook Instagram Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Twitter Facebook Instagram Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2016 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly NY Post Never Miss a Story Get The Post delivered directly to your inbox NY Post Morning Report Page Six Daily Breaking News Special Offers Email Sign Up By clicking above you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. X Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 1 Awesome New Feature Coming to Apple Inc.'s iPhone 8 The tech titan is going to be improving upon one of the big selling points of this year's iPhone 7 Plus with next year's iPhone models. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Nov 17, 2016 at 9:19PM With the iPhone 7 Plus, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) introduced a dual-lens camera subsystem, enabling features such as optical zoom and a simulated bokeh depth-of-field effect. Interestingly, although the primary lens in the dual-lens subsystem includes a feature known as optical image stabilization, the secondary lens does not. Image source: Apple.  This means that image quality can suffer in photos and videos produced by both lenses compared to those produced by just the primary lens. Per KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo (via MacRumors), this is set to change with next year's dual-lens bearing iPhone models. Optical image stabilization for both lenses Kuo expects that the secondary camera in next year's dual-lens iPhone models will have optical image stabilization on both the primary and secondary lenses. That change, Kuo says, could lead to enhanced image quality as well as a greater range for the optical zoom feature (the iPhone 7 Plus only supports 2X optical zoom). It's clear from Kuo's note why Apple didn't include this feature on this year's model -- significant technical challenges. Kuo argues that the secondary lens will need to be redesigned to support optical image stabilization. Furthermore, he outlined two major challenges that Apple will face in trying to add this technology to the second lens. First, Kuo says, Apple will need to "increase the image circle of the telephoto lens, which will lead to longer calibration time and a more complex assembly processes [sic]." Next, he argues, Apple will need to develop a "redesign of the telephoto lens, as an increased image circle will result in degraded photo quality around the corners." Although this stuff sounds daunting, it's important to remember that Apple has dramatically ratcheted up its research and development spending over the last several years. This means, at the very least, Apple should have the brainpower and the budget to get it done. Will this be a game changer? Based on comments from Apple CEO Tim Cook, Apple appears to have underestimated the demand that it would see for its iPhone 7 Plus smartphones. Indeed, demand so outweighs supply at this point that Cook couldn't confidently tell investors that the company would exit the current quarter having achieved supply to-demand balance on the iPhone 7 Plus smartphones. Clearly there's something that consumers like about this year's larger iPhone model. I'd wager that the inclusion of a dual-lens camera this time around was a significant contributor to the relatively robust demand that Apple is enjoying for the iPhone 7 Plus. The good news is that by making an already compelling feature even better, Apple will, as Kuo says, "enhance the selling points of next year's new iPhone." Offsetting that, though, will be a couple of factors. Firstly, the jump from a single-lens camera to a dual-lens camera is likely much more impressive to the general consumer than a move from a good dual-lens camera to a better one. Apple's marketing teams must do a good job of trying to convince the average consumer that the improvements that it makes generation-over-generation are a big deal. Next, it is likely that dual-lens cameras will become much more commonplace on competing flagship smartphones next year. In addition to highlighting to consumers how the iPhone 8's dual-lens camera system is better than the one found on last year's iPhone, Apple will also need to make sure its implementation is superior to those from its major competitors (and, if possible, market that superiority). That being said, Apple likely has other major changes in store for next year's iPhone models, so it's unlikely to rely solely on an improved dual-lens camera as a major selling point.  Ashraf Eassa has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Nov 17, 2016 at 9:19PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $110.06 up $0.11 (0.10%) Read More Apple Might Introduce OLED iPhones Earlier Than Expected Apple Inc. May Be Using This New Tech in iPhone 8 This Threat to Intel Corporation Probably Isn't Real Better Buy: Microsoft Corporation vs. Apple Inc. Why Apple Inc.'s "Modem Gate" Doesn’t Matter Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Ya Libnan Lebanon News and World News Live from Beirut Featured News Lebanon News World News Opinion Business News Arts & Culture Sci & Tech Video Apple may shift iPhone production from China to U.S., but move may prove difficult, costly November 18, 2016 by yalibnan Leave a Comment President-elect Donald Trump really wants Apple to move its iPhone production to the U.S. And he may be happy to learn that Apple is considering it, according to a published report. In June, Apple asked two of its chief iPhone manufacturers, Foxconn Technology Group and Pegatron, to explore shifting their iPhone production to the U.S., the Nikkei is reporting, citing an unidentified source who claims to have knowledge of the talks. Pegatron ultimately declined to pursue the idea because of fear of “cost concerns,” the source told Nikkei. But Foxconn continues to weigh it, the source said. Apple gets iPhone components from all over the world, but relies on Pegatron and Foxconn to manufacture the smartphone in China in part because of cheaper labor. That reduced cost has been a boon for Apple, which sells hundreds of millions of iPhones annually and generates billions of dollars in profits on those sales each quarter. Apple’s AAPL -0.11% success didn’t go unnoticed by President-elect Donald Trump, who in March voiced concerns the iPhone maker’s reliance on China. He said during a speech that he would “get Apple to start making their computers and their iPhones on our land, not in China.” Trump this year also called for a boycott of Apple products after the company declined to provide the FBI with a method for unlocking an iPhone used by San Bernardino terrorist Syed Farook. Trump has also said that he would slap China with expensive tariffs on its goods and accused it of being a “currency manipulator.” While Trump’s comments were viewed merely as rhetoric earlier this year, his election has caused many to question whether he could make good on his promise. Earlier this week, the Chinese government published an editorial through state-run Global Times warning of the possibility of Trump ruining “Sino-U.S. trade.” The editorial specifically cited Apple’s iPhones as a potential victim in that possible trade war. “China will take a tit-for-tat approach then,” the Global Times said in its editorial. “A batch of Boeing orders will be replaced by Airbus. U.S. auto and iPhone sales in China will suffer a setback, and U.S. soybean and maize imports will be halted. China can also limit the number of Chinese students studying in the U.S.” While it’s unclear why Apple asked its manufacturing partners to explore building iPhones in the U.S., the company could be coming to the realization that it might not make sound financial sense to move to the U.S. According to one Nikkei source, moving iPhone production from China to the U.S. would “more than double” what Apple pays now to have its iPhones manufactured. That comment follows similar statements that industry experts made this week in interviews with The Wall Street Journal. According to the Journal, those experts, including Sanford C. Bernstein’s Alberto Moel, say it’s possible that Apple would move iPhone manufacturing to the U.S., but the effort would be exceedingly difficult, costly, and take a considerable amount of time. The chances, then, are slim. Still, Apple does do some manufacturing in the U.S. That includes the company’s high-end desktop computer, the Mac Pro, while nearly all of its research-and-development efforts are done in its home country. Apple declined to comment on the Nikkei report. Foxconn and Pegatron did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Fortune Filed Under: Business News Featured News Conservative front-runner in French race draws comparisons to Clinton Syrian government refuses UN truce terms for Aleppo Assad loyalists kill at least 61 civilians during 5th attack on Aleppo Videos Show Airstrikes Hitting Aleppo Hospitals Lebanon News Lebanon celebrates the flag day Why is Hezbollah involved in Peru’s violence? Hezbollah Stirs Controversy with Military Parade in Syria No white smoke yet. Cabinet formation facing major hurdles World News Georgia Lawmaker Withdraws Anti-Hijab Bill After Backlash Trump’s pick for national security adviser brings controversy Brazil: Ex-Rio governor arrested in corruption investigation Trump’s First Planned Meeting With a Foreign Leader Is a Complete Mess Opinion The emergency in Aleppo We must show solidarity with Muslim-Americans in face of Trump’s fear-mongering Despicable Balfour: A story of betrayal part 2 Despicable Balfour: A story of betrayal Business News Massive cyberattack hits five top Russian banks: REPORT What Trump’s Presidency May Mean for Investors What the U.S. election means for the markets Galaxy Note 7 Recall Sinks Samsung Profit Arts & Culture British tourist who claimed she was raped in Dubai is charged with extramarital sex Stephen Colbert congratulates Trump cartoon. The real victor is Vladimir Putin Eye for an eye? Iranian thug blinded for throwing acid in 4-year-old girl’s face Scientists finally discovered that humans have souls which can live forever after death Science & Technology Apple Developing Car Operating System in Canada Apple has given up building a car. Will focus on developing a self-driving car system Samsung halts production of Galaxy Note 7, tells consumers to stop using it Clueless iPhone 7 owners tricked into drilling a hole in their phones to ‘get a headphone jack’ Recent Comments Copyright © 2016 Ya Libnan
NEWS National Sports Lifestyle & Entertainment Business International Editor's Picks Snippets Lahore Karachi Islamabad OPINION Editorials Columns Mailbox Multimedia News In Pictures Cartoons Print Edition Today's Paper E-PAPER Blogs Read All Blogs Write For Us Nawaiwaqt Group Nawaiwaqt Newspaper Waqt News TV Family Magazine Phool Magazine Nidaimillat Magazine Sunday Magazine Weekend Young Nation Articles eMag October Reign Sunday | November 20, 2016 NEWS National Sports Lifestyle & Entertainment Business International Editor's Picks Snippets Lahore Karachi Islamabad OPINION Editorials Columns Mailbox Multimedia News In Pictures Cartoons Videos Editor's Picks Featured Newspaper Picks Print Edition Today's Paper E-Paper Blogs Read All Blogs Write For Us Connect with us   Facebook Twitter Google Plus RSS Youtube     Follow @the_nation   Latest Nov 20, 10:37 pm Politicians, literati call for state to come hard on extremists Nov 20, 10:11 pm 12 snow boots you'll actually *want* to wear this winter Nov 20, 09:50 pm Minister visits residence of A Nayyar, offers condolences Nov 20, 09:31 pm Pakistan will become polio free by end of this year: Kearney Nov 20, 09:23 pm Indian spinners hurt England's chase in 2nd Test Nov 20, 09:15 pm Rich world angst about foreigners threatens refugee aid: UN refugee chief Nov 20, 08:53 pm Amal Clooney just gave Donald Trump serious warning Nov 20, 08:21 pm Monkey incident sparks clashes in southern Libyan city of Sabha, 16 dead   Google, an Obama ally, may face policy setbacks under Trump November 18, 2016, 11:09 am SHARE : Reuters Tweet Alphabet Inc's (GOOGL.O) Google faces a tougher regulatory landscape as U.S. President-elect Donald Trump's incoming administration looks poised to reverse Obama administration policies that often favoured the internet giant in the company's battles with telecoms and cable heavyweights, analysts say. Google had close ties with outgoing Democratic President Barack Obama's administration, and its employees donated much more to defeated Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton than to the Republican Trump. In the most concrete sign yet that the tech policy balance may be tipping in favour of telecom firms ahead of Trump's presidency, the U.S. Federal Communications Commission on Wednesday halted action on contentious regulatory reform measures opposed by companies such as AT&T Inc (T.N) and CenturyLink Inc.(CTL.N) In addition, the commission is now expected to reject FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler's high-profile proposal to open up the $20 billion market for rented pay-TV set-top boxes, according to two people with knowledge of the matter. That measure would have dealt a big blow to cable companies and created an opening for firms such as Google and Apple Inc. (AAPL.O) Obama had thrown his support behind the initiative, a move AT&T decried as an improper intervention on behalf of what it called a "Google proposal." "Google has been much more actively involved in this than Apple has," said Jan Dawson, analyst at Jackdaw Research. "I'm not sure it's critical to Google's business at all that it be allowed to provide these next generation set-top boxes, but there was a business opportunity there." Cable companies have expressed concerns that rivals like Google or Apple could create devices or apps and insert their own content or advertising in cable content. The FCC's moves came a day after Republican lawmakers urged Wheeler, a Democrat, to avoid any contested regulations in the waning days of the Obama administration, saying new rules would be subject to review by the incoming Republican-led Congress and Trump's administration and "could create confusion if reversed." "The question is how far will the pendulum swing back" in favor of telecom companies, said Hal Singer, senior fellow at the George Washington Institute of Public Policy. "It has swung in Google's direction under the FCC and Chairman Wheeler." Among other regulations, Trump's Nov. 8 election has increased the chances that Obama's net neutrality rules, adopted by the FCC in early 2015, could be rolled back, analysts said. Most Republicans strongly oppose net neutrality, which requires internet service providers to treat all data equally and bars them from obstructing or slowing down consumer access to web content. The rules were a victory for internet firms like Google and Netflix Inc (NFLX.O) that have advocated an open internet. Jimmy Schaeffler, telecom industry consultant at the Carmel Group, said that "the bottom line is that things will change and there will be less optimism among and fewer opportunities" for companies like Google that do not own the internet networks. "That's going to impede their success and those that rely on what they do," Schaeffler added. Republicans in Congress or at a Republican-controlled FCC under a Trump administration could also pare back new privacy rules adopted in October that subject internet service providers to stricter rules than those faced by Google and other websites. Since Trump's victory, Alphabet shares have fallen 2.4 percent, Netflix shares have dropped 5.9 percent and Amazon (AMZN.O) shares are down 2 percent. AT&T Inc (T.N) and Verizon Communications Inc (VZ.N) shares have been relatively unchanged, while Comcast Corp (CMCSA.O) shares have soared 7.7 percent. Google did not respond to requests for comment.   EXTENSIVE TIES During Obama's presidency, more than 250 people moved between jobs at Google or related firms and the federal government, national political campaigns and Congress, according to a report this year by the Campaign for Accountability watchdog group's Google Transparency Project. Eric Schmidt, Alphabet's executive chairman, was seen at Clinton's Election Night party wearing a staff badge in a widely circulated photo. In the stolen and leaked emails of Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta disclosed by WikiLeaks, an adviser wrote a memo to Clinton in 2014 that said "working relationships with Google, Facebook, Apple, and other technology companies were important to us in 2012 and should be even more important to you in 2016, given their still-ascendent positions in the culture." "We have begun having discreet conversations with some of these companies to get a sense of their priorities for the coming cycle," the adviser wrote. Telecoms and cable companies have accused Wheeler of favoring Google at the expense of cable companies. Responding to the criticism, Wheeler said in May: "I hear that allegation, and I scratch my head. I don't get that charge." "Certainly the sort of cozy relationship that Google enjoyed with the Obama administration is not going to continue with Trump," Jackdaw Research's Dawson added. Some analysts and former Google lobbyists noted that the company similarly faced a set of challenging regulatory dynamics when it opened its Washington office in 2005, with Republicans controlling the White House and both houses of Congress and the young tech firm widely perceived to have a liberal bent. "They have a tailwind (in the Obama administration), and that does end now," a former Google employee at the company's Washington office said. "But I think in the long run Google is going to be just fine in Washington. In many ways, its whole operation was built just for moments like this." Tweet More by Reuters RELATED NEWS October 13, 2016, 10:24 am Putin ally tells Americans: vote Trump or face nuclear war July 08, 2015 Obama admits setbacks in efforts to defeat IS February 08, 2010 Obama tries to rally fellow Democrats weary of recent setbacks February 07, 2010, 1:12 pm Obama tries to rally fellow Democrats weary of recent setbacks MORE IN INTERNATIONAL November 20, 2016, 9:15 pm Rich world angst about foreigners threatens refugee aid: UN refugee chief November 20, 2016, 8:21 pm Monkey incident sparks clashes in southern Libyan city of Sabha, 16 dead November 20, 2016, 8:20 pm Romney 'active consideration' for Secretary of State: Pence November 20, 2016, 7:46 pm Erdogan eyes Shanghai bloc after EU spat Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus TODAY'S POPULAR Most Viewed | Most Commented Data Sahib Urs: Lahore district govt declares public ... India, Israel 'biggest terrorist' countries: Raza Rabbani Four children fall prey to Indian LoC adventurism Pakistan steals China's 18th Hi-Tech Fair Now is the time to think about Kashmir's ill-fated ... Bilawal set to revive PPP in Punjab India, Israel 'biggest terrorist' countries: Raza Rabbani Church in northern Iraq reopened after two years under IS ... LATEST COMMENTS True Pakistani More nonsense by Eddie Baby.. So truth comes from where? Let's see...its CIA, M15, Nazi House (aka Trump Plaza), Pentagon, 10 Downing Street, Israeli PM Office...yeah? Tell us more lies...or jokes.... True Pakistani Thank you Israel for creating ISIS Thank you USA for providing weapons to ISIS (75% from US Army) Thank you Putin and Russia for bombing ISIS (proxy of West) Thank God (?) for creating useless Eddie... True Pakistani Eddie baby rambling again. Israel is Pakistan's enemy#2 after India...why? Learn history you useless creature. I can write a book on this topic..but will educate your hate infested brain ..like always... ADVERTISEMENT LATEST COMMENTS True Pakistani More nonsense by Eddie Baby.. So truth comes from where? Let's see...its CIA, M15, Nazi House (aka Trump Plaza), Pentagon, 10 Downing Street, Israeli PM Office...yeah? Tell us more lies...or jokes.... True Pakistani Thank you Israel for creating ISIS Thank you USA for providing weapons to ISIS (75% from US Army) Thank you Putin and Russia for bombing ISIS (proxy of West) Thank God (?) for creating useless Eddie... True Pakistani Eddie baby rambling again. Israel is Pakistan's enemy#2 after India...why? Learn history you useless creature. I can write a book on this topic..but will educate your hate infested brain ..like always... OUR CONTACT DETAILS NIPCO House, 4 Shaarey Fatima Jinnah, LAHORE (Pakistan) Tel : 092-42-6367580 Fax : 092-42-6367005 About Us Advertise Contact Us Terms & Conditions © COPYRIGHT 2016, NAWAIWAQT GROUP OF NEWSPAPERS Powered by :
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com News Others 'Made in America' iPhones on cards: Report 'Made in America' iPhones on cards: Report Source : Last Updated: Fri, Nov 18, 2016 11:40 hrs Post your Comments Tweet Mail Print New York, Nov 18 (IANS) iPhones may soon be made in US as Apple has asked Foxconn and Pegatron to look into this possibility, reports said. According to Nikkei Asian Review, key Apple assembler Hon Hai Precision Industry, also known as Foxconn Technology Group, has been studying the possibility of moving iPhone production to the US. "Apple asked both Foxconn and Pegatron, the two iPhone assemblers, in June to look into making iPhones in the US Foxconn complied, while Pegatron declined to formulate such a plan due to cost concerns," sources said. But the sources have said that making of iPhones in the US will cost will more than double. The general perception among Americans that they are losing manufacturing jobs to other countries overlaps the Apple's 'rumoured' prospect move. President-elect, Donald Trump referred to Apple multiple times during his campaign and vowed to slap a 45 per cent tariff on goods made in China. "We're going to get Apple to build their damn computers and things in this country instead of in other countries," Trump said at Liberty University in Virginia in January. Apple's Chief Executive Tim Cook was quoted by CBS' 60 Minutes programme in December 2015 that America simply did not have enough skilled workers for the production of iPhones. "To make iPhones, there will need to be a cluster of suppliers in the same place, which the US does not have at the moment. Even if Trump imposes a 45 per cent tariff, it is still possible that manufacturers will decide to continue production overseas as long as the costs together with the tariffs are lower than the amount they need to spend on building and running production lines in the US," sources familiar with the iPhone production process were quoted by Nikkei Asian Review. Sources said that to make iPhones, America will need US government to subsidise local companies for domestic productions. --IANS qd/sm SEARCH More from Sify: talking point on sify news Latest Features In pictures: Israeli President in India, says 'thank you' '50 days' : PM Modi's gift to Children! Donald Trump wins The politics of OROP! 59 killed as terrorists storm police academy in Pakistan's Quetta About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2016. All rights reserved
null
The Indian Express Nation World Opinion Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Home Compare News Mobile & Tabs Gadgets Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Tech News Google, an Obama ally, may face policy setbacks under Trump Google, an Obama ally, may face policy setbacks under Trump Google faces a tougher regulatory landscape as incoming administration looks to reverse Obama administration policies. By: Reuters | Washington | Updated: November 18, 2016 11:44 am Google had close ties with outgoing Democratic President Barack Obama’s administration, the report says. Alphabet Inc’s Google faces a tougher regulatory landscape as US President-elect Donald Trump’s incoming administration looks poised to reverse Obama administration policies that often favored the internet giant in the company’s battles with telecoms and cable heavyweights, analysts say. Google had close ties with outgoing Democratic President Barack Obama’s administration, and its employees donated much more to defeated Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton than to the Republican Trump. In the most concrete sign yet that the tech policy balance may be tipping in favor of telecom firms ahead of Trump’s presidency, the US Federal Communications Commission on Wednesday halted action on contentious regulatory reform measures opposed by companies such as AT&T Inc and CenturyLink Inc. In addition, the commission is now expected to reject FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler’s high-profile proposal to open up the $20 billion market for rented pay-TV set-top boxes, according to two people with knowledge of the matter. That measure would have dealt a big blow to cable companies and created an opening for firms such as Google and Apple Inc. Obama had thrown his support behind the initiative, a move AT&T decried as an improper intervention on behalf of what it called a “Google proposal.” “Google has been much more actively involved in this than Apple has,” said Jan Dawson, analyst at Jackdaw Research. “I’m not sure it’s critical to Google’s business at all that it be allowed to provide these next generation set-top boxes, but there was a business opportunity there.” Cable companies have expressed concerns that rivals like Google or Apple could create devices or apps and insert their own content or advertising in cable content. The FCC’s moves came a day after Republican lawmakers urged Wheeler, a Democrat, to avoid any contested regulations in the waning days of the Obama administration, saying new rules would be subject to review by the incoming Republican-led Congress and Trump’s administration and “could create confusion if reversed.” “The question is how far will the pendulum swing back” in favor of telecom companies, said Hal Singer, senior fellow at the George Washington Institute of Public Policy. “It has swung in Google’s direction under the FCC and Chairman Wheeler.” Among other regulations, Trump’s Nov. 8 election has increased the chances that Obama’s net neutrality rules, adopted by the FCC in early 2015, could be rolled back, analysts said. Read: South Korea rejects Google’s request to use mapping data Most Republicans strongly oppose net neutrality, which requires internet service providers to treat all data equally and bars them from obstructing or slowing down consumer access to web content. The rules were a victory for internet firms like Google and Netflix Inc that have advocated an open internet. Jimmy Schaeffler, telecom industry consultant at the Carmel Group, said that “the bottom line is that things will change and there will be less optimism among and fewer opportunities” for companies like Google that do not own the internet networks. “That’s going to impede their success and those that rely on what they do,” Schaeffler added. Republicans in Congress or at a Republican-controlled FCC under a Trump administration could also pare back new privacy rules adopted in October that subject internet service providers to stricter rules than those faced by Google and other websites. Since Trump’s victory, Alphabet shares have fallen 2.4 percent, Netflix shares have dropped 5.9 percent and Amazon shares are down 2 percent. AT&T Inc and Verizon Communications Inc shares have been relatively unchanged, while Comcast Corp shares have soared 7.7 percent. Google did not respond to requests for comment. EXTENSIVE TIES During Obama’s presidency, more than 250 people moved between jobs at Google or related firms and the federal government, national political campaigns and Congress, according to a report this year by the Campaign for Accountability watchdog group’s Google Transparency Project. Eric Schmidt, Alphabet’s executive chairman, was seen at Clinton’s Election Night party wearing a staff badge in a widely circulated photo. In the stolen and leaked emails of Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta disclosed by WikiLeaks, an adviser wrote a memo to Clinton in 2014 that said “working relationships with Google, Facebook, Apple, and other technology companies were important to us in 2012 and should be even more important to you in 2016, given their still-ascendent positions in the culture.” “We have begun having discreet conversations with some of these companies to get a sense of their priorities for the coming cycle,” the adviser wrote. Telecoms and cable companies have accused Wheeler of favoring Google at the expense of cable companies. Responding to the criticism, Wheeler said in May: “I hear that allegation, and I scratch my head. I don’t get that charge.” “Certainly the sort of cozy relationship that Google enjoyed with the Obama administration is not going to continue with Trump,” Jackdaw Research’s Dawson added. Some analysts and former Google lobbyists noted that the company similarly faced a set of challenging regulatory dynamics when it opened its Washington office in 2005, with Republicans controlling the White House and both houses of Congress and the young tech firm widely perceived to have a liberal bent. “They have a tailwind (in the Obama administration), and that does end now,” a former Google employee at the company’s Washington office said. “But I think in the long run Google is going to be just fine in Washington. In many ways, its whole operation was built just for moments like this.” Tags: Google Express TechIE Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Gionee S6 Xiaomi Mi 5 Best of Express 26/11 Stories of Strength presented by The Indian Express, Facebook & Instagram IndiaIndore Patna Express derails: Worst train accident in years kills 121; fractured rail likely cause IndiaPM Modi attacks Mamata Banerjee: 'Those who looted poor's chit fund money are raising finger at me' IndiaIndore Patna Express derailed: Make train journeys safe, PM Modi tells railway officials IndiaMy religion is nobody else's business, says CJI T S Thakur BusinessCentre-state stalemate over GST jurisdiction continues EntertainmentRajinikanth's 2.0 first look launch: I am the villain and Akshay is the hero, says Rajini EntertainmentAamir Khan attends Geeta Phogat's wedding, says Dangal is her gift, see inside pics EntertainmentBigg Boss 10 evicted contestant Karan feels Bani is highly misunderstood EntertainmentRajinikanth’s 2.0 first look launch: Akshay Kumar is up for battle of the year Must Read SportsIndia late show undoes England's defiance in Vizag SportsPV Sindhu wins China Open Series SportsSindhu 3rd Indian to win China Open: Twitter reacts TechnologyApple iPhone 8 to Samsung Galaxy S8: Top smartphones rumoured to launch with bezel-less design TechnologyBeware: WhatsApp group video-calling invite is a scam! TechnologySamsung Galaxy J3 (2017) to launch soon, suggest leaked press renders LifestyleParineeti Chopra, Sonakshi Sinha, Katrina Kaif: Bollywood belles in rocking style for Coldplay's Mumbai concert Nov 20: Latest News After hat trick, no one better than Cristiano Ronaldo at Madrid derby Pawar attacks Modi govt over demonetisation, bullet train project Opposition to meet on demonetisation tomorrow, Congress issues whip Yeh Hai Mohabbatein 20th November 2016 full episode written update: Raman and Vidyut are friends and Vidyut helps Raman to meet Ishita. Koffee With Karan Season 5: Varun Dhawan and Arjun Kapoor’s gay act steals the Karan Johar show                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2016 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Tech content trusted by users in North America and around the world 7,279 Reviews & Articles | 52,959 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU Home News Mobile Devices, Tablets & Phones Apple rumored to bring iPhone manufacturing to the US Future iPhone models could have 'Made in the USA' stamped on to them By: Anthony Garreffa | Mobile Devices, Tablets & Phones News | Posted: 2 days, 11 hours ago Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA Apple could bring back the manufacturing of its iPhone to the US, a big deal for the country - and according to unnamed sources of Nikkei, Apple asked both of its manufacturing partners in Pegatron and Foxconn on ways of bringing iPhone production back to the USA.     Nikkei's sources said: "Apple asked both Foxconn and Pegatron, the two iPhone assemblers, in June to look into making iPhones in the U.S. Foxconn complied, while Pegatron declined to formulate such a plan due to cost concerns". Another source said that Foxconn boss Terry Gou "had been less enthusiastic due to an inevitable rise in production costs", adding: "Making iPhones in the U.S. means the cost will more than double".   Where did this all come from? Well, considering President-elect Trump has placed Apple front and center during his rallies about hoarding cash overseas and throwing all of its manufacturing out of the United States, he pledged he would make the tech giants manufacture their products in the US - which will significantly boost employment numbers. In January, Trump said: "We're going to get Apple to build their damn computers and things in this country instead of in other countries".   I don't know how that's a bad thing, more jobs for Americans is good, right? But it'll make iPhones and other US-made electronics more expensive! Well, if that's the price we have to pay - I say we should do it. Heck, the total BOM (bill of materials) of the new iPhone 7 is just $225... so surely the rest of the price past $1000 is distribution, profits, marketing, and more. Apple could take a hit with profits per iPhone sold, to offset the increased manufacturing costs within the US.   But it was a statement by The Wall Street Journal that had me iffy on the subject, where the outlet talked about Apple bringing back manufacturing of the iPhone to the US. The WSJ said: "When Jabil Circuit Inc., the world's third-largest contract manufacturer by revenue, needed to quickly ramp up production of its electronics components a few years ago, the company was able to add 35,000 workers in China in less than six weeks".   They continued: "In no other country can you scale up so quickly," said John Dulchinos, vice president of digital manufacturing at Jabil, a St. Petersburg, Fla., supplier to companies such as Apple Inc. and Electrolux SA. "You have the ability to move quickly and there's a really strong electronics supply chain in Asia centered around China".   But the Journal did have a good point about the future of manufacturing, saying: "some manufacturing jobs done in China with human labor could be lost to machines if production moves back to the US". Now that part, I totally agree with. Automation is going to roll through manufacturing jobs like a steamroller in the coming decades, and that's something that not only Apple has to think about, but the US, and other countries around the world - and most of all, anyone looking at a job in the manufacturing and production of anything in these facilities.   Apple boss Tim Cook doesn't like the idea of manufacturing iPhones in the US, as he agrees with many economists that the vocational skills required for Apple manufacturing don't exist in the US. Really? There aren't enough Americans with the skills to manufacture an iPhone in the US? I highly doubt that. NEWS SOURCES:Wccftech.com Recommended for You Chinese company busted adding backdoor to US smartphones... iPhone 7 could come out in a new - Jet White color Samsung Galaxy S8 will ship with an AI digital assistant... Surface Phone would rock laptop-class Intel processor... >> NEXT STORY: Amazon 2016 Black Friday sales include some HUGE deals << PREVIOUS STORY: Remedy teases next-gen Max Payne game, or are we fooled? Related Tags Apple iPhone manufacturing iPhone new iPhone Pegatron Got an opinion on this news? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts Dead or Alive designer: PS4 Pro 'is just rhetoric' Mafia 3 somehow makes the top 10 games of October Wikileaks being 'astroturfed', under government control AMD reaffirms HDR abilities, HDMI 2.0 is the limitation Fallout 4 mods now available on PS4View More News Posts View Our Latest Videos Forum Activity Arrival Movie Review Kingston SSDNow UV400 480GB SATA III SSD Review gigabyte z170x gaming 7 rev 1.0 ram F4-3000C15D-16GTZproblem with bios f20d ASUS R510V laptop freezes and ventilator sounds D-Link DCS-2530L Wide Angle 1080p Wi-Fi IP Camera ReviewView More Forum Posts Press Releases Asius technologies crowdfunds to produce its revolutionary ADEL Drum Bionic earbuds University of Toronto selects CoolIT Systems to liquid cool signal processor for CHIME Project MSI VR One backpack PC and GS63VR Stealth Pro gaming notebook recognized as 2017 CES innovation honoree G.SKILL releases new RIPJAWS KM570 RGB mechanical gaming keyboard Next Generation Esports (NGE) launches BattleRekt tournamentView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2016 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Previous Page Next Page
Gadgets Software Hardware Mobile Phones Internet Apple Features Everything Else Search ADVERTISE SPONSORED POSTS ABOUT US PRIVACY CONTACT US Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. TechShout Gadgets Software Hardware Mobile Phones Internet Apple Features Everything Else Home Apple Apple launches repair program for iPhone 6 Plus Touch Disease issue Apple Apple launches repair program for iPhone 6 Plus Touch Disease issue By Bindu Nair - Nov 18, 2016 Apple is finally doing something about the Touch Disease issue which began getting widespread public attention in August this year. However the way it’s going about dealing with the problem may well anger affected consumers. To recall, owners of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus had claimed that their handsets started exhibiting a thin grey flickering bar along the top of the display. Popularly dubbed Touch Disease, the flaw had the potential to get worse over time till the smartphone became completely unresponsive. Experts asserted that Touch Disease came about due to a design flaw in the device’s circuit board. However, Apple seems to be singing a different tune altogether. The brand has concluded that some iPhone 6 Plus units may started showing display flickering or Multi-Touch issues after getting dropped multiple times on a hard surface and then incurring more stress. Also Read: Apple to launch only one OLED iPhone 8 due to supply constraints As such, Apple’s launched a Multi-Touch Repair Program to get this fixed. The initiative notably doesn’t extend to the iPhone 6. Only iPhone 6 Plus users who observe their phone showing signs of the symptoms mentioned above are eligible for it. Moreover, their device should be in working order and not have its screen cracked or broken. Apple’s not going to repair iPhones affected by the issue for free though, since it’s asking for a service price of $149 or Rs 9900. It plans to contact people who’ve already paid to get it fixed via Apple or an Apple Authorized Service Provider. The company says it’ll offer them a reimbursement amount which will be equal to the difference between the amount already forked over and $149. Apple’s Multi-Touch Repair Program may not go down well with iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus owners. Several of them have banded together to file a class action lawsuit against the firm on the belief that Touch Disease is a manufacturing defect which the brand is aware of but not doing anything about. The new proposal may change things up a bit, if only because the Apple’s finally acknowledged the problem even if their explanation differs from affected customers. You can check out more information about the program here. TAGS apple iPhone 6 iphone 6 plus Touch Disease SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleMicrosoft joins the Linux Foundation, welcomes Google to .NET Next articleApple’s secretly syncing your call logs to iCloud Bindu Nair RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Apple offering up to Rs 23000 cashback on iPhone 7, iPad combo Apple’s throttling the Verizon iPhone 7’s speed Apple may manufacture iPhones in the US 246,359FansLike 13,717FollowersFollow 13,061SubscribersSubscribe ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT © TechShout.com 2016
Sun, Nov 20, 2016 | Updated 11.11 PM IST HI, Follow Us: MY PROFILE NEWSLETTER LOGOUT SIGN INFollow Us: Gadgets Now Gadgets Now TOI Home News Tech News Jobs Social IT Services Mobiles PCs Apps Gaming Computing More Gadgets Innovation in India to be greater than anywhere in the world, says Bill Gates Chinese companies invest big in Indian startups Flipkart founders reveal why they invest in startups Here's what Zoho CEO thinks about the Indian startup ecosystem Here's how Mark Zuckerberg plans to tackle fake news on Facebook UK approves new surveillance bill for police and intelligence services Need legislation to tackle rising cybercrime: SC judge Virtual reality to be key focus at this year's NFDC Film Bazaar HP to set up labs to promote digital literacy in Indian villages Analysts have a warning for electric car makers in China FOLLOW US shop FOLLOW US Gadgets Mobile Phones Tablets Laptops Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands FOLLOW US Reviews FOLLOW US compare Mobile Phones Laptops Tablets Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands FOLLOW US Slideshows FOLLOW US Videos FOLLOW US Brands Apple Samsung Google Sony HTC Karbonn LG Micromax Microsoft OnePlus Oppo Spice Xiaomi Acer HP InFocus Lenovo Dell FOLLOW US Checklist How To FOLLOW US Featured FOLLOW US infocus Specials ALL ShopGadgets Gadgets Now » News » Tech News Why Donald Trump at helm is worrying for Google Alphabet's Google faces a tougher regulatory landscape as US President-elect Donald Trump's incoming administration looks poised to reverse Obama administration policies that often favoured the internet giant in the company's battles with telecoms and cable heavyweights, analysts say.Reuters | Updated: Nov 18, 2016, 11.09 AM IST WASHINGTON/SAN FRANCISCO: Alphabet's Google faces a tougher regulatory landscape as US President-elect Donald Trump's incoming administration looks poised to reverse Obama administration policies that often favoured the internet giant in the company's battles with telecoms and cable heavyweights, analysts say. Google had close ties with outgoing Democratic President Barack Obama's administration, and its employees donated much more to defeated Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton than to the Republican Trump. In the most concrete sign yet that the tech policy balance may be tipping in favour of telecom firms ahead of Trump's presidency, the US Federal Communications Commission on Wednesday halted action on contentious regulatory reform measures opposed by companies such as AT&T and CenturyLink. In addition, the commission is now expected to reject FCC chairman Tom Wheeler's high-profile proposal to open up the $20 billion market for rented pay-TV set-top boxes, according to two people with knowledge of the matter. That measure would have dealt a big blow to cable companies and created an opening for firms such as Google and Apple. Google search queries may soon help in prevention of suicides Internet search engines may help save lives in the future, thanks to scientists who are developing a way to effectively identify users who are at risk of suicide and provide them with information on where to find help. Obama had thrown his support behind the initiative, a move AT&T decried as an improper intervention on behalf of what it called a "Google proposal." "Google has been much more actively involved in this than Apple has," said Jan Dawson, analyst at Jackdaw Research. "I'm not sure it's critical to Google's business at all that it be allowed to provide these next generation set-top boxes, but there was a business opportunity there." Cable companies have expressed concerns that rivals like Google or Apple could create devices or apps and insert their own content or advertising in cable content. The FCC's moves came a day after Republican lawmakers urged Wheeler, a Democrat, to avoid any contested regulations in the waning days of the Obama administration, saying new rules would be subject to review by the incoming Republican-led Congress and Trump's administration and "could create confusion if reversed." "The question is how far will the pendulum swing back" in favour of telecom companies, said Hal Singer, senior fellow at the George Washington Institute of Public Policy. "It has swung in Google's direction under the FCC and Chairman Wheeler." Among other regulations, Trump's November 8 election has increased the chances that Obama's net neutrality rules, adopted by the FCC in early 2015, could be rolled back, analysts said. Most Republicans strongly oppose net neutrality, which requires internet service providers to treat all data equally and bars them from obstructing or slowing down consumer access to web content. The rules were a victory for internet firms like Google and Netflix that have advocated an open internet. Jimmy Schaeffler, telecom industry consultant at the Carmel Group, said that "the bottom line is that things will change and there will be less optimism among and fewer opportunities" for companies like Google that do not own the internet networks. Now you have one more way to buy apps on Google Play store Google has started rolling out support for payments through net-banking in Google Play Store purchases. The new feature will allow users to pay for apps, games etc. available on the Google Play Stores via net-banking, instead of having to use credit/debit cards. "That's going to impede their success and those that rely on what they do," Schaeffler added. Republicans in Congress or at a Republican-controlled FCC under a Trump administration could also pare back new privacy rules adopted in October that subject internet service providers to stricter rules than those faced by Google and other websites. Since Trump's victory, Alphabet shares have fallen 2.4%, Netflix shares have dropped 5.9% and Amazon shares are down 2%. AT&T and Verizon Communications Inc shares have been relatively unchanged, while Comcast Corp shares have soared 7.7%. Google did not respond to requests for comment. Extensive ties During Obama's presidency, more than 250 people moved between jobs at Google or related firms and the federal government, national political campaigns and Congress, according to a report this year by the Campaign for Accountability watchdog group's Google Transparency Project. Eric Schmidt, Alphabet's executive chairman, was seen at Clinton's Election Night party wearing a staff badge in a widely circulated photo. In the stolen and leaked emails of Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta disclosed by WikiLeaks, an adviser wrote a memo to Clinton in 2014 that said "working relationships with Google, Facebook, Apple, and other technology companies were important to us in 2012 and should be even more important to you in 2016, given their still-ascendent positions in the culture." "We have begun having discreet conversations with some of these companies to get a sense of their priorities for the coming cycle," the adviser wrote. Google introduces PhotoScan, editing tools for Photos app Besides introducing PhotoScan, Google also introduced three new editing features in its Photos app. The new features come as an update to the app for Android, iOS and web versions. Telecoms and cable companies have accused Wheeler of favouring Google at the expense of cable companies. Responding to the criticism, Wheeler said in May: "I hear that allegation, and I scratch my head. I don't get that charge." "Certainly the sort of cosy relationship that Google enjoyed with the Obama administration is not going to continue with Trump," Jackdaw Research's Dawson added. Some analysts and former Google lobbyists noted that the company similarly faced a set of challenging regulatory dynamics when it opened its Washington office in 2005, with Republicans controlling the White House and both houses of Congress and the young tech firm widely perceived to have a liberal bent. "They have a tailwind (in the Obama administration), and that does end now," a former Google employee at the company's Washington office said. "But I think in the long run Google is going to be just fine in Washington. In many ways, its whole operation was built just for moments like this." RELATED From around the web From GADGETSNOW Recommended By Colombia From Around the Web From GADGETSNOW Recommended By Colombia Comments Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message GADGETS NOW SHOP Latest News Innovation in India to be greater than anywhere in the world, says Bill Gates Chinese companies invest big in Indian startups Flipkart founders reveal why they invest in startups Here's what Zoho CEO thinks about the Indian startup ecosystem Here's how Mark Zuckerberg plans to tackle fake news on Facebook From around the Web More From GadgetsNow Recommended By Colombia Most Popular Apple CEO Tim Cook's letter to employees on Donald Trump's win WhatsApp starts rolling out video-calling feature Flipkart CEO’s response to Amazon’s No.1 claim These are the 'feared' security features of the Rs 2000 note Trai recommends Rs 3,050 crore penalty on Airtel, Vodafone, Idea for not providing interconnect to Reliance Jio Rs 500 & Rs 1000 ban: 'Good news' for phone buyers WhatsApp launches video-calling feature for Android users Round 3 of Flipkart, Amazon ‘big sale’ announced IITs: Pre-placement salaries hit record high Apple MacBook Pro with ‘Touch Bar’ launched, prices start at Rs 1,55,900 Looking for Helpchat? Try Tapzo instead Apple, Samsung's pain becomes Chinese smartphone makers' gain: Report Practo extends a financial lifeline for patients & doctors in dire need Samsung: No Galaxy Note 7 fire incident reported from India How ban on Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes is hurting telecom companies Japan-based Rakuten signs $205 million sponsorship deal with Barcelona Service providers must come together to address enterprises' IT requirements: Study Russia orders ISPs to block Linkedin IBM's new Mumbai centre to help in digital transformation 1Why Donald Trump at helm is worrying for Google 2Looking for Helpchat? Try Tapzo instead 3Apple, Samsung's pain becomes Chinese smartphone makers' gain: Report 4Practo extends a financial lifeline for patients & doctors in dire need 5Samsung: No Galaxy Note 7 fire incident reported from India 6How ban on Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes is hurting telecom companies 7Japan-based Rakuten signs $205 million sponsorship deal with Barcelona 8Service providers must come together to address enterprises' IT requirements: Study 9Russia orders ISPs to block Linkedin 10IBM's new Mumbai centre to help in digital transformation GADGETS NOW About Us Privacy policy RSS Return Policy Newsletter Sitemap Feedback Authors Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Gadgets now mobile Refund Policy Popular Mobiles Google Pixel XL 32 GB Moto Z 64GB Moto Z Play 32GB Honor 8 Samsung Galaxy A9 Pro Lenovo K4 Note Lenovo K3 Note Oppo F1 Plus Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Mi 5S Lenovo Vibe K5 Lenovo Zuk Z1 Samsung Galaxy J7 Lenovo A7000 Lenovo K5 Note Samsung Galaxy J2 OnePlus 3 Samsung Galaxy On7 OnePlus X Samsung Z3 HTC Desire 820 LG G5 Sony Xperia Z5 HTC Desire 826 Oppo R7 Upcoming Mobiles Lyf Wind 7i OKWU Pi Vivo Xplay6 Vivo X9 64 GB Vivo X9 128GB Vivo X9 OnePlus 3T 64 GB OnePlus 3T 128GB Vivo V5 Gionee S9 Huawei Mate 9 Pro Asus Zenfone 3 Max ZC553KL Wileyfox Swift 2 Wileyfox Swift 2 Plus Moto M Xiaomi Redmi 4A Xiaomi Redmi 4 16GB Xiaomi Redmi 4 Micromax Canvas Spark 4G ZTE CYMBAL-T Meizu Pro 6S Samsung W2017 Huawei Mate 9 Porsche Design Lenovo P2 32 GB Alcatel Flash Plus 2 16GB Latest Mobiles Google Nexus 9 Coolpad Note 3 Redmi Note 3 Lenovo K4 Note Moto G4 Plus OnePlus X OnePlus 2 Lenovo Vibe S1 iPhone 6 Google Nexus 5 Mobile Phones Spice Mobiles Oppo Mobiles OnePlus Mobiles Microsoft Mobiles Micromax Mobiles LG Mobiles Karbonn Mobiles HTC Mobiles Sony Mobiles Google Mobiles Copyright © 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. | The Times of India. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service
null
null
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Advertise Privacy Newsletter Chats Search for: Facebook Pinterest Twitter YouTube Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf Get More Out of Your Roku With These 10 Tips Entertainment Get More Out of Your Roku With These 10 Tips Dan Price 6 Awesome VLC Features You May Not Know About Entertainment 6 Awesome VLC Features You May Not Know About Dan Price Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Advertise Privacy Newsletter Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: How to Transfer Music, PDFs, and Other Files From Mac to iPhone iPhone and iPad Mac How to Transfer Music, PDFs, and Other Files From Mac to iPhone Dann Albright November 17, 2016 17-11-2016 6 minutes How to Transfer Music, PDFs, and Other Files From Mac to iPhone Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email I can’t tell you how many times I’ve said “I just want to put this [insert file type here] on my phone!” Apple doesn’t always make it easy to get things like PDFs, videos, or iWork files 5 Reasons You Should Use iWork Instead of Microsoft Office 5 Reasons You Should Use iWork Instead of Microsoft Office Many long-time Office users will be unwilling to transition away from the apps they're so used to working with, but it's time to give iWork another chance. Read More  from your Mac to your iPhone. Through a lot of trial and error, though, I’ve figured a lot of it out. Let me save you the time it takes to stumble your way through the process by sharing what I’ve learned. Transfer Music to iPhone This is probably the easiest transfer to make. It’s also probably the one you’ll want to make most often, so it’s good to know exactly what to do. Here’s the process. To Transfer a Single Album or Specific Songs Connect your iPhone to your Mac with a USB cable. Open iTunes (if it didn’t open automatically). Find the music you want to transfer over. Click and drag it to the left side of the iTunes window. Drop it on the icon for your phone. That’s all there is to it. You can select an entire album by dragging the cover art, command-click to select just a few songs, or grab a single song at a time. The only thing to be aware of is that any song that hasn’t been imported into iTunes won’t show up as an option. You’ll need to import your music via File > Add to Library if your music isn’t showing up. There are also non-iTunes options 6 Ways To Sync Music To Your iPhone Without iTunes 6 Ways To Sync Music To Your iPhone Without iTunes Read More you can use for transferring music, but they require more setup. To Sync a Playlist The best way to transfer a music playlist How to Create, Share & Discover Playlists with Apple Music How to Create, Share & Discover Playlists with Apple Music Playlists make it easier to discover, share and create your own personal collections from Apple's massive library of streaming music. Here's how. Read More to your phone is to click and drag it. All the songs will be transferred over. If you want to sync a playlist, though, and make sure all of the changes in the playlist made since your last sync get automatically updated, you’ll need to go about it differently. Connect your iPhone. Open iTunes. Click on the iPhone icon near the top of the window. Under Settings in the left pane, click Music. Select Sync Music, then select Selected playlists, artists, albums, and genres. Select the playlist you want to sync. Note that this requires that you trash all the music currently on your phone from other iTunes libraries. Once you’ve done that, you can sync playlists, artists, albums, and genres, making it much easier to keep your phone’s music up-to-date. Transfer Podcasts to iPhone Because podcasts are also managed from iTunes, it’s easy to add episodes to your phone. Connect your iPhone. Open iTunes. Go to the Podcasts view. Click and drag a podcast to your phone in the left pane. Fortunately, podcast apps 6 Best iOS Podcast Apps for iPhone & iPad 6 Best iOS Podcast Apps for iPhone & iPad A podcast is like radio show that you listen to at your convenience, and a good podcasting app can help make that experience so much better. Read More tend to sync up pretty well without needing to do this very often, so it’s not something you should have to worry about. It’s easier to manage them from your phone anyway. Transfer Photos to iPhone While you’ll usually want to transfer photos from your iPhone to your Mac, there might be cases where the reverse is true. Using iTunes to do this is a little weird. Put all of the photos you want on your iPhone in a single folder. Connect your iPhone. Open iTunes. Click the iPhone icon near the top of the window. Under Settings, click Photos. Check Sync Photos. Select Selected folders. Select the folder you just created. Hit Sync. Now, anything you put in that folder will be synced to your phone when you connect it. This can be useful if you always want to have family photos available, for example. If you do this on a regular basis, you may want to invest in Waltr ($40) or another drag-and-drop file transfer app 4 Useful Drag-and-Drop Mac Data Transfer Apps 4 Useful Drag-and-Drop Mac Data Transfer Apps Forget menus, buttons, and confusing keyboard shortcuts. Try dragging and dropping for a faster workflow. Read More  for your Mac. It makes the process much simpler. Transfer PDFs to iPhone This one is a pain. I’ve had to look up instructions for this more times than I can say. The tricky thing is that you’ll be using both iTunes and iBooks to accomplish this. Open iBooks. Use File > Add to Library to add your PDF to iBooks. Connect your iPhone. Open iTunes. Click the iPhone icon near the top of the window. Under Settings, click Books. Select Sync Books. Select Selected books. Put a check next to any PDF or ebook you’d like to sync to your phone. This is a rather roundabout way to do it, but once you’ve done it a few times, it’s pretty easy, and using the Books app for PDFs Best Tips for Using the iBooks as a PDF Reader on Your iPad or iPhone Best Tips for Using the iBooks as a PDF Reader on Your iPad or iPhone Read More is a good way to keep them all in one place. Of course, you can always use a file-transfer app or simply sync your Dropbox app to get the file to your phone. This way, however, it’ll be in your Books app and ready to view, whether you’re online or off, as soon as you’ve synced your phone. Transfer Videos or Movies to iPhone Much like music and podcasts, you can transfer videos and movies right from iTunes in just a few clicks. Connect your iPhone. Open iTunes. Import your video or movie using File > Add to Library. Go to the Movies view. Drag the video or movie to your phone in the left pane. Note that there are two sections of the Movies view: Movies and Home Videos. You’ll have to find your video or movie in these categories and then move it to your phone. Transfer Other Files to iPhone Sending other files from your Mac to your iPhone can be a little tricky. It largely depends on the type of file you’re trying to transfer. If you want to send over a file that can be used by an app on your phone, it’s pretty straightforward. Connect your iPhone. Open iTunes. Click the iPhone icon near the top of the window. Under Settings, select Apps. Scroll down to the File Sharing section. Select the app you want to send your file to (such as Pages for Documents or iMovie for video files). Click and drag your file into the list on the right. This is an easy way to add things like spreadsheets, presentations, and other usable documents to your phone. You can also use this method to add unopenable files to your phone. For example, I added an EXE file to iMovie. It won’t be able to open it, but I could presumably download it to another computer from my phone. If you’re just looking for file storage, though, it’s probably best to use iCloud Drive What Is iCloud Drive & How Does It Work? What Is iCloud Drive & How Does It Work? If you have updated your iPhone or iPad to iOS 8, and your Mac to OS X Yosemite, then you're ready for Apple's iCloud Drive. But what is it, and why should use it? Read More , Dropbox, Google Drive, or a similar service. That way you can upload the file to the cloud on your computer and then access it from your phone without assigning to an app that won’t be able to open it. Other Transfers These instructions should cover the majority of transfers you need to make from your computer to your iPhone. If you need to move anything else over, you should be able to use these methods to figure out the right way to do it. And if not, there are always cloud storage apps. AirDrop is another method AirDrop Not Working? Troubleshoot Your File Transfer Woes AirDrop Not Working? Troubleshoot Your File Transfer Woes Having troubles with AirDrop? We can step you through all of your available options. Read More that can be effective but also temperamental. What other files do you need to transfer to your iPhone? Do you prefer to use iTunes or a separate file transfer app? Share your thoughts in the comments below! Previous PostHow to Take Time-Delayed Screenshots on MacNext PostFirefox Focus Blocks Ads and Trackers By Default 0 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Dann Albright 451 articles Dann is a freelance journalist interested in technology, health, and cognitive science. When he's not writing, he's almost certainly playing board or card games (or working on a forthcoming book about them). Follow him on Twitter at @dann_albright. Advertisement Latest Giveaways Asus ZenFone 3 Review and Giveaway Asus ZenFone 3 Review and Giveaway Riley J. Dennis November 18, 2016 18-11-2016 PlayStation VR Review and Massive Giveaway PlayStation VR Review and Massive Giveaway James Bruce November 16, 2016 16-11-2016 Moto G4 Plus Review and Giveaway Moto G4 Plus Review and Giveaway Riley J. Dennis November 11, 2016 11-11-2016 Advertisement Trending PlayStation VR Review and Massive Giveaway Gaming Product Reviews PlayStation VR Review and Massive Giveaway James Bruce November 16, 2016 16-11-2016 Get More Out of Your Roku With These 10 Tips Entertainment Get More Out of Your Roku With These 10 Tips Dan Price November 15, 2016 15-11-2016 Android Auto Is Now Available for Everyone: What Can It Do? Android Android Auto Is Now Available for Everyone: What Can It… Ben Stegner November 14, 2016 14-11-2016 Advertisement Related Articles Microsoft Cache Liberates Your Clipboard Productivity Windows Microsoft Cache Liberates Your Clipboard Dan Price November 16, 2016 16-11-2016 CopyTrans Manager Liberates You From iTunes on Windows 10 iPhone and iPad Windows CopyTrans Manager Liberates You From iTunes on Windows 10 Brad Jones November 9, 2016 09-11-2016 How to Open Excel Files on a Phone or Tablet Android How to Open Excel Files on a Phone or Tablet Brad Jones November 7, 2016 07-11-2016 Advertisement Latest Deals Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2016 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
Home Weather 59° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Close Report: Apple considering making iPhones in U.S. Eli Blumenthal , USA TODAY , KHOU 10:09 PM. CST November 17, 2016 A worker inspects an iPhone at a final assembly facility in Zhengzhou, China.   (Photo: Apple) CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST NEW YORK — An iPhone "Designed in California" and made in the USA? It could happen soon. Apple asked Asian-based manufacturers Foxconn and Pegatron in June to explore the possibility of manufacturing the popular smartphone in the U.S., according to a report in financial magazine Nikkei Asian Review, citing unnamed people familiar with the matter. Foxconn agreed to look into the possibility though Pegatron declined over concerns that the cost of doing so would be too high, the report said. The report comes one week after Donald Trump won the U.S. presidential election. While on the campaign trail in January, then-candidate Trump warned he would try to force Apple into manufacturing its products in the U.S. “We’re going to get Apple to build their damn computers and things in this country instead of in other countries,” he told a crowd a Liberty University in Lynchburg, Va. That isn't all. As a candidate, Trump also called for a boycott of Apple when it didn't cave to the FBI's request to hack the iPhone of one of the San Bernardino, Calif., shooters. Apple declined to comment on the report, though it provided a statement about its efforts in the U.S. “Apple is responsible for creating more than 2 million jobs across the United States, from engineers, retail and call center employees to operations and delivery drivers," the company said, citing a jobs creation link on its website. "We work with over 8,000 suppliers from coast to coast and are investing heavily in American jobs and innovation.” Bringing iPhone manufacturing to the U.S. could be seen as a big win for the President-elect, though at exactly what cost remains to be seen. Market researcher IHS Markit said it costs roughly $225 to build the 32GB iPhone 7, the cheapest new model Apple makes. It retails for $649. Although it may not sound like a lot, the phone is $36.89 pricier than last year's iPhone 6S, and that is with IHS factoring in $5 for manufacturing costs. Foxconn has similarly expressed concerns over cost, including from chairman Terry Gou. One unnamed source told Nikkei magazine that "making iPhones in the U.S. means the cost will more than double." There is also the risk of Chinese push-back. Amid concerns over Trump vow to impose a 45% tax on all Chinese imports, Chinese state-backed paper Global Times published an op-ed saying China would respond "tit-for-tat," and that "US auto and iPhone sales in China will suffer a setback." If Apple does bring the iPhone to the U.S., it would not be the first product the company has manufactured domestically. While the company already builds a variety of parts for its iPhones, iPads, and Macs in the U.S., in 2013 the company notably announced that its updated Mac Pro computer would be assembled in the U.S. Follow Eli Blumenthal on Twitter @eliblumenthal CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS Texas State football team bus crashes Raw video: Anti-Trump protesters arrested in Houston VIRAL VIDEO: Teacher yanks mic from autistic boy 50 children adopted in Harris County days before Thanksgiving Sabra recalls hummus due to listeria concerns Suspect arrested in library sex assault More Stories 115 killed after train derails in north India Nov 20, 2016, 7:23 a.m. Woman killed in single vehicle accident in east Houston Nov 20, 2016, 8:09 a.m. Chicago Police arrest 2 in fatal shooting of… Nov 20, 2016, 8:30 a.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home Weather Health Detail Closings & Delays Location Search Radars Conditions Hurricane Central More... Weather Bug Weathercaster App Beach Cams Forum Flights Weather Alerts Weather Blog Local Crime Texas News Election 2016 Investigative Health Business More... Consumer Weird News Oil and Gas More Local Neighborhood Politics Raw Video Seen on 11 News Verify Inspiring Curiosity Stands for Houston Charlie Foxtrot Side Effects Nation Now Traffic Gas Prices Flights Radars Mobile Apps Houston TranStar Sports Texans Astros Rockets Dynamo High School College More... Sports Photos Sports Extra More Sports JJ Watt NFL NBA Submit MLB NHL High School Football Golf Soccer Super Bowl Cowboys NCAA Basketball Tournament Features Entertainment Texans Cheerleaders Animals Food CBS TV Shows City Pros More... Sandwich Generation Movie Minute Tech-Gaming More Features Rodeo Houston Obituaries Life in Balance Buffalo Bayou Park Day For Night Great Day Houston Red Apple Award Surprise Squad Community TD Jakes Inspiring Curiosity Weird News Magnify Money Vote Now Secret Santa Ways to Save Thankful About Contact Jobs News Bios Advertise with Us TV Listings Mobile Apps More... Closed Captioning Great Day Houston Justice Network Talent Requests Station Tours CBS Shows Newsletters RSS Community Rules Privacy Terms Cobrand Header Survey Cobrand Footer © 2016 KHOU-TV Services Advertise With Us KHOU Jobs Closed Captioning Procedures FCC Online Public Inspection File Privacy Notice/ Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Our Partners CBS cars.com Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
CLOSE Home News Downloads Download Past Issues Read on Issuu Read on Google Play Read on Magzter Download Podcasts Special Editions FCM Wiki Page Table of Contents Writers Style Guide Sunday, November 20, 2016 Home News Downloads Download Past Issues Read on Issuu Read on Google Play Read on Magzter Download Podcasts Special Editions FCM Wiki Page Table of Contents Writers Style Guide Trending Now Mozilla Firefox 50.0 Web Browser Lands in All Supported Ubuntu OSes, Update Now Zorin OS 12 Officially Released, the Biggest Release Ever of the Linux Distro Kaspersky OS: Antivirus Firm Launches Its Own “Hackproof” OS, Based On Microkernel Parrot S.L.A.M.dunk Ubuntu 17.04 to Offer an Evolved Unity 8 Session As More Apps Will Run as Snaps Home news System76 adds 4K display to Ubuntu Linux-powered MacBook Pro competitor Oryx Pro news System76 adds 4K display to Ubuntu Linux-powered MacBook Pro competitor Oryx Pro By rascal23 - Nov 18, 2016 1972 0 Apple makes a damn good laptop, and its new MacBook Pro computers are no exception. Unfortunately for some, Apple’s latest offerings are too expensive and fall short — most models lack the ability to upgrade the SSD, and the RAM maxes out at 16GB. Interestingly, many upset Apple fans even turned to System76 and its Ubuntu-powered machines following the big MacBook Pro unveil. At the time, I compared the MacBook Pro to the Oryx Pro to highlight that you could get more performance from System76 for less money. Obviously, it was not an entirely fair comparison, as they are different in many ways. For example, the Oryx Pro only featured a 1080p screen. Today, this changes, however, as System76 adds a 4K display option to its MacBook Pro competitor. Will this make macOS users more likely to switch to Linux? The Oryx Pro is one of System76’s most well-balanced machines. In fact, Ryan Sipes, Community Manager at System76 tells me, “the Oryx is our metal body professional grade laptop. It’s slim enough to travel with you, but powerful enough to accomplish any task”. Source: http://betanews.com/2016/11/17/system76-4k-display-ubuntu-linux-oryx-pro/ Submitted by: Arnfried Walbrecht Previous articleSuper Mari-owned: Startling Nintendo-based vulnerability discovered in Ubuntu Next articleUbuntu 17.04 to Offer an Evolved Unity 8 Session As More Apps Will Run as Snaps rascal23 RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Mozilla Firefox 50.0 Web Browser Lands in All Supported Ubuntu OSes, Update Now Zorin OS 12 Officially Released, the Biggest Release Ever of the Linux Distro Kaspersky OS: Antivirus Firm Launches Its Own “Hackproof” OS, Based On Microkernel NO COMMENTS LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply
MacDailyNews WELCOME HOME! Apple and Mac News Login · Register News Opinion Contact App Facebook Tumblr Twitter RSS Archives Widget Opinion Archive Nov 2016 Apple's repatriation and share buyback could Trump all Nov 2016 No, Apple’s next big thing won’t be smart glasses Nov 2016 MacBook Pro shows that it’s the end of the line for upgradable MacBooks Nov 2016 The pundits are wrong about Apple - again Nov 2016 Is Apple selling a MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable for $79 a step too far? Current Headlines Latest Joy of Tech 9to5Mac Review: Koogeek Smart Plug is a simple, inexpensive, WiFi HomeKit device to get started with Siri home automation This week’s top stories: MacBook Pro reviews, iOS 10.2 beta 3, iPhone 8 OLED details, Apple’s new design book & more How to access/write-to NTFS drives on Mac natively with Paragon NTFS 14 Hands-on with the $199/$299 ‘Designed by Apple in California’ book [Video] Claridges hotel unveils Christmas tree festive installation designed by Jony Ive and Marc Newson It’s not just you, there’s definitely a problem with the three-finger drag gesture on the new MacBook Pro 15 Touch Bar tips and tricks for the new MacBook Pro [Video] Homebuilder offers first Apple HomeKit accessory package for new homebuyers Automation technologies will continue to be supported in macOS, Apple exec Craig Federighi says in customer email 9to5Toys Last Call: Bose Early Black Friday Deals, ecobee3 HomeKit Smart Thermostat $200, Amazon Prime $79, more Nest update brings support for Apple TV, ability to save and share video clips 2017 Jeep Compass will be one of the first Jeeps to come w/ Apple’s CarPlay PSA: If your 15-inch MacBook Pro claims it has an Intel Iris Pro 580 GPU, it probably doesn’t iFixit teardown of 15-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar finds hidden connector, maybe for SSD data rescue Comment: Given the ultra-low repairability of the new MacBook Pro, I’m getting AppleCare this time MacRumors McLaren Confirms Talks With Apple, But They 'Never Matured to Definitive Proposition' Apple May Be Throttling Verizon iPhone 7 LTE Performance Some 15-Inch MacBook Pro Models Misreporting Intel Iris Pro 580 Graphics Apple Launches 'Touch Disease' Repair Program for iPhone 6 Plus In-Store Pickup Now Available for MacBook Pro With Touch Bar Here's a Look Inside Apple's New $200 Photo Book Apple Releases New 'Bulbs' MacBook Pro Ad Highlighting Touch Bar Apple Says it Syncs Call Logs on iCloud As a 'Convenience to Customers' Amid Security Concerns Microsoft Surface Studio Reviews: Apple Fans Might Be 'Tempted to Switch Camps', Despite High Price System Integrity Protection Inexplicably Disabled by Default on Some New MacBook Pro Models AppleInsider Apple's Ive and Newson unveil unadorned fir trees for Claridge's Christmas installation Apple Deals: 32GB iPad Air 2 (Wi-Fi) for $369; 128GB Air 2 (Wi-Fi) for $449; up to $600 off first-gen Apple Watches McLaren CEO admits to talks with Apple, but no bid was made Three-finger drag gestures working sporadically on 2016 MacBook Pros, users say This week on AI: Touch Bar MacBook Pro review, Apple's AR glasses & more Killer Deals: Save $150 to $275 instantly on Apple's new Touch Bar MacBook Pros with Apple Care, plus no tax in 48 states Nest introduces camera streaming to Apple TV, 'instaclip' creation and sharing Teardown of 15" MacBook Pro with Touch Bar reveals non-removable SSD, extra trackpad touch controller, more Apple confirmed limiting iPhone 7 Qualcomm modem to keep performance on par with Intel chip Comparing Apple's Late-2016 13" & 15" MacBook Pro with Touch Bar MacNN Goodbye from MacNN, and Managing Editor Mike Wuerthele Rumor Roundup: Oh yes it is! Oh no it isn't! Spotify claims app update rejection by Apple 'raises serious concerns' Best of MacNN: the MacNN Podcast, episode 25: My Stupid Cat's Fault MacNN Deals: Increase your productivity with these Mac apps Best of MacNN: Lawyer sues Apple for not preventing his porn addiction Hands On: macOS Sierra, part two Tekserve closing NYC store on July 31 after 29 years of service Giveaway: Final reminder of all current MacNN Deals competitions Bang & Olufsen unveils Beoplay H5 wireless earphones Daring Fireball Victory: A Charting Library for React.js and React Native The Talk Show: ‘Fork the Universe’ ‘Quite Literally’ The Right Way to Oppose Trump Kakistocracy ‘Bulbs’ Nikkei Asian Review: Apple Is Looking Into Assembling iPhones in the U.S. Firefox Focus Doug Adams on Sal Soghoian Sal Soghoian Departs Apple T-GAAP Will a President Trump or Clinton Help Apple The Most? Back to Steve Jobs 4-Quadrant Mac Approach Apple Just Made Notebook Touch Screens Stupid Samsung Note 7 Owners Were Loyal To Samsung, Not Android Apple's Desktop Macs Are In Trouble Cult of Mac Check out this week’s best tech, tools and lessons [Deals] Apple Stores go green in advance of Earth Day Apple taps Surface Pro hinge maker for super-thin MacBooks How Steve Jobs and the industrial design team saved Apple, this week on The CultCast Use free Snapseed on iPad to tune your photos to best effect Apple reveals how long its devices typically last Drawings reveal new buildings inside Apple’s ‘spaceship’ campus Apple reaches deal with Samsung to buy OLED iPhone displays iPhone recycling is Apple’s latest gold mine Apple looks to paid search to ‘improve’ discoverability on App Store Macworld UK How to use & customise Touch Bar on new MacBook Pro 2016 | 9 Touch Bar tips 158 best iPhone games | Best iPad games: Amazing iOS games you need to play How to call someone who has blocked your number on their iPhone How to tell if someone has blocked your phone number on their iPhone How to tell if someone is using Do Not Disturb mode, and how to call them iCar release date rumours, features and images | Apple Car rumours iPad & iPhone User 114 Digital Edition Out Today Apple VR UK release date and feature rumours | Apple AR glasses rumours Macworld's December Digital Edition Out Today Super Mario Run iPhone release date UK, price | How to get Mario on iPhone/iPad CNET iPhone Update Make your iPhone read aloud to you - CNET Moment lenses are ready for your iPhone 7 - CNET iOS 10 notifications look the same, but work a lot differently - CNET 9 reasons you should keep your current iPhone - CNET Why you'll soon forget the iPhone ever had a headphone jack - CNET Apple could launch an iPhone with curved screen - CNET iPhone 7 may sport pressure-sensitive home button, Space Black paint job - CNET iPhone 7 Plus purported mockup reveals blue paint job and more - CNET iPhone 7 preorders could start September 9 - CNET Hillary Clinton iPhone app aims to drum up and reward supporters - CNET Nov 18, 2016 - 05:15 PM UTC — AAPL: 110.06 (+0.11, +0.1%) | NASDAQ: 5321.51 (-12.46, -0.23%) Free Hour of Code workshops run December 5-11 at every Apple location Thursday, November 17, 2016 · 3:27 pm · 3 Comments Apple today opened registration for Hour of Code workshops at all 487 Apple retail locations worldwide, from December 5 through 11 in celebration of Computer Science Education Week. Among the most popular events at the Apple Store, Hour of Code workshops teach the basics of computer science with Code.org’s programming tutorials. Apple and Code.org share the goal of giving every student the opportunity to learn computer science. “Hour of Code embodies our vision for Apple stores as a place for the community to gather, learn and be entertained,” said Angela Ahrendts, Apple’s senior vice president of Retail, in a statement. “We’re proud to introduce the Swift Playgrounds app into the workshops and honored to again work side-by-side with Code.org on this incredibly important initiative. Hour of Code is one of the absolute highlights of the year for both our teams and the families that visit our stores.” “Since we started Hour of Code in 2013, Apple has each year upped its participation and found ways to introduce more kids to computer science,” said Hadi Partovi, founder and CEO of Code.org, in a statement. “The global footprint Apple offers through its stores and talented staff has reached tens of thousands of kids, and with the introduction of Hour of Code in Swift Playgrounds we can introduce coding to even more.” Swift Playgrounds This year, Hour of Code programs at many Apple locations will include an introduction to Swift Playgrounds, the free new app for iPad that brings coding to life. The interactive interface of Swift Playgrounds encourages beginners to explore working with Swift, the easy-to-learn programming language from Apple, used by professional developers to create world-class apps. “Coding is just like any language, the earlier you’re exposed the more successful you’ll be,” said Craig Federighi, Apple’s senior vice president of Software Engineering, in a statement. “Whether at an Apple Store, in a classroom, or at home with an iPad, Swift Playgrounds brings real coding concepts to life and empowers the next generation with the skills they need to express their creativity.” A new Hour of Code challenge in Swift Playgrounds makes it easy for anyone to set up their own one-hour coding event, and for those continuing to build their coding skills on iPad, Swift Playgrounds adds a new Learn to Code 3 set of lessons and a companion Teacher Guide. Hour of Code for Educators In addition to in-store workshops, Apple has developed a series of tools to extend Hour of Code into schools and community centers, including a free facilitator guide offering lesson ideas, group activities and more. Apple Teacher, a free, professional self-paced learning program supporting and celebrating teachers in the US, has added resources, badging and recognition for learning and teaching coding with Swift Playgrounds on iPad. Continuing Apple’s $100 million commitment and ongoing partnership to provide 114 underserved schools with technology, services and support, Apple will provide materials and resources to assist ConnectED schools around the country to host their own Hour of Code workshops. MacDailyNews Take: Everyone can code! More info: http://www.apple.com/retail/code/ Categories: News Tags: Angela Ahrendts, Apple retail locations, Apple Teacher, Code.org, computer science, Craig Federighi, Hadi Partovi, Hour of Code, software devleopers, Swift, Swift Playgrounds Thank You for supporting MacDailyNews! Loading... Comment Feed 3 Comments grogger4 Thursday, November 17, 2016 - 4:11 pm · Reply I am young like my apple products. Why can I not understand how to start write code. I want really want to. I try reading some stuff I do not know were to start. I want to go but I won’t be able to get to a apple store. I just need to understand how to start. Constance Greene Thursday, November 17, 2016 - 11:15 pm · Reply Even if you can’t get to an Apple Store, Apple can still help you. Here is their web page for people like you and me, who want to learn more about coding: http://www.apple.com/education/everyone-can-code/?CID=mkts-edu-ecc-coderesources Derek Currie Thursday, November 17, 2016 - 11:51 pm · Reply Much of what Apple will be teaching is available for free online. Visit the Code.org website to help you get started: https://code.org Apple’s beginner app, which they’ll be using in their classes, is Swift Playgrounds. It uses Apple new, easier and safer to use, programming language called Swift. If you have any recent iOS device, you can download it for free and use it. https://www.apple.com/swift/playgrounds/ Add Your Feedback Name (required) Email (required) Web cancel reply Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Recent Articles Yes, Apple is throttling download speeds for iPhone 7 and 7 Plus Verizon and Sprint versions Jim Cramer: Two reasons why President Trump could save Apple billions Would-be buyers still waiting for Apple’s AirPods Jony Ive’s design book is much more than an ego trip Apple’s modem choices may leave Verizon iPhone users feeling throttled President Trump’s attorney general pick Jeff Sessions could restart the encryption fight Apple’s Federighi: Automation technologies will continue to be supported in macOS Apple syncs call logs via iCloud, but it’s more of an annoyance than security risk Analyst: iPhone 7/Plus supply remains constrained, Apple unlikely meet demand by year end Could President Trump be the catalyst for an all-American iPhone? MacDailyNews Poll Follow Blog via Email Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Join 21,444 other followers  Top 10 Free Mac Apps Flappy Golf 2 - Noodlecake Studios Inc Xcode - Apple The Unarchiver - Dag Agren App for Instagram - Instant at your desktop! - Joacim Ståhl Kindle - AMZN Mobile LLC Microsoft Remote Desktop - Microsoft Corporation Dr. Cleaner: Disk,Memory,System Optimizer - Trend Micro App for Youtube - Instant at your desktop! - Joacim Ståhl Fotor Photo Editor - Chengdu Everimaging Science and Technology Co., Ltd Microsoft OneNote - Microsoft Corporation  Top 10 Paid Mac Apps GarageBand - Apple Magnet - CrowdCafé The Sims™ 2: Life Stories - Aspyr Media, Inc. Logic Pro X - Apple Civilization VI - Aspyr Media, Inc. Adware Doctor - Remove Adware, Malware, and Restore Your Browser - YONGMING ZHANG App for WhatsApp - Bastian Roessler The Sims™ 2: Super Collection - Aspyr Media, Inc. Pixelmator - Pixelmator Team Final Cut Pro - Apple  Top 10 Free iPad Apps YouTube - Watch and Share Videos, Music & Clips - Google, Inc. Netflix - Netflix, Inc. Design Home - Crowdstar Inc Hungry Shark World - Ubisoft Rolling Sky - Cheetah Technology Corporation Limited Minecraft: Story Mode - Telltale Inc Messenger - Facebook, Inc. Facebook - Facebook, Inc. GoNoodle Kids - GoNoodle, Inc. PinOut! - Mediocre AB  Top 10 iTunes Songs 24K Magic - Bruno Mars Love on the Weekend - John Mayer Closer (feat. Halsey) - The Chainsmokers Don't Wanna Know (feat. Kendrick Lamar) - Maroon 5 Let Me Love You (feat. Justin Bieber) - DJ Snake Starving (feat. Zedd) - Hailee Steinfeld & Grey Juju on That Beat (TZ Anthem) - Zay Hilfigerrr & Zayion McCall Blue Ain't Your Color - Keith Urban Heathens - twenty one pilots This Town - Niall Horan  Top 10 iTunes Albums 24K Magic - Bruno Mars The Weight of These Wings - Miranda Lambert A Pentatonix Christmas - Pentatonix Trolls (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) - Various Artists NOW That's What I Call Music!, Vol. 60 - Various Artists Traveller - Chris Stapleton Moana (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) [Deluxe Edition] - Various Artists That's Christmas To Me - Pentatonix Glory Days (Deluxe Concert Film Edition) - Little Mix Simply Christmas - Leslie Odom, Jr.  Top 10 iTunes Movies Suicide Squad (2016) - David Ayer Jason Bourne - Paul Greengrass The Take (2016) - James Watkins Star Trek Beyond - Justin Lin Kubo and the Two Strings - Travis Knight Hell or High Water - David Mackenzie Ghostbusters (2016) - Paul Feig Central Intelligence - Rawson Marshall Thurber The Legend of Tarzan (2016) - David Yates The Infiltrator - Brad Furman  Top 10 iTunes TV Shows You Haven't Done Nothin' - Grey's Anatomy Service - The Walking Dead The Traitor - Designated Survivor Who's Dead? - How to Get Away with Murder The Geology Elevation - The Big Bang Theory Coming Home Was a Mistake - The Vampire Diaries Thanksgiving Jamboree - Modern Family Iron Squadron - Star Wars Rebels Chapter 10 - American Horror Story The Cell - The Walking Dead  Top 10 Audiobooks Scrappy Little Nobody (Unabridged) - Anna Kendrick The Whistler (Unabridged) - John Grisham Catalyst (Star Wars): A Rogue One Novel (Unabridged) - James Luceno Superficial: More Adventures from the Andy Cohen Diaries (Unabridged) - Andy Cohen No Man's Land: John Puller Series (Unabridged) - David Baldacci The Girl on the Train: A Novel (Unabridged) - Paula Hawkins Night School: A Jack Reacher Novel, Book 21 (Unabridged) - Lee Child The Wrong Side of Goodbye: A Harry Bosch Novel, Book 21 (Unabridged) - Michael Connelly Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, Book 1 (Unabridged) - J.K. Rowling Settle for More (Unabridged) - Megyn Kelly News Opinion Contact Main RSS Comments RSS Facebook Tumblr Twitter Archives Widget Advertise Privacy © Copyright 2002 - 2016 by MacDailyNews All Rights Reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP  
