Tech Entertainment Business Social Deals Podcast About Apps & Software 10 paid iPhone apps on sale for free today Zach Epstein @zacharye January 26th, 2017 at 12:29 PM Share Tweet Another day, another batch of hot paid iPhone and iPad apps on sale for free. There are still a few freebies in Wednesday’s post, but today we’ve got 10 fresh options for you to browse through. You’ll find them all below, and remember, these sales could end at any time. Don't Miss: Everything new in iOS 10.3 These are paid iPhone and iPad apps that have been made available for free for a limited time by their developers. There is no way to tell how long they will be free. These sales could end an hour from now or a week from now — obviously, the only thing we can guarantee is that they were free at the time this post was written. If you click on a link and see a price listed next to an app instead of the word “get,” it is no longer free. The sale has ended. If you download the app, you will be charged. WaterMinder Normally $2.99. Loved by thousands of users all over the World. Get help with WaterMinder®, an easy, intuitive app to track your water intake. Based on your body weight (or your personal goal), WaterMinder® will remind you to drink water to reach your daily goals. By seeing current water fill visually and in percents you will instantly know how well you are hydrated! “This app has changed my life. I never think of drinking water and often end up dehydrated. Thanks to the watch complication I’m always aware of how much is left to drink and filling the ring has become a game to me. This is the app I use most on Apple Watch. The difference with other apps in the category? The app stayed simple and not bloated with unnecessary stuff, the watch complication is a circle which fits perfectly next to the activity rings. This app is exactly what an Apple Watch app should be: fast, simple, useful, good looking, and upon all not doing too much. Five stars is the least you deserve!” “A must have – I love this app!!! It reminds me to drink water all day with such a hectic schedule I forget sometimes and this is just a little reminder of how much water you’re supposed to drink my skin looks better I feel better must have app!!!” “Went beyond my expectations – Usually I download these apps and they hardly ever have long shelf life’s, but this app is a keeper. The reminder really helps and motivates me to drink water. I also love how visual the accomplishment is. Definitely worth looking into and happily satisfied.” “PERFECT – I absolutely love this app!!!! It really helps if you have kidney problems. I was having bad kidney pains because I wasn’t sure how much water to drink in a day so I was only getting about 1/2 if what I was supposed to be getting until now. To the creators., THANK YOU” “Amazing App! – This is an amazing app. I’m someone who has trouble remembering to drink fluids during the day, I’m more of a snacker. But I found this really helpful since I’m generally dehydrated. I like that it has reminders & how you can see your progress.” “Awesome -Great for the breast feeding mom.” “Great app – Clean and simple!” “Love this – Super simple and easy to use, FANTASTIC way to keep up with your hydration, which is oh so important. Plus cool facts to keep you informed and further motivated. Thanks guys!!!” Keeping track of your daily water intake needs and making sure your body is well hydrated is not an easy task in todays busy world. Let WaterMinder® help you! ◆◆◆ Main Features ◆◆◆ ● Clean visual view of your current water fill ● Simple, quick and easy to use interface (just tap on 1 icon and a menu opens with your options to log/track your water intake) ● Pre-defined cups for quick tracking ● Create custom cups ● Create unlimited custom reminders ● History and Graph, see your progress ● Badge icon displaying your goal or current water fill ● US oz, UK oz and ML units ● Free guide to drinking water Stay healthy, and drink more water – hydrate yourself! Download WaterMinder Animated Face Emoji Normally $0.99. iMessage sticker package with animated Face Emojis. Kaomoji is a popular Japanese emoticon style made up of Japanese characters and special characters, and are used to express emotion in text messaging and Social communication. -27 stickers included. -Realistic animation. -With iOS 10 iMessage features, You can drag the sticker on attached pictures, stickers, and any other text messages. Download Animated Face Emoji Touch Album Normally $0.99. Any person may have the time to lend the phone to someone else, but the album does not want others to see the photos how to do? Fingerprint album is to avoid this embarrassment and the birth! Press the Home key to immediately lock the password to others when he disguised the password just fine! * Fingerprint unlock, convenient and quick. * Super security, each image is an independent encryption algorithm, even if the picture is not to decrypt the source file. * HD original image encryption, never compressed. * Unlimited capacity, unlimited photos and video, the number of mobile phone capacity will be able to install how many photos. * A key to select all mobile phone or computer to import pictures and videos, support picture export, does not support video export. * Enable Touch ID (fingerprint unlock). * Support camouflage password, disguise the password function and the normal user, just another user, the data is isolated from each other. * Each image uses an independent encryption algorithm, according to the characteristics of each picture using a different encryption algorithm. * Do not back up photos in the server, there is no disclosure of risk, uninstall the app after the photo is permanently deleted. * Can be set to any complex password. * You can set the favorite picture, very convenient to be able to find. * Simple and fresh interface. * Support password protection to retrieve the password, in addition to no other way to retrieve the password. * Duplicate images are automatically excluded when adding photos from your system album. Please note: – In order to protect user privacy, we do not provide manual password recovery function, set the secret security issues, please bear in mind the answer. – After uninstalling the software, all the pictures will be lost. – If you forget the secret answer, uninstall reload can, but the photos will be lost. Download Touch Album FrameLapse Normally $1.99. Make every moment of your life an instant moving picture. Create stunning time-lapses and stop motion videos, and share them with your friends. – Change the frame interval – Set a timer – Front and back camera support – Video frame rate – Custom video duration – Add text or stickers – Stunning filters – Stop motion with onion skin – Import image sequences – Import videos – Use any song from your library as sound track of your video – Share on Instagram, Facebook, Messenger, Twitter and many others – Create MP4 or GIF animation – Intuitive interface You can create back-and-forth looped videos/gifs, stop-motion videos/gifs, jitter/wiggle videos/gifs, time lapse videos/gifs, slideshow videos/gifs Download FrameLapse Telepaste Normally $0.99. Download Telepaste for Mac for free at: https://jinghan.me/telepaste/resources/Telepaste4Mac.zip Copy and paste between devices within 1 second! Not more than one button need to be pressed! No wifi/bluetooth connection is needed! Auto generate QR codes from clipboard! Auto copy decoded content to clipboard! You can even auto save to your photo library! URL, phone numbers or time detection, one tap to browse, to call or to create an event! Especially useful for those who have more than one iOS devices. Telepaste uses QR codes as a media, is able to auto capture contents from your pasteboard and generate QR code before you get in the app. You don’t have to press any button to generate the code! Telepaste also supports auto-copying the decoded contents to the pasteboard, really a convenient utility! Don’t miss it! Download Telepaste Space Trek Normally $2.99. STORY DRIVEN, SCI-FI, FLYING SHOOTER “Humans… I’ve heard you evolved from monkeys, is that true?” Zhbyhr-Knagar Pilot As Captain Jay, you take control of a Space Jet deployed on an alien world. The Planet you’re on is inhabited by Knagar, a race of big, green, self important bullies. You must fight your way thru, outsmart them and save the survivors. Fortunately Jay is always there to throw a nice punchline when things get ugly. TOTAL CONTROL Intuitive, accelerometer and virtual speed slider make managing the ship a pure pleasure. TACTICAL SKIRMISHES Fight floating drones, destroy Knagar ships, attack turrets, and deal with gigantic worms before they swallow your ship or electroduce you. EXPLORE, FIGHT, RESCUE Access your handy map and don’t get lost on one of 6 big levels, pick up keycards, deactivate forcefields, save survivors and collect powerups. SHIP’S CAPTAIN Re-Arm your ship to use one of 6 weapons, Quark Dispeller or Anti-Matter Thrower, or maybe Mega Rockets? ENERGIZE YOURSELF Re-Charge your ship’s battery by flying over heat bursting volcanoes. Then use the surplus to power your weapons or energy shield. EYE-POPPING High-Res graphics suspended in a 3D world accompanied by immerse light effects: explosions, vortexes, thunders. SARCASTIC Enjoy humorous dialogs that accompany the player through the game. CINEMATICS The game has 4 minute long fun cinematics in it. Check them all out in the full version. SURVIVAL MODE Play endlessly with survival mode and compete with other players around the world. Find out more at: http://www.frost3d.com Download Space Trek Bazaart Normally $4.99. You won’t believe what you can create! Frequently featured by Apple in “Apps We Love” and “Edit Your Photos”. Award-winning app Bazaart will help you make beautiful edits, gorgeous photo manipulations and stunning collages with state-of-the-art creative tools, fast processing times, and unparalleled simplicity. Get ready to discover boundless creativity. GET CREATIVE • Select photos, scale, rotate, position, duplicate and flip with simple touch gestures • Remove the background from any photo with surgeon precision, automatically or manually • Cut out photos artistically with the finger cut-out tool • Apply pressure to perfectly cut out photos with Pencil on iPad Pro and 3D Touch on iPhone 6S and up • Edit in full wide color gamut on the iPad Pro, iPhone 7 and 7 Plus • Enjoy multitasking on the iPad: Slide Over and Split View support • Enhance your photos with powerful adjustments: opacity, exposure, contrast, saturation, vibrance, warmth, tint, blur, shadows and highlights • Add up to 100 layers, with full support for non-destructive editing: each layer is independently editable and changes are completely reversible • Use photos from your camera, photo albums, or web search • Add hundreds of amazing backgrounds and stickers • Add text using a great selection of beautiful fonts • Apply fabulous photo filters • Create comfortably using Portrait or Landscape mode • Create edits in multiple formats: portrait, square or landscape • Save as an image with an opaque or transparent background (PNG) • Save in HD quality GET PRO WITH ADOBE TOOLS • Use advanced free Adobe photo editing tools directly in Bazaart, powered by Adobe CreativeSync • Export to a Photoshop PSD file with Adobe Creative Cloud and continue editing on the desktop • Import from a Photoshop PSD file with Adobe Creative Cloud and continue editing on the go • Access your Adobe Creative Cloud files GET SOCIAL • Join a vibrant, inspiring and supportive creator community • Discover amazing creations by other users • Tap on any creation to explore its individual photos • Connect with people who inspire you by liking, commenting and following • Share creations on Instagram, WhatsApp, Facebook, Twitter, Text, Email, and wherever you want PREMIUM SUBSCRIPTION The upgrade to Premium provides full access to saving in HD, saving and re-editing projects, saving transparent Images, unlimited web search, finger cut-out brushes, photo adjustments, backgrounds, fonts and stickers, Adobe integrated functionality, and removes the watermark. Should you choose to upgrade to a Premium subscription, payment will be charged to your iTunes account at confirmation of purchase. The monthly subscription is $4.99 per month, the quarterly subscription is $11.99 per quarter, while the yearly subscription is $19.99 per year (prices may vary by location). Your subscription renews automatically unless cancelled at least 24 hours prior to the end of the current period. Cancellation of the current active subscription period is not allowed. Auto-renewal may be turned off in your Account Settings in iTunes after purchase. You can also manage your subscriptions in Account Settings after purchase. Download Bazaart ContactsXL 2016 Normally $0.99. With ContactsXL you can manage your contacts and create groups. Quickly send group text and email. Quickly call your favorite contacts. Get notified on contacts’ birthdays and anniversaries. Delete the duplicates from your address book. Backup and share contacts. Use a quick phone dialer. View contact photos in lists. And so much more! Features: MANAGE CONTACTS AND GROUPS: Create, edit and delete contacts! Create, rename, organize and delete groups and smart groups! SEND GROUP TEXT AND EMAIL: Quickly send messages to groups unlike with native apps that require you to add contacts one by one! You can use message templates and attach photos to your messages! PHOTO DIALER FOR FAVORITES: Quickly access your favorites and call them by tapping on their photo! BIRTHDAY REMINDERS: You get notified of birthdays, anniversaries and all other dates in your address book! DELETE THE DUPLICATE CONTACTS: Delete the duplicates from your address book! BACKUP CONTACTS: Backup contacts and restore them at any time right from your iDevice! Share backup files by text message, email or to your computer via iTunes! FAST T9 DIALER: Quickly dial with the built-in T9 dialer that suggests contact numbers as you tap buttons! (iPhone only) SHARE CONTACT CARDS Share contact cards by message and choose the fields to share! SHARE CONTACT INFO: Share contact information by message (their names, phones, emails, notes, etc..)! SEARCH INFO IN ALL FIELDS: Search contact info in all contact fields: phones, emails, notes, etc..! SORT CONTACTS BY ANY FIELD: Sort contacts by any field: company, job, date of modification, etc..! QUICKLY CREATE CONTACTS: Duplicate contact information to create new contacts faster! QUICKLY DELETE CONTACTS: Delete multiple contacts at once! Filter contacts for an easy deletion (contacts without number, without notes, etc..)! SMART GROUPS: Simply define rules and smart groups will update automatically! ADD APPOINTMENTS WITH CONTACTS Quickly link contacts to events in the calendar! CUSTOMIZE THE APP: Choose theme, photos size, photos shape, etc..! THE APP IS UNIVERSAL: ContactsXL is compatible with iPhone and iPad! Download ContactsXL 2016 Explorer for GitHub Normally $0.99. Explore the open source world in GitHub. Read and enjoy code everyday. – GitHub trending – GitHub showcases – GitHub search Download Explorer for GitHub ReliCam Normally $0.99. Focus. You Control. ReliCam, the Manual Photo & Video Camera App made with photographers in mind. ReliCam gives you Manual Controls to take advantage of your device’s camera for Photos and Video including: Focus | ISO | Shutter Speed | Zoom* Other features include: RAW Support* Grid Lines Heads-Up Display Fine Tuning Control Sharing Auto Focus Hi and Low Resolution option ReliCam Remote for Apple Watch lets you use your Apple Watch as your device’s camera trigger. * (Zoom available for iPhone). * (RAW Available on supporting devices) We’d love to hear from you to help make ReliCam better, please give us feedback by writing a review and rating ReliCam here on the App Store. Thank you to those who have already given us feedback. Download ReliCam Tags: Apps, appsale, iPad, iPhone View Comments Trending 1 Apps & Software Google Docs just got a whole lot more powerful on iOS and Android 2 Mobile Apple’s iPhone 8 might look a lot like this 3 Mobile The iPhone 8 might take a revolutionary approach to sensors 4 Mobile The Honor 8 has the same specs as the Galaxy S7, but it’s on sale for $340 unlocked 5 Mobile The iPhone 7 might be losing a fight with its older brother Picked For You The iPhone 7 might be losing a fight with its older brother By Mike Wehner January 26th at 8:00 PM Amazon sale drops Fire Essentials Bundle to its lowest price ever By Maren Estrada January 26th at 8:20 AM Netflix for Android just got a new feature iPhone owners will never see By Chris Smith January 25th at 7:18 PM Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad Post to Cancel
Login All Reviews Editorials News Dropcam Founder Greg Duffy Joining Apple Could be a Smart Home Boost Apple's December Earnings Report Set for January 31st Apple Joins Partnership on AI as a Founding Member Tips How to Enable Night Shift in macOS 10.12.4 macOS Sierra: Using Content-Aware Reminders Podcasts Apple's Clean Energy Efforts, Partnership on AI - TMO Daily Observations 2017-01-27 Making iPhones in the US, APFS Comes to iOS 10.3 - TMO Daily Observations 2017-01-26 View All Results → V-Moda Crossfade LP2 Headphones Sweat the Details iKlip Grip Pro an Excellent Multifunction Tripod, Monopod, Selfie Stick Minix NEO C Mini USB-C to HDMI: Low Cost, Low Weight Just Mobile's AluCharge 4-Port USB-A Charger Falls Just Short Matias Wireless Aluminum Keyboard: The Apple Keyboard You've Been Looking For View All Reviews → How Can We Tell if Our Love for Apple is Logical or Biased? Meet Alo, A Phone Concept From The Future Just in Cases: iPhone Protection 2017 Your Apple Watch Could Eventually Become a Complete BioMed Lab Apple's Multiple OS Family Used to Be a Good Idea View All Editorials → Dropcam Founder Greg Duffy Joining Apple Could be a Smart Home Boost Jeff Gamet @jgamet · +Jeff Gamet Jan 27th, 2017 4:03 PM EST | News Dropcam founder and Next executive Greg Duffy has a new gig at Apple, but no one is saying what he’s doing. Considering his inner drive to create cool new things, it’s a safe bet Apple brought him on board for a very interesting project, like the rumored Echo competitor. Greg Duffy is bringing his smart home savvy to Apple Mr. Duffy started Dropcam, the home monitoring camera platform, in 2009 with Aamir Virani. He sold the company to Nest in 2014, which is one of several companies along with Google under Alphabet. He worked with Nest for several months before bailing out of the company and later publicly slammed Nest Founder Tony Fadell for mismanaging the company. Since he didn’t jump into another startup, Apple must’ve presented him with a sweet deal. Considering his history, he’s likely part of Apple’s smart home team which includes HomeKit. That doesn’t, however, mean Apple is planning on making its own smart home devices. Instead, Mr. Duffy may be playing a role in developing HomeKit technologies other companies will incorporate into their products. Apple’s HomeKit platform has been growing as more companies get on board, but it’s still a small part of the smart home market. It’s also cumbersome to add new devices, at least when compared to Amazon’s Alexa platform for the Echo and Echo Dot. Mr. Duffy may be able to help address those shortcomings, and help drive HomeKit growth. It’s also possible he’s working on Apple’s rumored Siri-based Echo and Google Home competitor. Still, Apple isn’t saying what Mr. Duffy’s role is which leaves us to speculate on our own, and we’re going with smart home and HomeKit technology. [Thanks to the Information for the heads up] Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Email Print Tumblr Tags: Apple, Greg Duffy, smarthome Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials How Can We Tell if Our Love for Apple is Logical or Biased? John Martellaro | January 27, 2017 Meet Alo, A Phone Concept From The Future Andrew Orr | January 27, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Are you the Resident Geek for your friends, family and co-workers? If so, you might enjoy hanging out with other like-minded folks on the Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group. Come join the fun! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $121.95 +0.01 (0.01%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Dropcam Founder Greg Duffy Joining Apple Could be a Smart Home Boost Apple's December Earnings Report Set for January 31st Apple Joins Partnership on AI as a Founding Member HBO Go Gets TV App, Single Sign On Support Apple Extends Developer Promo for App Store Search Ads Recent Tips See All » How to Enable Night Shift in macOS 10.12.4 macOS Sierra: Using Content-Aware Reminders Report Problem iTunes Purchases through Apple's Website Apple Watch: Adjusting Your Move Goal on the Fly macOS Sierra: PiPifier Gives You Picture-in-Picture For All Videos Recent Editorials See All » How Can We Tell if Our Love for Apple is Logical or Biased? Meet Alo, A Phone Concept From The Future Just in Cases: iPhone Protection 2017 Your Apple Watch Could Eventually Become a Complete BioMed Lab Apple's Multiple OS Family Used to Be a Good Idea 10280 Jeff Gamet news 0 1485533012 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
x PhoneArena is hiring! Reviewer in the USA PhoneArena Search Login Register Home Phones Carriers Verizon AT&T Sprint T-Mobile View all Manufacturers Samsung Sony Apple HTC LG Huawei Motorola Google View all Phone tools Phone finder New phones Popular phones Compare phones Size compare Best phones Camera comparison Benchmarks Tablets Carriers Verizon AT&T Sprint T-Mobile Manufacturers Apple Samsung Asus Amazon Tablet tools Tablet finder New tablets Popular tablets Compare tablets News Reviews Videos Tip us Home Phones Carriers Verizon AT&T Sprint T-Mobile more ... Brands Samsung Apple LG Motorola Sony HTC Huawei Google more ... Tablets Carriers Verizon AT&T Sprint T-Mobile more ... Brands Samsung Motorola HTC LG BlackBerry Apple Nokia more ... News Reviews Videos Tip us Tools Phone Finder Compare phones Size compare Camera comparison Best phones Discussions Benchmarks Show menu Home › News › Apple Support iPhone app availability expands to 20 more countries Apple Support iPhone app availability expands to 20 more countries Posted: 26 Jan 2017, 22:33, by Cosmin V. Share Tweet Share Tags : iOS-iOS+ Apple-Apple+ Apps-Apps+ Initially introduced in the Netherlands, Apple's official Support application for iPhone and iPad made its debut in the United States back in November. Since then, the Cupertino company worked hard to bring the app to even more countries. Today, Apple announced that the application is now available for download in 20 more countries via the App Store. The Support app allows iOS users to interact faster and easier with Apple's support system, which will provide them with helpful tips and advice. When in need, iOS users are given quick links to chat, phone, and email via Support app, as well as options to schedule appointments with a Genius Bar or other service providers. Step-by-step guides and Apple ID identification are provided as well. Starting today, the Support app for iPhone is available in the following countries: Australia, Belgium, Brazil, Canada, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Ireland, Italy, Japan, Liechtenstein, Macau, Mexico, Netherlands, Singapore, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, United Kingdom, and the United States. Keep in mind that the application is compatible with all devices running iOS 9 or later. Those who live in countries that are not on the list will not see the Support app in the App Store. Apple Support for iOS Popular galleries 7 key new features and visuals of the Android 7 Nougat update for your Galaxy S7 and S7 edge Pixel vs Nexus UI comparison: are there any major differences? Best smartphones you can buy right now: December 2016 #TheNextGalaxy: Here are 8 rumored features of the Samsung Galaxy S8, S8 edge, and S8 Plus #PlayEvenMore: Here are 10 anticipated LG G6 features Brainteaser reimagined: the remastered Myst game has finally hit the Play Store! These paid iOS apps are free for a limited time Best, lightest, and most awesome Android launchers Four awesome Android games with slashed price tags! HTC U Ultra specs review FIT 100%-+ ‹ PREV 1 of 5 NEXT › image image image image image View As One Page » View As Slideshow » Apple Support for iOS 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. source: AppleInsider Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 could receive Android 7.0 Nougat update very soon 26 Jan Prev news HTC 10 Nougat update delayed for mainland Europe 26 Jan Next news Close newer posts Results: What do you hate the most about mobile games? 27 Jan A ton of classic SEGA soundtracks now available on Spotify 27 Jan Official video shows how a 30 minute commute powers up a OnePlus 3T for 27 Jan HTC 10 Nougat update delayed for mainland Europe 26 Jan Now reading: Apple Support iPhone app availability expands to 20 more countries Apple Support iPhone app availability expands to 20 more countries 26 Jan Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 could receive Android 7.0 Nougat update very soon 26 Jan New BlackBerry smartphone with Qualcomm Snapdragon 425 CPU coming soon? 26 Jan Google Docs and Sheets snag several new features with the latest update 26 Jan Remember Saygus? We got an exclusive sit-down with founder and CEO Chad 26 Jan Swype Keyboard updated with emoji predictions, text engine improvements 26 Jan older posts Featured stories   LG receives two patents for foldable phones   Selfie camera comparison: Google Pixel vs the rest   BlackBerry Mercury: All you need to know   Google Pixel XL vs OnePlus 3T   Best music apps for iPhone and iPad   Remember Saygus? We got an exclusive sit-down with founder and CEO Chad Sayers 9 Comments Follow Following Options Close Always view all comments Show comments: default hide low rated show moderated comments Display mode: Threaded Chronological Newest first Save posted on 2 days ago, 22:50 0 Reply 1. youssef44 (Posts: 136; Member since: 29 Apr 2014) we want apple to expand "apple pay" soon! posted on 2 days ago, 23:24 1 Reply 2. ibend (Posts: 5513; Member since: 30 Sep 2014) samsung pay FTW posted on 2 days ago, 23:40 0 Reply 3. batmite (Posts: 50; Member since: 19 Jan 2017) I'm loving what I see from Apple here. They always find a way to do something innovative to support its users. Apple does, and others will follow. posted on yesterday, 07:34 1 Reply 4. KingSam (Posts: 361; Member since: 13 Mar 2016) U mean like plexls 24hr support? posted on yesterday, 10:58 0 Reply 8. batmite (Posts: 50; Member since: 19 Jan 2017) Stop being so salty. posted on yesterday, 09:30 0 Reply 5. sissy246 (Posts: 2481; Member since: 04 Mar 2015) Hahahahaha yeah right. So PA, why did you close the comment section on this article after 54 comments. Maybe because you didn't like what people were saying about your beloved iphone camera. You never close comment sections on other phones. "Best iPhone camera, photo and video editing apps (2017 edition)" posted on yesterday, 10:57 0 Reply 7. batmite (Posts: 50; Member since: 19 Jan 2017) What are you babbling about now? posted on yesterday, 10:07 0 Reply 6. FrenchGuy (Posts: 122; Member since: 12 Dec 2014) It reminds me of pixels assistance 24/24. Just sayin' posted on yesterday, 10:59 0 Reply 9. batmite (Posts: 50; Member since: 19 Jan 2017) It's nothing compared to what Apple provides. Just sayin'. view all comments Want to comment? Please login or register. Show menu Home › News › Apple Support iPhone app availability expands to 20 more countries Apple Support iPhone app availability expands to 20 more countries Popular stories Last week Last 2 days Most commented   Claim a free phone and bonus 4G LTE data from MetroPCS   Samsung Galaxy S8 to be dealing away with the camera bump?   Cricket counters MetroPCS with a list of free and discounted phones; high-speed data hiked on plans   J.P. Morgan sees a 90% chance of T-Mobile getting bought out within five years 1 2 3 4 Recent Articles Remember Saygus? We got an exclusive sit-down with founder and CEO Chad Sayers 5 things I hate about mobile games and why they're actually good Pixel vs Nexus UI comparison: are there any major differences? 1 2 3 4 Hot Phones Apple iPhone 7 9.3 Review HTC U Ultra Samsung Galaxy S7 9 Review LG G5 8.3 Review Apple iPhone 7 Plus 9.3 Review Samsung Galaxy Note 7 8.7 Review Google Pixel XL 9 Review HTC 10 9 Review Latest stories   1 2 Interesting stories Best iPhone camera apps Best music apps for iPhone and iPad 5 things I hate about mobile games and why they're actually good Camera comparison: Google Pixel vs iPhone, Galaxy S7 edge, LG V20 Samsung concludes Galaxy Note 7 battery investigation Why can't small batteries charge in seconds? Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom is announced with 2.3X optical zoom camera CES 2017: What to expect Home Manufacturers Carriers News Reviews Discussions Videos PhoneArena network: CDN services by: Affiliates: Cell phone accessories, Cell Phone Accessories, PubGalaxy About Us . Advertise . Contact Us . Database Licensing . Links . Jobs All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2017 phoneArena.com. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy . Terms of use . Cookies . Team View mobile version  
Share Tweet How to jailbreak your iPhone or iPad running iOS 10.2 Search Macworld All All News Reviews Features How-Tos Downloads Apple Apple News Apple Reviews Mac Mac Reviews MacBook Reviews Mac News How To Mac Software Reviews Mac Software Downloads iPad iPad Reviews iPad App Reviews iPad News iPad How To iPhone iPhone Reviews iPhone App Reviews iPhone News iPhone How To News Apple Mac Mac Software iPad iPhone iOS Apps Reviews MacBook iMac Mac Pro Mac mini Mac Software iPhone iPad iPod iOS Apps Apple TV Apple Watch iOS and Mac Accessories How To Mac Mac Software iPad iPhone iOS Apps Forums Macworld forum Deals Open Menu Share This Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube RSS Hot Topics AirPods review How to fix new MacBook Pro 2016 hardware problems iPhone 7s release date Apple Watch 2 Best iPhone buying guide 2017 Latest Apple Deals » Home How to iPhone How to How to jailbreak an iPhone or iPad in iOS 10 or iOS 9 How to jailbreak an iPhone or iPad in iOS 10 and iOS 9: iOS 10.2 jailbreak released, although iPhone 7 users are out of luck (for now) If you're sick of being limited to Apple-approved apps, have you consider jailbreaking your iPhone or iPad? Here's how to jailbreak in iOS 10 and iOS 9, along with the latest iOS jailbreak news. by Lewis Painter | 27 Jan 17 Share Tweet Send ﻿ Hi. I saw this on Macworld UK and thought you should see it too. Comments Contents A warning tethered. semi-tethered and untethered jailbreaking How to jailbreak an iPhone or iPad running iOS 10.2 How to jailbreak an iPhone or iPad running iOS 9.2 – iOS 9.3.3 How to jailbreak an iPhone or iPad running iOS 9.0 - 9.0.2 Secure your jailbroken device How to restore your jailbroken iPhone without losing the jailbreak Jailbreaking your iPhone or iPad is a risky process that we can't unreservedly recommend, but it remains popular among those who wish to install unofficial apps and tweaks on their smartphone or tablet via the Cydia marketplace. Here's how to jailbreak your iPhone or iPad in iOS 10 - and iOS 9, too.  (What is jailbreaking? In essence, it means bypassing the locks put in place by Apple on its iPhones and iPads and thus gaining access to a large number of apps that Apple hasn't authorised. For explanations of this and many, many more Apple-related terms, see our Apple jargon-buster encyclopedia.) Read next: Should you jailbreak an iPhone? Jailbreaking safety and security tips | How to update to the latest version of iOS on an iPhone | How to take a screenshot on an iPhone | How to fix a broken iPhone Home button How to jailbreak an iPhone: A warning Some of the unofficial apps that you'll gain access to after jailbreaking are pretty tempting, and may offer features you'd never otherwise be able to access, but be weary; jailbreaking your iPhone and installing tweaks and apps from disreputable sources may lead to hackers being able to access your iPhone. We recommend only using reputable sources, such as those pre-loaded in Cydia, and staying away from any pirated repositories – it may be tempting to download tweaks for free, but you might be handing over access to all your personal information at the same time! Apple itself offers advice on the subject of jailbreaking (although you may feel that the company is biased in this respect since it wants to continue getting its cut of the revenue from official app sales). In this tech note, Apple suggests that jailbreaking your iOS device may lead to security vulnerabilities, instability, shortened battery life, unreliability, disruption of services and inability to apply future software updates. It may result in Apple denying service for your device. Nonetheless, many Apple fans have been jailbreaking iOS devices for years without encountering these issues. But once they've jailbroken such a device, they understand that they should expect no help from Apple if it causes them trouble in the future. With choice comes responsibility. Read: Pros and Cons of jailbreaking an iPhone. How to jailbreak an iPhone: tethered. semi-tethered and untethered jailbreaking What’s the difference between a tethered and untethered jailbreak? Tethered jailbreaks require you to attach your iOS device to your computer and run an application to jailbreak it. If you later power off the device and then restart it, the jailbreak is wiped out, and you have to repeat the entire process. It also means your iOS device is completely useless until you do so, which isn’t convenient. These kinds of jailbreak were the first to be developed. But what prospective jailbreakers wanted was an untethered method, where the hack would remain in effect even after the device was switched off and on again. This is called an untethered jailbreak, which is what is available for those looking to jailbreak iOS 10. A third option, semi-tethered, means that you'll have to re-run the jailbreak process after restarting your iOS device or after a certain amount of time passes. It's a good compromise as the jailbreak can be run directly from the device rather than requiring a PC or Mac, but can still be a frustrating experience.  Read next: How to put music on iPhone or iPad, set up playlists & more How to jailbreak an iPhone or iPad running iOS 10.2 So, if you want to jailbreak your iPhone or iPad running iOS 10.2, you’ll have to use the recently released Yalu jailbreak, however it’s not all smooth sailing. Unlike with other jailbreaks, the developer has flagged the Yalu jailbreak as being an alpha build, meaning there might be issues on your device. Proceed if you desire, or you can hold off for now and wait for a more stable build to be released in the coming weeks. Also, the jailbreak only supports certain devices at the time of writing: iPhone 6s iPhone 6s Plus iPad Pro iPhone SE Unfortunately, those with an iPhone 7 or 7 Plus are out of luck for now, although support should come in the following days or weeks, so we’d avoid updating to iOS 10.2.1 if you’re planning to jailbreak. For those with an iPhone 6s, 6s Plus, iPad Pro or iPhone SE, follow these instructions to jailbreak your iOS device running iOS 10.2. 1) The first step is to download the tools required – you can download the Yalu Jailbreak IPA for iOS 10.2 from here (named yalu102_alpha.ipa at the time of writing), and you can grab the appropriate version of Cydia Impactor (Mac, Windows, Linux) from here. 2) Unzip the Cydia Impactor file you downloaded above, and run it. 3) Once Cydia Impactor is running, connect the iOS device you want to jailbreak to your Mac/PC using the supplied Lightning cable. It should be automatically recognised by the app. 4) Once your iOS device is connected, drag yalu102_alpha.ipa (the Yalu jailbreak IPA) into the Cydia Impactor app, click the ‘Start’ button and click ‘OK’ when an Apple Developer Warning appears. 5) The next step is to ‘sign’ the app using an Apple ID – the developers assure users that the information is used only for signing the app and nothing more, but those who want to be more secure can opt for a secondary Apple ID. Anyway, input your Apple ID email address, click ‘OK’, then input your Apple ID password and click ‘OK’. 6) Cydia Impactor should then automatically prepare everything based on your input, and sign the IPA file. If all goes well, the Yalu app should then be installed on your iOS device. 7) On your iOS device, open the Settings menu and head to General > Profiles & Device Management. Tap the profile named as the Apple ID you signed in using the Cydia Impactor app and make sure you establish it as a trusted developer by tapping Trust. 8) Open the newly installed Yalu app (labelled yalu102) on your iOS device and press the Go button to initiate the jailbreak. 9) Wait while the jailbreak payload is injected into the device – this may take some time, and it’s important that you don’t touch your iOS device during this process. The screen will go white, then will reboot once the jailbreak has been completed. 10) Once the device has restarted, you should see Cydia appear on your Home screen – open the app and begin installing your favourite jailbreak apps and tweaks. As the jailbreak is only semi-tethered at the time of writing, you’ll have to re-run the Yalu app every time you restart your device to re-jailbreak it. If a fully untethered jailbreak is released in future, we’ll update this section so make sure you keep checking back soon. Read on to find out how to jailbreak an iOS device running iOS 9. >> Read on… Pages 1 2 3 Tags: iPhone , iPad , iOS Apps , iOS 8 , iOS 9 Share this article Share Tweet Send ﻿ Hi. I saw this on Macworld UK and thought you should see it too. Comments Comments Advertisement Nintendo Switch review: Hands-on with the intuitive modular console and its disappointing games… 1995-2015: How technology has changed the world in 20 years 11 ways company politics can thwart your projects How to jailbreak an iPhone or iPad in iOS 10 and iOS 9: iOS 10.2 jailbreak released, although iPhon)...… News Reviews How To Digital Magazines Apple Tech Deals Forums Apple Mac iPhone iPad Mac Downloads About Macworld Contact Site Map Information for advertisers Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Cookies UK Tech Weekly Podcast:Soundcloud/ iTunes Follow Macworld on Twitter Follow Macworld on Facebook © Copyright 2017 IDG UK. All Rights Reserved.
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian The Mercury News Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian IPhones, services to take spotlight in Apple’s… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Malia Obama joins protest Swift, Zayn’s hot video ‘Scandal’ was crazy Yoga mogul’s mysterious death The secret’s out! Did Lincecum march? Business Biz Break: iPhones, services to take spotlight in Apple’s earnings Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) PAI/BAY AREA NEWS GROUP Apple iPhone models from 2007 until the iPhone 7, which came out late last year. IPhone sales will be one of the main areas of focus when Apple reports its fiscal first-quarter results on Tuesday. By Rex Crum | rcrum@bayareanewsgroup.com | PUBLISHED: January 27, 2017 at 4:28 pm | UPDATED: January 27, 2017 at 4:57 pm Top of the Order:   An Apple a Day: Earnings reporting season has been in full swing for a couple of weeks. And we’ve seen some of the usual suspects report mostly decent results. Among big-name Bay Area companies, Netflix, Alphabet (Google), eBay, Chevron and Intel have all given us a look at how things went during their most-recent quarters, and how they expect business to shape up over the next three months. But, there remains one company that gets as much attention as just about all the others put together: Apple. And on Tuesday, when Apple delivers its fiscal first-quarter results, it will do so during a period of auspicious anniversaries and anticipation over where the world’s most-valuable company is headed. Those anniversaries include the iPhone turning 10 years old in early January, and marking one year since Apple delivered an earnings forecast in which it foresaw iPhone sales, and overall revenue, starting to decline. Related Articles Elon Musk says his “boring” tunnel plans could start soon Why Apple wants to power ahead with making products in India Biz Break: GoPro shares go ga-ga on hopes of holiday sales gains Biz Break: IBM said to be cutting jobs amid CEO’s big hiring plans Biz Break: Trump Era begins with stock markets getting back on track Analysts surveyed by Thomson Reuters estimate that Apple will report a profit of $3.22 a share, on revenue of $77.4 billion, for the three months that ended in December. The company itself has estimated sales for its biggest business period of the year would be between $76 billion and $78 billion. During the year-ago period, Apple earned $3.28 a share on $75.9 billion in sales. Among all the things that Apple does, investors and consumers will likely give their attention to two items above all others: iPhone sales and Apple’s services business. The iPhone should come as no surprise. Even as those sales have declined on a year-over-year basis for a few quarters, the iPhone remains Apple’s biggest source of earnings and revenue. Michael Olson, who covers Apple for Piper Jaffray said he thinks concerns about the iPhone’s performance over the last three months, and the first quarter of this year, may be a bit overblown. “Many investors fear iPhone units may be weak in the December and March quarters due to potential iPhone 7 buyers waiting for iPhone ‘X,'” Olson said. “We believe most consumers are not aware of the potential for a more significant upgrade coming in the fall, due to the 10th anniversary of the device and will, therefore, not hold back on upgrading now.” Services, which include sales of apps, Apple Music subscriptions, revenue from Apple Pay and other items, are seen as Apple’s next big growth engine. For the last two quarters, services have been Apple’s second-largest source of revenue. And during the company’s fiscal fourth-quarter, which ended in September 2016, services was the only one of Apple’s main business lines that saw sales grow from the prior year. “We see double-digit growth persisting and expect it to contribute to 10 percent of overall revenue,” said analyst Angelo Zino, of CFRA Research. “We see a greater percentage of higher-margin services revenue acting as a tailwind to margins over time.” And on Tuesday, we’ll get a look into how well services, and the rest of Apple’s businesses, are set up for what’s to come. Middle Innings: Welcome (Back) to the Club: Remember the year 2000? A two-term president was about to leave office. We had a close, and contentious election to choose his successor. And Microsoft had a market capitalization of $500 billion. By the end of that year, all of that had passed. And Microsoft wouldn’t reach that lofty valuation again until … Friday. After a strong earnings report Thursday, investors put more muscle behind Microsoft stock on Friday. By the time the market closed, Microsoft shares had risen by 2.4 percent to end the day at $65.78. That was good enough for Microsoft to end the week with a market capitalization of $511.5 billion. Sure, Microsoft still trails the valuation of Apple ($641.2 billion) and Alphabet ($574.5 billion), but a market cap of $511.5 billion is nothing to sneeze at, especially as it shows investors have plenty of faith in the new cloud-based efforts of Chief Executive Satya Nadella. Since Nadella became Microsoft’s CEO in February 2014, the company’s valuation has climbed by almost $200 billion. Bottom of the Lineup: Here’s a look at how some leading Silicon Valley stocks did Friday. Movin’ on Up: Gains came from Maxim Integrated Products, Accuray, RingCentral, Abaxis and KLA-Tencor. In the Red: Decliners included Synaptics, Super Micro Computer, Proofpoint, Aviat Networks and ShoreTel. The tech-focused Nasdaq Composite Index rose 0.1 percent to end the day at 5,660.78. The blue chip Dow Jones Industrial Average edged down by 0.04 percent to 20,093.78. And the broad-based Standard & Poor’s 500 Index slipped by 0.1 percent to finish the week at 2,294.69. Quote of the Day: “I found out changing a diaper. That was my drama. It wasn’t a good diaper either. Highlight of my day.” — Golden State Warriors forward Draymond Green, describing how on Thursday night he found out he had been selected to play in the NBA All-Star Game. Green will join fellow Warriors Steph Curry, Klay Thompson and Kevin Durant on the Western Conference All-Stars. Sign up for the 60-Second Business Break newsletter at www.siliconvalley.com. Tags:  60 Second Biz Break Apple iPhone Microsoft Technology Rex Crum Rex Crum is the senior web editor for the business section for The Mercury News and Bay Area News Group. He also writes about business and technology for the publications' print and web editions, and has covered business and technology for nearly two decades. A native of Seattle, he remains a diehard Seahawks and Mariners fan and is imparting his fandom to his Oakland-native wife and two young daughters. Follow Rex Crum @rexcrum Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Malia Obama joins Dakota Access pipeline protest at Sundance Manhunt: Sheriff’s Office ‘very confident’ Scotts Valley bank robbery suspect arrested 49ers NaVorro Bowman pays tribute to late coach: ‘I felt it was my duty to make his name live forever’ Tenants get relief as rents slide in San Jose, Oakland, San Francisco metro areas California yoga mogul’s mysterious death: Drunken last hours detailed San Jose cat killer may have to register as sex offender A major benefit to the Warriors’ team chemistry: No losing streaks Ask Amy: I spoke my mind about her girlfriend, then this happened More in Business Facebook’s Mark Zuckerberg wants to mend fences with Hawaiian neighbors after backlash January 27, 2017, 3:24 pm After facing a backlash on the Hawaiian island of Kauai, Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg and his wife, Dr. Priscilla Chan, have chosen to drop lawsuits aimed at compelling hundreds of Hawaiians to sell their land. Tesla’s Elon Musk confesses reaction to his Trump role is getting him ‘down’ January 27, 2017, 3:31 pm Tesla CEO Elon Musk and President Donald Trump have interests that align. Musk’s companies need government incentives, and the president can hold up those companies as examples of U.S. job creation. Tenants get relief as rents slide in San Jose, Oakland, San Francisco metro areas January 27, 2017, 5:05 pm Good news for tenants: A new analysis shows rents sliding throughout the region, from San Jose to San Francisco and Oakland. Facebook’s Zuckerberg and Sandberg criticize Trump’s executive actions January 27, 2017, 5:06 pm The Facebook COO has spoken out against the president’s reinstatement of a ban on U.S. aid to providers of abortion counseling and services overseas. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription All Access Subscriptions Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps Contact Us Corrections Reprints Archive Search Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Local Guide Fry’s Ad Public Notices © 2017 Digital First Media Site Map Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Bay Area News Group Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Networking Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Phones Printers Software Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Forums News Apple Computers Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Games Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español CNET Sci-Tech Apple joins AI research group Apple joins AI research group The famously secretive company joins competitors in a consortium that's researching the uses of artificial intelligence. Sci-Tech by Andrew Morse 27 January 2017 10:37 pm GMT Up Next Meet Jon Hamm, the hologram (aka the holohamm) Chesnot/Getty Images Siri, meet Alexa. Apple has joined the Partnership on AI, a nonprofit group researching the uses of artificial intelligence, the group said on Friday. The Partnership's members are a Who's Who of tech heavyweights that includes Amazon, Google, Facebook and Microsoft. It also includes IBM, the creator of the Watson supercomputer system that won the TV game show "Jeopardy!" "Apple has joined the Partnership on AI as a founding member," the group said in a post. "The company has been involved and collaborating with the Partnership since before it was first announced and is thrilled to formalize its membership." The Partnership's mission is "to study and formulate best practices on AI technologies, to advance the public's understanding of AI, and to serve as an open platform for discussion and engagement about AI and its influences on people and society." Joining the Partnership is the latest indication Apple is becoming less secretive. In December, the company published its first paper on AI, a sign it was ready to start sharing some of its research. Bloomberg News reported late Wednesday that Apple would likely join the Partnership. First published Jan. 26, 11:05 a.m. PT. Update, Jan. 27 at 2:37 p.m. PT: Adds confirmation of membership. Does the Mac still matter? Apple execs tell why the MacBook Pro was over four years in the making, and why we should care. Tech Enabled: CNET chronicles tech's role in providing new kinds of accessibility. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Sci-Tech Tech Industry Related Stories Zoo wants your help collecting deadly spiders Alien-looking 'E.T.' insect found trapped in ancient amber Beautiful scene shows universe is growing quicker than we knew Human-pig hybrid grown in lab. (Actually happened) Close   Discuss: Apple joins AI research group Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Meet Jon Hamm, the hologram (aka the holohamm) Scientists create human-pig hybrid Researchers at the Salk Institute have created something that could lead to human tissue production one day. by Iyaz Akhtar 1:19 Doomsday Clock adjusts, Ford issues two recalls Today's biggest tech headlines include a chilling move on the Doomsday Clock, a Samsung Galaxy S8 release date rumor and recalls for two of Ford's more popular vehicles. by Ashley Esqueda Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple You can already jailbreak iOS 10.2 Chris Mills BGR NewsJanuary 27, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share For every new update Apple puts out, there’s a small and intrepid team of hackers out on the internet trying to break Apple’s security. Running a jailbroken version of iOS lets you take full control of the software, and consequently install every UI tweak and additional feature you can think of. Jailbreaking used to be more popular, back in the day before you could delete the Stocks app, and pre-copy-and-paste. These days, it’s a more niche activity. Don't Miss: T-Mobile changes customer’s name to ‘IDIOT IDIOT’ after billing dispute But that hasn’t stopped hacker Luca Todesco from releasing a semi-stable iOS 10 jaibreak that works up to iOS 10.2, on most devices. So far, it works on the iPhone 6S or 6S Plus, iPhone SE and iPad Pro. There’s an iPhone 6 version in the works, according to the Reddit Jailbreak sub, but the iPhone 7 is going to be much harder to crack. A complete video guide to the procedure is embedded above, which only requires a little bit of technical proficiency. It’s not as involved as you might think, but it does require messing around with developer tools so you should at least know which end of the Lightning cable is which. In short, you need to download some files onto your computer (which you can find here), connect your device, use iTunes to install, then run the corresponding Yalu app on your phone to complete the jailbreak. Although this release is “semi-stable,” all jailbreaks do tend to be buggy, and there is always a danger with this that you might brick your device. Have fun — just make sure your data is safely backed up first. Trending right now: The iPhone 7 might be losing a fight with its older brother Two Galaxy S8 features that will seriously annoy you T-Mobile changes customer’s name to ‘IDIOT IDIOT’ after billing dispute See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Look at one of the most stunning iPhone 8 concept designs we’ve ever seen BGR News Get a $100 AT&T Visa® Reward Card DIRECTVSponsored Wristband monitors your blood alcohol content while you drink Yahoo Tech Apple’s iPhone 8 might look a lot like this BGR News Just when you thought Windows Phone couldn’t get any more dead… BGR News

Trending: How to customize your Alexa Flash Briefing Fix Windows 10 with free Microsoft tools Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Nasuni CEO: ‘We’re going to liberate you from the bottleneck around your files’ Self-protection is key to Linux kernel security Face-off: Oracle vs. CA for identity management 5 top IoT security nightmares More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Mobile & Wireless News Fragmentation nixed a Cisco-Android network partnership Cisco has a partnership that makes Apple devices work better, but it tried Android first By Stephen Lawson | Follow Senior U.S. Correspondent, IDG News Service | Jan 27, 2017 11:51 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Blair Hanley Frank More like this Cisco says it'll make IoT safe because it owns the network 10 reasons Apple is winning the enterprise Cisco's all-in-one Spark Board puts the cloud on a wall Video Review: Huawei's Mate 9 gives good value for the price Cisco Systems tried to give Android devices the same kinds of integration it later provided for iPhones and iPads, but gave up because the Android ecosystem was too fragmented. A Cisco-Apple partnership announced in 2015 gives iOS devices capabilities that other wireless clients don’t have on Cisco-based enterprise networks. Among other things, enterprises can designate work-related applications like videoconferencing for priority on the wireless link between iOS devices and a Wi-Fi access point. The partnership will also make it a little easier for Apple fans to work with the Spark Board all-in-one meeting device that Cisco announced on Tuesday. Android doesn’t have those advantages. It’s not that Android devices don’t work with Cisco networks or the Spark Board: Most Spark Board interactions are possible on Android through things like public APIs. But things might have gone a different way. “We started with Android,” said Rowan Trollope, Cisco’s senior vice president of IoT and applications, in a press briefing after Tuesday’s launch. When Trollope and Cisco collaboration guru Jonathan Rosenberg went to Google to propose ways to help Android devices work better on Cisco networks, the company was enthusiastic, he said. But because so many players, including carriers and phone manufacturers, can craft their own variations on Android, Google couldn’t hash out integrations with Cisco on its own, Trollope said. “We like your ideas,” he recalled Google saying. “Go talk to Samsung and HTC and, oh yes, you have to go to Verizon, too.” Some Android users decry the modifications that device companies and carriers make to Google’s open-source OS, which they say can hobble important features. In addition, vendors and service providers usually upgrade users' phones to the next release of Android only after long delays, or don’t offer upgrades at all. Apple fully controls iOS and offers new releases to all users at the same time, though older devices can’t necessarily run the latest version. Cisco did approach Samsung, the biggest manufacturer of Android products, but that still left a lot more vendors to deal with. “One by one by one,” Trollope said. “We don’t have the resources to do that.” Mobile operators might not even want to give their versions of Android all the capabilities that Apple developed with Cisco, he added. For example, the Cisco-Apple integration helps enterprises shift voice calls from the carrier network to a wireless LAN without losing things like call logging for compliance. “It’s not necessarily in the operator’s best interest,” Trollope said. “Apple can do it, and Apple did do it.” Google did not respond to a request for comment. A Samsung representative declined to comment. To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Mobile & Wireless Apple iOS Android Networking Stephen Lawson is a senior U.S. correspondent for the IDG News Service based in San Francisco. Fix Windows 10 problems with these free Microsoft tools You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. What Readers Like China reminds Trump that supercomputing is a race China said it plans to develop a prototype of an exascale supercomputer by the end of this year,... Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis This sortable chart lets you compare dozens of tools for functionality, skill level and more. Why you should start using Google Keep right away Services like Keep, Evernote and Microsoft OneNote are often called "note-taking apps." But they've... BrandPostsLearn more Sponsored by Sennheiser Audio Conferencing Finally Catches the Digital Transformation Wave Sponsored by VMware AirWatch A More Flexible Approach to App Containerization Sponsored by Comcast Enterprise The Future of Networking is in the Cloud. Are You Ready? Popular Resources White Paper 3 Ways Text Messaging Exposes Government Organizations to Massive Risk White Paper Digital Record Management for Government eGuide Sponsored eGuide: 2017 Security Best Practice Tips eBook Sponsored Get a Virtual Hacker on Your Squad White Paper Getting Faster Insights from App Data with Cloudant and Spark Go Top Stories Intel pursues Moore's Law with plan to make 7-nm chips this year Intel's trying to hang on to Moore's Law as a way to push its chip technology forward, though many... Face-to-face without frustration: The HP Elite Slice for Meeting Rooms The new HP Elite Slice for Meeting Rooms is a modular, compact Windows system that has been specially... At the start: Pat McGovern and the birth of Computerworld What began as a small IT newspaper in 1967 grew into a worldwide publishing empire that has covered the... 50, and proud of it We've come up with a uniquely Computerworld way to celebrate the magazine's golden anniversary, one... Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Use integration, automation, & intelligence to outsmart cybercriminals. Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports CNBC Disruptor 50 FA Playbook Modern Medicine Quarterly Investment Guide FinTech CNBC Upstart 25 Retail Report Future Opportunities Your Money, Your Future Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Mad Money with Jim Cramer Cramer's game plan: What I expect for Apple, Amazon and Facebook earnings Abigail Stevenson | @A_StevensonCNBC 9 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Cramer's game plan: What I expect for Apple, Amazon and Facebook earnings    15 Hours Ago | 12:21 Regardless of what President Donald Trump does next, Jim Cramer says earnings are still running the show on Wall Street. "The best chances to make money come when the initial negativity brings stocks down and then upon closer inspection people realize that those stocks shouldn't be down at all. Look for those situations," the "Mad Money" host said. Next week's earnings are filled with companies that investors are all watching. With this in mind, Cramer outlined his take on the stocks and events scheduled for next week: Monday: Enterprise Products Partners Cramer calls this one of the best pipeline companies on Earth. He's looking to hear what Trump's deregulation agenda could mean for the future. Tuesday: Exxon Mobil, Apple Exxon Mobil: The feedback from this company will control the direction of oil on Tuesday. Cramer doesn't expect any surprises, but based on Chevron's earnings he will be mindful that Exxon could have a big impact. Apple: In the wake of its recent run to $120, Cramer expects traders to sell it both before and after the quarterly report. Bears will be in full force, saying that Apple's best days are behind it. For those investors who don't own the stock, Cramer said to wait because there could be a better chance to buy. With Apple's gigantic cash hoard overseas, it could be a major winner if Trump introduces a repatriation deal. Cramer will be looking to hear about its service revenues and the iPhone 8. "I'm a realist; the stock has had a monster move. Be ready for some profit-taking," Cramer said. Wednesday: Facebook With Facebook's stock also on a run recently, Cramer is nervous because Alphabet also reported a strong quarter, but got hit anyways. He expects Facebook to say it needs to spend a lot of money on video, which could hurt the stock. "Think bigger on both Facebook and Alphabet because these companies are doing everything they can to dominate the world, so you can't worry about a given quarter's spending as long as it has a clear path for a payoff," Cramer said. Thursday: Amazon, Chipotle Amazon: This is also a period of spending for Amazon, as it must build its infrastructure around the globe to replicate its domination in the U.S. Cramer isn't worried about the bottom line. He will be watching the top line, which is what matters. He says it could be spectacular, just like Netflix. The world is going online, Cramer said, and there could be a chance to buy the stock if its earnings-per-share number is disappointing. Chipotle: Cramer doesn't expect a turn in the stock until the company is 18 months past its last illness incident, which took place in Dec. 2015. He warned not to jump the gun, but says the stock has bottomed. Friday: Non-farm payroll Cramer is willing to bet this will be a strong number because so many companies have reported that business has gotten better. He's hoping for a strong number so the Federal Reserve can raise interest rates and drive the banks higher. Questions for Cramer? Call Cramer: 1-800-743-CNBC Want to take a deep dive into Cramer's world? Hit him up! Mad Money Twitter - Jim Cramer Twitter - Facebook - Instagram - Vine Questions, comments, suggestions for the "Mad Money" website? madcap@cnbc.com Abigail StevensonDigital Producer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change AMZN --- FB --- AAPL --- XOM --- EPD --- Cramer's New Book To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Saturday, January 28, 2017 5:00 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 30°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Tech/Gadgets Apple joins group devoted to keeping AI nice Saturday January 28, 2017 07:50 AM GMT+8 ICYMI Arsene Wenger slapped with four-game touchline ban The Edit: Head to Ferrari Land in Spain The Edit: Eddy Redmayne narrates audiobook The Edit: Nip-tuck business thrives Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Apple has joined a technology industry alliance devoted to making sure smart machines don’t turn against humanity. — AFP picSAN FRANCISCO, Jan 28 — A technology industry alliance devoted to making sure smart machines don’t turn against humanity said Friday that Apple has signed on and will have a seat on the board. Microsoft, Amazon, Google, Facebook, IBM, and Google-owned British AI firm DeepMind last year established the non-profit organisation, called “Partnership on AI,” which will have its inaugural board meeting in San Francisco on February 3. Apple “has been involved and collaborating with the partnership since before it was first announced and is thrilled to formalize its membership,” the alliance said in an online post. Major technology firms joined forces in the group, with stated aims including cooperation on “best practices” for AI and using the technology “to benefit people and society.” Creation of the group came amid concerns that new artificial intelligence efforts could spin out of control and end up being detrimental to society. The companies “will conduct research, recommend best practices, and publish research under an open licence in areas such as ethics, fairness, and inclusivity; transparency, privacy, and interoperability; collaboration between people and AI systems; and the trustworthiness, reliability, and robustness of the technology,” according to a statement. Internet giants have been investing heavily in creating software to help machines think more like people, ideally acting as virtual assistants who get to know users and perhaps even anticipate needs. SpaceX founder and Tesla chief executive Elon Musk in 2015 took part in creating nonprofit research company OpenAI devoted to developing artificial intelligence that will help people and not hurt them. Musk found himself in the middle of a technology world controversy by holding firm that AI could turn on humanity and be its ruin instead of a salvation. A concern expressed by Musk was that highly advanced artificial intelligence would be left to its own devices, or in the hands of a few people, to the detriment of civilization as a whole. People joining tech company executives on the Partnership board included Dario Amodei of Open AI along with members of the American Civil Liberties Union; the MacArthur Foundation, and the University of California, Berkeley. — AFP-Relaxnews                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Battle of the digital butlers: Alexa takes on Siri (VIDEO) Apple joins group devoted to keeping AI nice In move to Facebook, Barra leaves unfinished expansion at Xiaomi How fat do cameras make you look? (VIDEO) Telling the mind what to do through direct brain stimulation (VIDEO) Samsung confirms battery defects caused Note 7 fires (VIDEO) Samsung Galaxy S8 rumours: Smaller case, more screen real estate This startup is making the doctor’s office of the future (VIDEO) Panasonic launches washing machine for curry stains in India Arrow 3: Israel's killer missile can strike targets in outer space (VIDEO) Most Watched Now Week See this new clip for ‘John Wick: Chapter 2’ Reuters Video: Alexa versus Siri Reuters Video: Arsenal's Wenger receives four match touchline ban Reuters Video: Mexicans build makeshift wall around US embassy in Trump protest Reuters Video: President Trump, Melania share 'first dance' Reuters Video: Marketing experts on how best to spend money, time, energy in 2017 Related Articles Apple shares back in vogue as Wall Street bets on iPhone surge Zuckerberg charity buys AI startup to battle disease From jingles to pop hits, AI is music to some ears India turns to AI as cyber warfare threats grow Apple updates GarageBand and Logic Pro X Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About Extra Sign-in About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Extra Sign-in About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Confirmation hearings ObamaCare Donald Trump SPONSORED: The Latino Economy Just In... Dem senator hits colleagues silent on Trump's refugee ban Blog Briefing Room — 5h 1m ago Democrats denounce Trump's actions barring refugees Blog Briefing Room — 5h 40m ago State Dept web page on refugees disappears Blog Briefing Room — 6h 4m ago Trump to speak with Putin, other world leaders Saturday Blog Briefing Room — 6h 50m ago Trump orders publication of stats on terror-linked crime by foreign nationals Administration — 7h 35m ago Warren goes on tweetstorm over refugee ban Blog Briefing Room — 7h 43m ago Opposites attract: May, Trump appear to be on same page Contributors — 8h 26m ago Kamala Harris: 'Make no mistake — this is a Muslim ban' Ballot Box — 8h 33m ago view all   Apple's Tim Cook meets with lawmakers in DC By Ali Breland - 01/27/17 06:43 PM EST 0   © Getty Images Apple CEO Tim Cook met with lawmakers in Washington, D.C., on Friday to speak on tech issues and reforming the tax code. Sens. Rob PortmanRob PortmanApple's Tim Cook meets with lawmakers in DC Week ahead: Russian sanctions in the spotlight McCain warns Trump he'll fight on lifting Russian sanctions MORE (R-Ohio), Orrin HatchOrrin HatchSenate panel to vote on Trump Treasury pick Monday Apple's Tim Cook meets with lawmakers in DC Poll: Nearly 80 percent of voters want Hatch to retire MORE (R-Utah) and Mark WarnerMark WarnerApple's Tim Cook meets with lawmakers in DC Intel Committee Dems to Trump: Read torture report Let's look beyond taxpayer dollars to fund American infrastructure MORE (D-Va.) tweeted out pictures with Apple chief executive. Good meeting with @Apple CEO @tim_cook today. Discussed ways we can reform our tax code to help the American worker & American families. pic.twitter.com/LI8eRHarQN— Rob Portman (@senrobportman) January 27, 2017 Great to see my good friend @tim_cook this morning to talk tech priorities in the 115th Congress. https://t.co/LFifHUDvuH #utpol #tech pic.twitter.com/sWCK8tY7wz— Senator Hatch Office (@SenOrrinHatch) January 27, 2017 Wait: does every new #iphone7 come with a selfie with @Apple CEO @tim_cook? pic.twitter.com/aCZlODR2Qp— Mark Warner (@MarkWarner) January 27, 2017 On Thursday night, Cook and Lisa Jackson, Apple's vice president of environment, policy and social initiatives, dined with Trump's daughter Ivanka and her husband Jared Kushner, a senior White House adviser, Politico reported. In December, the Apple CEO joined other top tech executives in a meeting with Donald TrumpDonald TrumpTrump to speak with Putin, other world leaders Saturday Trump orders publication of stats on terror-linked crime by foreign nationals Warren goes on tweetstorm over refugee ban MORE at Trump Tower, which he defended in an internal memo to Apple employees. “I think it’s very important to do that because you don’t change things by just yelling,” Cook wrote. “You change things by showing everyone why your way is the best. In many ways, it’s a debate of ideas.” Tags Donald Trump, Rob Portman, Orrin Hatch, Mark Warner   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 Surprise! Trump doing what he said... In his first frantic week at the White House, Donald Trump is doing almost... 386 Shares 2 THE MEMO: Five takeaways from... The Trump we saw on Friday was not as combative or as colorful as he can... 227 Shares 3 'Calexit' supporters can start... "Calexit" supporters need nearly 600,000 signatures from registered voters... 213 Shares 4 Trump bans Syrian refugees,... President Trump on Friday signed an executive order that he said would... 162 Shares 5 Franken: No Dems will vote to... Sen. Al Franken (D-Minn.) says President Trump’s pick for secretary of... 132 Shares 6 Trump: Persecuted Christian... “They’ve been horribly treated,” Trump said in an interview with Christian... 99 Shares 7 Poll: Trump voters OK with a... According to a new poll by Public Policy Polling, supporters of President... 93 Shares 8 Dem senator hits colleagues silent... Sen. Chris Murphy (D-Conn.) hit fellow lawmakers on Twitter Friday night,... 93 Shares 9 In gamble, Trump team embraces... Trump and his advisers cheered after the Dow crossed 20,000 points for the... 74 Shares 10 Trump brought up ending Electoral... President Trump told congressional leaders he was considering getting rid... 66 Shares 11 Wall Street Journal: Trump’s... The Wall Street Journal on Thursday slammed President Trump’s treatment of... 58 Shares 12 Trump, Mexican president agree to... "The Presidents also agreed for now to not publicly talk about this... 56 Shares 13 Gabbard meeting with Assad draws... Democrats and Republicans appear equally rattled at Rep. Tulsi Gabbard's... 54 Shares 14 Rubio's Tillerson vote is why... OPINION | The Florida senator always talks a good game, but never follows... 53 Shares 15 GOP lawmakers voice concerns over... "That’s going to be called Trumpcare," GOP lawmaker says of replacement. 44 Shares 16 Trump signs directive spurring '...  President Trump on Friday afternoon signed an executive memorandum that... 43 Shares 17 Albright: I'm 'ready to register... Former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright said Wednesday she is... 43 Shares 18 Anti-Defamation League knocks... Jonathan Greenblatt, CEO of the Anti-Defamation League, blasted the White... 42 Shares 19 New wave of anti-evolution bills... New legislation introduced in a handful of states would allow alternatives... 41 Shares 20 Trump team prepares dramatic cuts Donald Trump is ready to take an ax to government spending.  41 Shares 21 McConnell all but rules out... Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) in a sit-down interview... 41 Shares 22 Spicer takes issue with CNN... The official website for the event repeatedly refers to it as a... 40 Shares 23 Democrats denounce Trump's actions... Democrats resoundingly condemned Trump’s executive action on refugees and... 40 Shares 24 Sanders applauds scientists '... Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) took to Facebook to throw his support behind... 40 Shares 25 Week ahead: Russian sanctions in... The debate over Russia sanctions is taking center stage as Trump prepares... 39 Shares 26 Trump sets dizzying WH pace in... In his first days in office, President Trump is taking on a dizzying... 38 Shares 27 Zuckerberg criticizes Trump on... Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg's criticism seems likely to increase... 36 Shares 28 McCain warns Trump he'll fight on... Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) is urging President Trump not to make a "... 35 Shares 29 Pence: 'Life is winning again in... Vice President Pence assured anti-abortion protestors Friday that their... 35 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Microsoft > Windows Phone FLASH SALE: SpyShelter Firewall      30% OFF! Windows 10 Mobile Start Screen vs. iOS Home Screen: Beauty and the Beast GO A long-distance duel between two essential features Jan 27, 2017 23:00 GMT  ·  By Bogdan Popa  ·  Share:  The home screen is one of the essential UI parts of every mobile platform, pretty much because, just like its name suggests, it is the home of everything on the device, so you get to see it quite often. As mobile operating systems evolved, developers attempted to improve home screens too, and Apple and Microsoft make no exception to this. Both iOS and Windows 10 Mobile come with their own styles for the home screen, and today we’re going to discuss both to see their main features. iOS home screen Long-time iPhone users can’t help but admit that the iOS home screen has barely changed over the years and it looks almost exactly the same as nearly 10 years ago when Apple launched the first iPhone. Truth be told, Apple did implement some small improvements here and there, including new icons, but overall, the look of the home screen is pretty much the same. One of the most criticized things about iOS is the lack of customization, and the home screen itself perfectly aligns with this. The only thing you can configure about the home screen is the wallpaper and… that’s basically it. No option to change colors, no settings for icons, nothing. Just change the background and then you’re supposed to be super-excited with your “new” iPhone. The only good thing about the wallpaper is that Apple supports both dynamic and static photos, so if you wish, you can use an animated photo as your background. But other than that, this is the only thing you can change on your iPhone home screen. The default and the "heavily-customized" iPhone home screen Windows 10 Mobile Start screen If iOS is super-limited when it comes to home screen customization, not the same thing can be said about Windows 10 Mobile. First and foremost, Windows 10 Mobile has the really awesome live tiles, which are animated tiles that can display essential information without the need for opening apps, such as weather forecast, email senders and subjects, the song you’re listening to and so on. But there’s so much to configure about the Start screen. Just head over to Settings > Personalization > Start and you can find several useful options, including background settings, and additional controls for style (tile picture or full screen picture). You can also adjust tile transparency and show more tiles on the Start. Additionally, you can also configure the accent color used in the operating system and on Start, but also toggle between dark and light. As compared to iOS, Windows 10 Mobile does not come with support for dynamic wallpapers, but just look how many other things you can configure. Examples of Windows 10 Mobile Start screens with customized tiles In the end, it looks like we have a clear winner, even though judging from a market share perspective, the iPhone is a much more successful product, even with its boring home screen. Which one do you like more?   CHECK OUT THE GALLERY  (3 Images) #Microsoft#Windows 10#Windows 10 Mobile#Windows Phone#iOS subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Photo Gallery (3 Images) 01 02 03 Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news Another Windows Phone Left Behind as Anniversary Update Affects Performance Microsoft Releases Windows 10 Build 15019 with Lots of New Features Microsoft Announces Tragic Windows Phone Sales Samsung Suddenly Finds Windows Phone’s Continuum Revolutionary, to Copy It on S8 Windows 10 Mobile Start Screen vs. iOS Home Screen: Beauty and the Beast Let’s Chat: With or Without an Antivirus in Windows 10? BlackBerry Mercury Might Pack the Same Camera Sensor as Google Pixel Microsoft Releases Windows 10 Build 15019 with Lots of New Features Bodhi Linux 4.1.0 Released with New Moksha "Arc Dark" Theme, Linux Kernel 4.8 Mozilla Firefox 51.0.1 and Thunderbird 45.7 Land in All Supported Ubuntu OSes Shazam Adds Three App Shortcuts for Faster Song Recognition on Android Phones LG Files Patent Applications for Foldable Smartphones 3 photos    Apple's iPhone 6s Plus and the Lumia 950 XL New Apps Estimator: Approximate the costs of a contract, as well as keep track on projects and clients with this handy application for the construction industry Klaros-Testmanagement: Create projects, define environments and run tests in order to define quality attributes by relying on this complex, handy application Simplexety: A straightforward piece of software that acts as a VBScript engine and editing utility that you can use to evaluate mathematical expressions Advanced Movie Organizer & Player: Multimedia player and organizer that allows users to play all the mainstream video formats, including karaoke playlists, while also offering a remote TV projection via HDMI cable ABC Roster: Create a list of employees, set up shifts and tasks, constraints and limitations with a helpful wizard that makes sure you properly manage time and projects Lan-Secure Wireless Protector Enterprise: Intuitive program that helps you automatically disable wireless connections, export reports to plain text, CSV or database, and send emails upon various events Desktop Fay: Organize and manage your time better with a female desktop assistant who can notify you about incoming emails, schedule events and even talk to you Reader comments Samsung Suddenly Finds Windows Phone’s Continuum Revolutionary, to Copy It on S8 more on: Microsoft i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2017 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple The iPhone 8 might take a revolutionary approach to sensors Chris Smith BGR NewsJanuary 27, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Apple is launching three new iPhones this year, reports have claimed, with the iPhone 8 being the most interesting of the three. Apple suppliers are also heavily vested in the iPhone 8, as its popularity will significantly boost their revenues. One such company is a European chipmaker that’s already making an iPhone 7 component that hardly comes up. Don't Miss: Kraft Heinz is giving its 42,000 employees a day off instead of buying a Super Bowl ad According to Reuters, STMicroelectronics posted in-line 2016 results on Thursday, fueled by strong phone and car part sales. STM, Europe’s third largest semiconductor company, also said that it plans to increase plant capacity. The move is meant to increase revenue this year. And Apple might be to blame. Without naming names, STM said that it inked a deal with a customer that can generate “substantial revenues” in the second half of the year. Analysts believe that company is Apple and that STM will supply iPhone 8 parts, including a component that’s also found inside Apple’s 2016 flagships the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. In-depth teardowns from Chipworks confirmed that Apple placed a new type of proximity sensor on the front side of the phone, one that also acts as an “accurate rangefinder for the selfie camera.” That’s called a time-of-flight sensor (ToF). “The advantage of ToF is that it doesn’t depend on reflected light level, instead it actually measures the time of travel of photons emitted from a laser diode, and this travel time is independent of the reflectance of the target surface,” Chipworks explained. Apple isn’t the only company that uses ToF sensors. Last year alone, some of the high-end smartphones sold by competitors also have ToF from STM, including the Huawei P9, LG G5, or the Moto Z Force. The difference is that other companies only used the ToF for range-finding purposes rather than proximity sensors. Analysts now expect Apple to keep STM as a supplier of such ToF sensors. But they also say the European company might make a new product for the iPhone 8. “This is likely to be a new product in the iPhone 8, in addition to on-going shipments of the time-of-flight sensor,” Liberum analyst Janardan Menon said. “We expect STM’s strong revenue growth to convert into rising margins and further multiple expansion.” It’s unclear at this time what, if any, component STM might be working on. But a recent report said that the new iPhone will include a new form of facial/gesture recognition system. This feature would be “supported by a new laser sensor and an infrared sensor mounted near the front-facing camera,” Cowen and Company analyst Timothy Arcuri said in a note. Will STM make such parts for Apple? It’s worth pointing out that the iPhone 8 is supposed to have an all-screen design, meaning that Apple isn’t probably looking to add more sensors to the front of the phone, which could prevent it from reducing the top bezel. Instead, Apple might be looking to utilize sensors for multiple features, as it’s the case with STM’s ToF/proximity sensor. On the other hand, Apple has at least one daring patent that imagines embedding all front-facing sensors in the display. Even in such a case, Apple would likely want to have as few sensors as possible on the front. Trending right now: Apple’s iPhone 8 might look a lot like this The iPhone 7 might be losing a fight with its older brother Two Galaxy S8 features that will seriously annoy you See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Look at one of the most stunning iPhone 8 concept designs we’ve ever seen BGR News Get a $100 AT&T Visa® Reward Card DIRECTVSponsored Wristband monitors your blood alcohol content while you drink Yahoo Tech Apple’s iPhone 8 might look a lot like this BGR News Just when you thought Windows Phone couldn’t get any more dead… BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Outdoors Business More News Features DT10 Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > Home > Amazon’s open Alexa takes on Apple’s… Amazon’s open Alexa takes on Apple’s closed HomeKit initiative By Mark Coppock — January 27, 2017 2:35 PM Subscribe Share Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends Why it matters to you The home automation market is creating a choice between fewer but more-secure Apple HomeKit devices, and the more open Amazon Alexa. Apple’s HomeKit serves as the foundation of its own unique approach to home automation technology. HomeKit is a set of software tools that developers and device manufacturers can use to build solutions tying together various smart devices like lighting, appliances, and home security systems. HomeKit has been fairly successful, with a number of partners making a wide range of home automation products using Apple’s platform, and it benefits from being the first to have been built into a popular operating system in iOS 10. However, competition from competitors like Amazon’s Alexa and the brand-new Google Home has been fierce, and Apple’s usual strategy of maintaining firm control over the platform might be holding it back, as Reuters reports. More: Apple enlists the help of home builders to preinstall its HomeKit in new homes Whereas Amazon is relatively open in its approach to working with partners making solutions that tie into the Alexa platform, Apple requires more stringent certification requirements for companies that want to make products using HomeKit. One requirement is that only Apple-certified factories can make “special chips” that are required to integrate with it, along with particular Wi-Fi and Bluetooth networking components. The required chips aren’t cheap, adding between 50 cents and $2 to the cost of a HomeKit-based device, with larger manufacturers getting the usual volume purchase discounts. All told, Apple’s restrictions can delay the development process and make resulting home automation products more expensive. The net result is that while Apple’s strategy results in more tightly integrated solutions with greater privacy, security, and convenience for customers, it also means that Amazon’s Alexa has grown faster than HomeKit. Where there are currently around 100 Apple-certified products, Alexa enjoys over 250. And that delta could grow given how much easier it is to rapidly develop and roll out third-party apps and devices. In the end, the question remains as to whether Apple’s strong smartphone presence will carry HomeKit along with it, or if Amazon will widen its lead sufficiently to become a more important standard. For customers, it’s a decision between greater ease-of-use, potentially better security, higher prices, and fewer choices in HomeKit solutions, and a wider choice of less expensive but potentially harder to use and less secure Alexa devices. Time will tell which approach will end up dominating the home automation market. Also watch: Share
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Networking Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Phones Printers Software Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español CNET Sci-Tech Apple joins AI research group Apple joins AI research group The famously secretive company joins competitors in a consortium that's researching the uses of artificial intelligence. Sci-Tech by Andrew Morse January 27, 2017 2:37 PM PST Up Next Meet Jon Hamm, the hologram (aka the holohamm) Chesnot/Getty Images Siri, meet Alexa. Apple has joined the Partnership on AI, a nonprofit group researching the uses of artificial intelligence, the group said on Friday. The Partnership's members are a Who's Who of tech heavyweights that includes Amazon, Google, Facebook and Microsoft. It also includes IBM, the creator of the Watson supercomputer system that won the TV game show "Jeopardy!" "Apple has joined the Partnership on AI as a founding member," the group said in a post. "The company has been involved and collaborating with the Partnership since before it was first announced and is thrilled to formalize its membership." The Partnership's mission is "to study and formulate best practices on AI technologies, to advance the public's understanding of AI, and to serve as an open platform for discussion and engagement about AI and its influences on people and society." Joining the Partnership is the latest indication Apple is becoming less secretive. In December, the company published its first paper on AI, a sign it was ready to start sharing some of its research. Bloomberg News reported late Wednesday that Apple would likely join the Partnership. First published Jan. 26, 11:05 a.m. PT. Update, Jan. 27 at 2:37 p.m. PT: Adds confirmation of membership. Does the Mac still matter? Apple execs tell why the MacBook Pro was over four years in the making, and why we should care. Tech Enabled: CNET chronicles tech's role in providing new kinds of accessibility. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Sci-Tech Tech Industry Related Stories Zoo wants your help collecting deadly spiders Alien-looking 'E.T.' insect found trapped in ancient amber Beautiful scene shows universe is growing quicker than we knew Human-pig hybrid grown in lab. (Actually happened) Close   Discuss: Apple joins AI research group Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Meet Jon Hamm, the hologram (aka the holohamm) Scientists create human-pig hybrid Researchers at the Salk Institute have created something that could lead to human tissue production one day. by Iyaz Akhtar 1:19 Doomsday Clock adjusts, Ford issues two recalls Today's biggest tech headlines include a chilling move on the Doomsday Clock, a Samsung Galaxy S8 release date rumor and recalls for two of Ford's more popular vehicles. by Ashley Esqueda Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Networking Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Phones Printers Software Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español CNET Mobile Phones Apple: You share iCloud data, and we'll make iPhones smarter Apple: You share iCloud data, and we'll make iPhones smarter The company believes privacy is important, but services like Siri work better when a company can analyze real-world data. Phones by Stephen Shankland January 27, 2017 1:29 PM PST @stshank Up Next Meet Jon Hamm, the hologram (aka the holohamm) Enlarge Image Apple's iOS 10.3 software describes how Apple wants to gather iCloud data to improve services. Screenshot by Stephen Shankland/CNET Apple long has argued in favor of customer privacy, but the company wants to do more with your personal data so services like Siri voice recognition can get smarter. A new option in its iOS 10.3 software, released earlier this week for beta testing, asks iPhone and iPad users to share iCloud account data. iCloud services include file storage, email, calendars, photo management, password synchronization, and music and video library management. Privacy is a thorny issue for tech companies. It sounds nice in principle, but it's technically complicated. And until an FBI investigator arrives, we're more likely to care about how well our phones steer us around traffic and flag important messages than we are about whether a tech company's data center is peering into our personal lives. Apple argues it's possible to have both good services and good privacy. Indeed, it touted privacy even with earlier versions of iOS that already gather data about how we use iPhones and iPads. "Analysis of data from your iCloud account is undertaken only after the data has undergone privacy-preserving techniques such as differential privacy," a new analytics section of the phone's privacy settings says. "Analysis of such data will allow Apple to improve intelligent features such as Siri and other similar or related services." Privacy has been a point of pride for Apple in its attempt to get its products to stand out. In 2015, Chief Executive Tim Cook criticized companies like Google that are "gobbling up everything they can learn about you and trying to monetize it." But guess what -- that sort of data can improve driving directions, spam filtering, speech recognition, movie recommendations, autocorrect typing predictions and many other advanced services that make phones so useful. In today's artificial intelligence era, those services are increasingly important. Apple uses technology called differential privacy that statistically muddies data sets to obscure details about individuals while still benefitting from the ability to analyze that user data. In earlier versions of iOS, Apple sought "diagnostic and usage information" to improve products and services, but now Apple is specifically calling out usage of iCloud account data and offering a little more detail on how sharing can improve "language models and other intelligent features." Tech Enabled: CNET chronicles tech's role in providing new kinds of accessibility. Technically Literate: Original works of short fiction with unique perspectives on tech, exclusively on CNET. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Apple Phones Security Artificial intelligence Privacy Siri Apple All the latest Apple news, featuring developments on the iPhone, iPad, Macbooks, OS X and much more. Jan 28 4 best iOS.3 features coming soon Jan 27 Apple: You share iCloud data, and we'll make iPhones smarter Jan 27 Apple takes baby steps in India, selling 2.5M iPhones in 2016 Jan 27 'Find My AirPods' in action and more in iOS 10.3 All Apple Stories Related Stories Sprint announces $50 all-you-can-eat mobile deal Google Pixel: The best tips, tricks and hidden features Samsung Galaxy S8 rumored to launch March 29 7 of the Best Phones for 2017 Close   Discuss: Apple: You share iCloud data, and we'll make... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Meet Jon Hamm, the hologram (aka the holohamm) Scientists create human-pig hybrid Researchers at the Salk Institute have created something that could lead to human tissue production one day. by Iyaz Akhtar 1:19 Doomsday Clock adjusts, Ford issues two recalls Today's biggest tech headlines include a chilling move on the Doomsday Clock, a Samsung Galaxy S8 release date rumor and recalls for two of Ford's more popular vehicles. by Ashley Esqueda Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Mobile iPhone iPad Android Wearables Mac TV Music Movies Deals More like this? RAZMAG.com Mobile iPhone iPad Android Wearables Mac TV Music Movies Deals Apple Promotes ‘Read-Aloud’ Books With FREE Dora Title Share Tweet RAZMAG.com - Apple Promotes ‘Read-Aloud’ Books With FREE Dora Title Heads Up: Hydration App ‘WaterMinder’ is Currently FREE! ‘HBO GO’ Updates With Support for TV App, Single Sign-On macOS 10.12.4 (Beta 1): ‘Night Shift’ Comes to the Mac [VIDEO] Apple Debuts New ‘Close Your Rings’ Ad [VIDEO] Books Apple Promotes ‘Read-Aloud’ Books With FREE Dora Title By Arron Hirst 11 hrs ago Share Tweet Inviting parents and guardians to make reading time even more magic for their little ones, Apple sent out a new mailblast to iTunes users on Friday – advertising the immediate availability of Read-Aloud Books. Discover a great way to share favorite stories and engage new readers. Read-Aloud books feature lively narrations — by actors, celebrities, and sometimes the authors themselves — and synced word highlighting to help kids recognize words and learn to read. Experience Read-Aloud books on all your devices, including Apple TV. Launching its platform for these special “read-aloud” books with the introduction of its iBooks StoryTime app designed for Apple TV – at the end of last year, Apple says that its new-type digital book offering features both narration and illustrations that look beautiful on a large screen, as it notes that iBooks Read-Aloud can turn your TV into “a place where young readers can enjoy the stories they love.” In an effort to further spread the word about its family-friendly reading platform the company is currently also offering a FREE ‘Dora the Explorer’ book to parents in the U.S — with prices for other Read-Aloud supported titles available on the store, starting from just $0.99. Read-Aloud Books Here’s just a few that should get reading time started: – Moana – I Love My White Shoes – Meet Tracker! – Blaze Loves To Race – Factory Fresh! Version: 1.0 Apple TV iBooks StoryTime FREE Version: 3.5 iPhone + iPad iBooks FREE Continue Reading You may also like... Heads Up: Hydration App ‘WaterMinder’ is Currently FREE! ‘HBO GO’ Updates With Support for TV App, Single Sign-On macOS 10.12.4 (Beta 1): ‘Night Shift’ Comes to the Mac [VIDEO] Apple Debuts New ‘Close Your Rings’ Ad [VIDEO] Related Topics:Apple, Apple TV, Books, Children Stories, Deals, Dora, Dora The Explorer, Family, Free, Free Book, iBooks, Kid Friendly, Kids, Kids Books, PR, Price Drop, Read-Aloud, Reading, Reading Time, Storytime Arron Hirst In an attempt to merge the worlds of music, design and journalism, Arron is perhaps best known for founding online news brand: RazorianFly; a hobby which grew to attract a monthly audience of 120K. Today he can be found designing and writing for RAZMAG.com whilst also managing #THEHOTLIST - a weekly updating playlist of the hottest new artists, now streaming on Apple Music. More in Books Books Apple Debuts ‘iBooks StoryTime’ for Apple TV By Arron Hirst11th Nov 16 9:56 pm Apple has launched a new app for use with the Apple TV – this week. Books Now On iBooks: ‘A Game of Thrones: Enhanced Book 2’ By Arron Hirst30th Oct 16 2:28 pm Following the first of George R. R. Martin’s Enhanced Edition books becoming available to download on iBooks – at the end... Books The 100 Top-Selling Books in October [LIST] By Arron Hirst23rd Oct 16 7:16 pm Apple has been hard at work doing the math this week, the result of which is a definitive list of the... Books iBooks: Coming in October By Arron Hirst2nd Oct 16 11:36 pm With the start of a new month in full swing – Apple sent out a new mailshot to iTunes customers over... Books A Game of Thrones: Exclusive Enhanced Edition By Arron Hirst29th Sep 16 4:07 pm Apple is launching an exclusive set of ‘Enhanced Editions’ for George R. R. Martin’s global bestselling series, Game of Thrones. Books iBooks: DRAGONS. £2.99 Or Less for a Limited Time. By Arron Hirst19th Sep 16 8:01 am “Humans have always had a complicated love/hate relationship with dragons,” Apple writes in its new iBooks feature section that highlights a... Books iBooks: Fall’s Most Anticipated Books By Arron Hirst21st Aug 16 7:49 pm With fall fast approaching – Apple has this weekend begun showcasing the most-anticipated books set to become available for download on... Books Books You’ll Never Forget. [£2.99 Or Less] By Arron Hirst7th Aug 16 11:43 am In a collection of unmissable reads that the company is referring to as “Titles That Leave Their Mark,” Apple is currently... Books Now On iBooks: The Eighth Story — Nineteen Years Later By Arron Hirst31st Jul 16 1:53 am Yes, fans of all things Hogwarts will be mightily excited to hear that today officially marks the release of the eighth... Subscribe to our mailing list Email Address Weekly Pick (iPhone) Version: 1.8 iPhone + iPad Golf Clash FREE Trending Now Apple This Service Claims To Turn Your AirPods Black … (No, Srsly). Music 5 Tracks You Need To Hear This Weekend Books Apple Promotes ‘Read-Aloud’ Books With FREE Dora Title Music This Sam Tsui Cover For ‘Shape Of You’ is Glorious [WATCH] App Store Heads Up: Hydration App ‘WaterMinder’ is Currently FREE! App Store ‘HBO GO’ Updates With Support for TV App, Single Sign-On Where to Next? iOS | Apple's mobile operating system. iPhone | The phone that changed it all. iPad | Cupertino's magical tablet. Mac | Insanely Great. Wearables | That's a word, right? Music | Beats 1 ... and beyond. TV | See what's hot on the big-screen. Movies | ... and the silver screen! You May Also Like … 6-Second Video Alleges To Show “iPhone 7” [WATCH] “Trivia Crack” Tops U.S FREE iOS Chart What Would Christian Bale Look Like As Steve Jobs? Deadmau5 To Headline iTunes Festival London On Sept. 1 More Banners Spotted at Moscone [PHOTO] ﻿﻿﻿﻿ Trending Apps BUY Minecraft: Pocket Edition BUY Bloons TD 5 BUY Geometry Dash More Charts Hot Movies Explore the hottest new movies. ﻿ BUY Trolls $19.99 BUY Inferno $14.99 BUY The Accountant (2016) $19.99 ABOUT POLICY RSS Copyright © 2017 RAZMAG.com. The Apple® logo, App Store®, iPhone®, iPod®, iPad®, Mac®, iTunes®, watchOS® and tvOS™ are trademarks of Apple Inc. iOS is a trademark or registered trademark of Cisco in the U.S. and other countries. All other content remains the property of its respective owners. Emoji art supplied by EmojiOne. version 10.0 To Top
TechRadar The source for Tech Buying Advice Search RSS Reviews How To Phones TVs Laptops Deals Photography More Car Tech Wearables Tablets Components Audiovisual Gaming Computing Downloads News Pro Trending Buying Guides Nintendo Switch iPhone 8 Samsung Galaxy S8 Macbook Pro MWC 2017 iOS 10.2 News 5 things you need to know about bendable displays 5 things you need to know about bendable displays By Lewis Leong Mobile phones   Are flexible phones the next big innovation? Shares Look at your phone screen. It’s flat, right?  For decades, displays have simply been flat pieces of glass or plastic that dictate the design of our technology. But, more recently, tech movers and shakers have turned to curved displays, a growing number of which can be found on computer monitors, televisions and phones. The question now, though, is: what’s next? After concurring curved displays with devices like the 2013 Samsung Galaxy Round (which would iterate and eventually morph into Galaxy S7 Edge) and LG G Flex, released the same year, manufacturers are looking at bendable displays to push tech design forward yet again. Flexible displays have the ability to be one of the biggest technological breakthroughs of the decade, freeing up designers to create devices we’ve never seen before.  But what exactly is a bendable display, and why are the world’s most influential tech companies looking at it as the next big thing? Here are five key things to know about flexible screens: 1. Bendable doesn’t mean curved  Samsung's curved Galaxy S7 Edge While curved displays are impressive, these aren’t the same as ones that bend.  Traditionally, liquid crystal displays (LCD) are a sandwich of materials that includes a backlight, polarizer, thin-film-transistor layer, liquid crystals, color filter glass and a polarizer. LCD are typically flat, but a few companies like Samsung have managed to produce curved ones. More recently, organic light emitting diode (OLED) displays have gained popularity because of simplified construction, superior image quality and flexibility. OLED displays don’t require a backlight, so these can be made thinner and molded to specific forms, like the curved display on the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge.  The flexibility, thinness and superior image quality make OLED a better choice for curved displays, and it's clear OLED will phase out LCD in the future. OLED is currently too expensive to manufacture for large displays like TVs and computer monitors, however prices will eventually drop. Japan Display's flexible LCD screen Although LCD contains more layers than OLED, both of these screens types can still be made to bend. Apple supplier Japan Display announced this week that it’s developing a 5.5-inch flexible LCD display with full HD resolution. The company hopes to make the display by utilizing a plastic substrate, which has traditionally been built of unbendable glass. As impressive as curved screens are, displays that bend push engineering and material science even further. Engineers have to figure out a way to create materials that won’t break under the stress of being flexed repeatedly while maintaining a consistent image across the display. That’s an enormous challenge, but one tech makers are undertaking as we speak. 2. Durability is a huge plus Samsung showed off its Youm flexible OLED screen at CES 2013 One of the biggest benefits of a bendable display is that it makes gadgets more durable. Phones with bendable displays can flex under impact, so shattered screens may be a thing of the past once bendable ones are perfected.  However, it will be some time before shatter-proof phone displays become a reality. The assumption today is that bendable displays will use plastic instead of glass, but plastic itself isn’t invincible, as it can still break if under enough stress.  Manufacturers like Corning are currently working on a bendable glass called Willow, which it plans to introduce in everything from phones to TVs to wearables. Willow is about as thick as a piece of paper and can be bent like it, too. However, Willow will still break if bent too far, so there’s work to be done for truly bendable glass displays. 3. Samsung and LG are behind bendable displays, and Apple might be, too Three of the biggest phone makers are rumored to be experimenting with bendable display phones. Samsung is expected to unveil the Galaxy X foldable smartphone in Q3 2017, according to The Korean Herald. The most notable feature of the Galaxy X is that its display will fold outward, letting users transform their handsets into 7-inch tablets.  LG is also said to be coming out with its own bendable smartphone, which would also fold outward to form a tablet. Patent drawings show a LG concept phone that has a foldable display that can be used even when bent. An image from LG's foldable phone patent Apple is considering using bendable displays for the iPhone, according to 9to5Mac, but we likely won’t see a foldable iPhone any time soon. Though the tech giant is contemplating using Japan Display’s bendable LCD display in a 2018 iPhone, as reported by the Wall Street Journal, it’s unlikely to adopt such new and unproven technology this quickly.  The first step for Apple could be to introduce a curved OLED screen with the iPhone 8, due out this year. It’s current-gen Phone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus handsets feature LCD displays.  4. Potential uses One of the central questions around bendable displays is, why? Why have a phone or tablet that can be flexed at all? The biggest benefit of a bendable display is durability. Since the screen can be flexed and manipulated, it can also absorb impact better than the solid glass structures we currently have.  Other technologies could gain from the new tech as well. For example, wearables could take advantage of bendable displays by contouring to our bodies, like smartwatches that better form around our wrists. Phones, too, could take on a new form factor, like the Lenovo Cplus prototype that starts out as a thin handset but curls into a wearable for the wrist. Lenovo's Cplus is a phone that turns into a wearable device Samsung already experimented with putting curved displays on its original Galaxy Gear S smartwatch, but moved to a more traditional flat, rounded design for the Galaxy Gear S3. Even the now-defunct Microsoft Band featured a curved display. With a bendable display, smartwatches could theoretically have massive screens that wrap around the wrist to display even more information at once.  Cars could also benefit from bendable screens as more and more dashboards are going all digital. For example, the Mercedes E-Class displays its guages and infotainment data on a 12.3-inch HD display that spans across the dashboard. The Tesla Model S and Model X already have a huge 17-inch center display, but could use a bendable display to contour naturally to the car’s dashboard. 5. The biggest challenges The concept of bendable displays isn’t new, as gadget makers seem to show them off annually at big shows like CES and MWC, but no one has brought a bendable display to market just yet. Why? Because while making a bendable display is difficult, crafting a device that uses one effectively is even harder. To create a bendable product, manufacturers need to figure out how to make the various components inside flexible as well. Batteries are a particularly difficult object to make bend, as current technology requires batteries keep their shape. When bent, today’s batteries will short circuit and, if smooshed too far in the casing, could explode. Both LG and Samsung have been working on a flexible battery for years, but the technology still hasn’t made it to products yet. So far, the only way to utilize a bendable display is to make a device that bends on a hinge. We sort-of see this concept in action with the Lenovo Yoga Book, which features a touchscreen display and touch-sensitive keyboard that doubles as a drawing tablet. With a hinge, device manufacturers could potentially still use solid batteries and silicon, but add a display that folds, too.   We’re still waiting for the first bendable device to come to market, but when it does arrive we can expect durability and endless opportunities for design and innovation to follow. Phone and tablet designs have been stale for the last few years, and bendable displays might just be the thing to make them exciting once again. Bendable phones may one day make it to our best smartphone list Tags Samsung Galaxy Related news Windows 10 Game Mode has arrived ... in Insider Preview Build 15019 Lenovo P2 has better battery life than S7 Edge and iPhone 7 Plus combined The best free firewall 2017 iOS 10.3 wants to use your info to make iCloud and Siri better See more Mobile phones news Load Comments Tech deals, prizes and latest news Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more! No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 Is this the massive Samsung Galaxy S8? 2 GTA 6 release date, news and rumors: Mapping the path to Grand Theft Auto 6 3 Samsung Galaxy S8: release date and everything you should know 4 iOS 10 and iOS 10.3 features and updates 5 Best phone 2017: the 10 top smartphones we've tested 1 Overclockers’ most powerful PC yet costs as much as a BMW 2 Budget Google Pixel 2 leaked alongside enhanced premium model 3 Is this the massive Samsung Galaxy S8? 4 The 16 best Nintendo Wii U games: titles you don't want to miss 5 Nintendo is having a huge Zelda sale to celebrate upcoming Breath of the Wild TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     Video   /   HPI Recalls 101,000 Notebook PCs With Defective Batteries       HPI Recalls 101,000 Notebook PCs With Defective Batteries     By eWEEK Staff  |  Posted 2017-01-27 Print               DAILY VIDEO: HPI Has Samsung-like problem: overheating batteries; iPhone production volume slid 11.5 Percent in 2016; Google says it blocked 1.7 billion ads for policy violations in 2016; and there's more.   Latest Videos Sponsored Videos LinkedIn Executive Kevin Scott Named Microsoft CTO DAILY VIDEO: Microsoft promotes LinkedIn's Kevin Scott to CTO; Google says new Chromebook models to... Samsung Says Battery Manufacturing Flaws Caused Galaxy Note7 Fires DAILY VIDEO: Samsung reveals cause of Galaxy Note7 battery fires, explosions; Apple latest to 'pile... LinkedIn Brings Mobile Experience to Social Network Desktop UI DAILY VIDEO: LinkedIn adding mobile look to social network desktop experience; Avaya bankruptcy sends... Microsoft Offering Windows 10 Upgrades Through Subscriber Service DAILY VIDEO: Microsoft to dole out free Windows 10 upgrades via subscriber service; Oracle patches... Labor Department Lawsuit Claims Oracle Discriminates in Hiring, Pay DAILY VIDEO: U.S. Labor Department sues Oracle, claiming hiring, pay infractions; Red Hat OpenShift... FTC Lawsuit Charges Qualcomm With Antitrust Violations DAILY VIDEO: FTC sues Qualcomm, alleging Patent Antitrust Violations; HPE Invests $650M to Acquire... 'ShadowBrokers' Hacker Group Releases NSA Exploits After Auction Fails DAILY VIDEO: Hacker group 'ShadowBrokers' release NSA Exploits after auction fails; Google... IBM Introduces All-Flash Storage Systems for Cognitive Workloads DAILY VIDEO: IBM unveils all-Flash storage for cognitive workloads; Microsoft Power BI reports go... Facebook Starts 'Journalism Project' to Curb Fake News DAILY VIDEO: Facebook unveils ambitious project to clean up news feeds; Google rolls out new cloud... Yahoo to Emerge from Verizon Sale Under New Name: 'Altaba DAILY VIDEO: CEO, co-founder to leave Yahoo, now known as Altaba; DHS designates election machines,... Intel Processors, Storage Enhancements Set New Dell Servers Apart Dell’s latest Intel-based PowerEdge servers bring new levels of operational efficiency and... Dell PowerEdge R630: Incredible Density Across a Range of Resources The Dell PowerEdge R630 is a mainstream 2S/1U rack server that delivers incredible density across a... Save on Operating Costs for Scale-Out Workloads With the introduction of the Dell PowerEdge FM 120x4, Dell and Intel are bringing to market a server... Dell PowerEdge R730xd: Storage Density for Clouds, Big Data and More The Dell PowerEdge R730xd, also based on Intel Xeon processors, is one of the world's densest... Dell PowerEdge T630: Versatility for ROBO Environments and More The Dell PowerEdge T630 is a mainstream 2S/5U rack-mount tower server with a versatile mix of... Introduction to the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Dell's latest generation of Intel-based PowerEdge servers has the power and flexibility to solve all... Meet Some of the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Dell’s latest Intel-based PowerEdge servers bring new levels of operational efficiency and... Management Features of the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Today's businesses need to innovate to compete. If your IT talent is spending too much time... Innovative Features in the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Dell PowerEdge servers powered by Intel processors include a number of innovative features designed... Virtualization, Convergence and Cloud with Dell PowerEdge Servers video Agility is a competitive edge that Dell's PowerEdge servers can deliver thanks to dense, storage... Read more about the stories in today's news: HPI Has Samsung-like Problem: Overheating Batteries iPhone Production Volume Slid 11.5 Percent in 2016 Google Says It Blocked 1.7 Billion Ads for Policy Violations in 2016 Sophos Phish Threat Aims to Educate Users on Phishing Risks       Today's topics include HPI's recall of more than 100,000 notebook PCs with batteries that could overheat, how much Apple iPhone production slowed in 2016, Google's report on why it blocked 1.7 billion online ads in 2016 and Sophos’ new Phish Threat attack simulator to help educate users on phishing risks. Samsung isn't the only major IT device maker that's been having trouble with too-hot-to-handle batteries. Hewlett-Packard Inc., has determined that the lithium-ion batteries used in many of its notebook PCs are fire hazards. On Jan. 24, HPI recalled about 101,000 notebooks so it could replace the suspect batteries. The company said that the batteries can overheat, posing fire and burn hazards. It is requiring owners to replace them immediately. "Consumers should immediately stop using the recalled batteries, remove them from the notebook computers and contact HP for a free replacement battery," HPI said in a media advisory. "Until a replacement battery is received, consumers should use the notebook computer by plugging it into AC power only." Research firm TrendForce reported Jan. 25 that global smartphone production volume for 2016 grew 4.7 percent annually to reach 1.36 billion units. Apple iPhone production fell by 11.5 percent. Samsung, with 23 percent market share, continued to top the annual global ranking despite the discontinuation of Galaxy Note7 smartphone because of defective batteries. Samsung mobile device production declined 3.3 percent compared to its 2015 total, mainly because Galaxy Note7 phones were recalled after batteries in a significant number of units overheated, burned or even exploded. Apple is No. 2 with a 15.3 percent share. Chinese brands Huawei, OPPO and Vivo, respectively, occupied the last three spots in the global market share top five. Google makes billions of dollars from web advertising. But the company has long claimed it does not hesitate to take down ads that it considers misleading, harmful or inappropriate. New figures and data released by the company provided more detail. In 2016, Google blocked 1.7 billion ads for violating the company’s policies. That represented double the number of ads Google blocked the previous year. About 68 million of the ads that Google blocked last year were related to bogus or illegal health care products—up sharply from the 12.5 million ads that were dropped in 2015.  Another 80 million were taken down for misleading users with false information in order to drive more clicks. Security vendor Sophos announced the official launch of its Phish Threat attack simulator on Jan. 25 to help improve end-user and organizational readiness for phishing attacks. Sophos didn't build the Phish Threat technology on its own, rather the platform was acquired from privately-held security consultancy Silent Break Security in November 2016. Phish Threat enables organizations to simulate phishing attacks to test user responses. Brady Bloxham, creator of Phish Threat, told eWEEK that while there are other phishing test platforms on the market, but in his view, they don't always reflect the evolving threat landscape. Now as part of Sophos, Phish Threat benefits from the Sophos Central platform, which is an effort to provide a consolidated view of security devices and controls across an organization.       Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend         News and Reviews Slideshows Google Open Sources Data Visualization Tool for Machine Learning Cisco Security Business Group Continues to Accelerate Growth Amazon Go Won't Kill Many Jobs, But It May Prove a Boon to Crooks Microsoft, Harman Kardon to Take on Amazon Echo, Google Home Yahoo Suffers New Hack; 1 Billion Users Impacted This Time 10 Things T-Mobile Has Done to Move O... With approximately 70 million subscribers, T-Mobile isn’t the... Watch Now                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2017 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2017 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  
Report reveals insights into Apple’s HomeKit strategy and vendor requirements | iLounge News iLounge Search NEW NEWS Sort by Category Recent Comments RSS Feed Submit News/Tip Archives Report reveals insights into Apple’s… Apple moving international iTunes operations… HBO GO gets Single Sign-On, TV app integration Apple to join the Partnership on AI (Update:… Apple near deal to begin manufacturing in… iOS 10.3 to improve in-app rating experience,… REVIEWS + ACCESSORIES Recent Reviews Browse by Category iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories Apple Watch Accessories Speakers Headphones HomeKit Accessories Forum iLounge Books & Guides Submit a Product Revogi Smart Lightbulb, Smart Lightstrip,… Audeze iSine10 In-Ear Headphones MOCACARE MOCACuff Connected Blood Pressure… Apple AirPods Elgato Eve Motion Olloclip Core Lens Set for iPhone 7/7 Plus FEATURES Ask iLounge Best of the Year Awards Editorials Features Interviews Tutorials Reports Backstage Top Five: The Best Products for Building… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers… GEAR Apple Watch Bands Bags Batteries Car Mounts Fitness Screen Protectors Just Mobile AluCharge USB Charger Griffin Pencil Sleeve for Apple Pencil Nomad Vulcanized LSR Silicone Strap for Apple… Zivix AirJamz Lutron Pico Remote Control for Audio Crosley Cruiser Deluxe MAC Macs Apps Cases Speakers Cameras Furniture Decor Mounts Extras Zoho Notebook Apple Logic Pro X 10.3 Fingerlab Yuri LG UltraFine 5K Display IK Multimedia MODO BASS OWC Thunderbolt 3 Dock HELP! Help! Links Forums Ask iLounge Tips Tutorials Apple Support Links FAQs iLounge Books & Guides Company Directory Checking Activation Lock Status before purchasing… Sorting Playlists, Songs, and Albums in the… Enabling Star Ratings in the iOS 10.2 Music… Using the Digital Crown to peek at your Apple… Controlling your Home from the Apple TV Disabling App Notifications in CarPlay DEALS iLounge Deals brings our readers exclusive deals on gadgets, iOS accessories, consumer tech software, e-learning, and more, with a wide range of products and new deals added daily. Daily Deal: MailButler Professional, Lifetime… Daily Deal: Private Internet Access VPN,… Daily Deal: Flux 6, Lifetime License Daily Deal: 1Voice Bluetooth 100% Wirefree… Daily Deal: FRESHeBUDS Pro Magnetic Bluetooth… Daily Deal: SelectTV by FreeCast, 1-Yr Subscription GALLERIES FORUMS iPod, iPhone & iPad Problems & Solutions Accessories iTunes & other software Filling Your Device Community Search Forums SHOP ABOUT US The Team Advertise Contact Us Submit App News Submit News News Report reveals insights into Apple’s HomeKit strategy and vendor requirements By Jesse Hollington @jhollington ● 11 hours ago A new report by Reuters comparing Apple and Amazon’s home automation strategies provides some interesting insight into the very different approaches that the two companies are taking to the home automation market. Suggesting that Amazon’s recent successes in the home automation arena may pose new competition for Apple, the report details some of the challenges that Apple and its partners face in delivering HomeKit solutions that are up to the company’s standard. Apple takes a stringent approach in ensuring that its home automation platform remains secure, so manufacturers who wish to produce HomeKit-compatible solutions must incorporate special chips into their products — this is the main reason why HomeKit support cannot be added to legacy products via firmware updates — and Apple also requires developers to incorporate specific Wi-Fi and Bluetooth chips into their hardware. These requirements increase costs, although even companies purchasing in smaller volumes suggest that the numbers are only around $0.50 to $2 per chip for the specialized chips. Additional costs for the Wi-Fi and Bluetooth chips weren’t discussed. Apple also requires that manufacturers produce HomeKit devices in Apple-certified factors; Reuters obtained a confidential Apple document listing more than 800 Apple-certified factors, but noted that only a few of them specialize in home automation products. The limited selection of approved manufacturing facilities results in device manufacturers facing challenges in getting the best prices or working with their preferred factories. The report cited an off-the-record comment from one manufacturer who couldn’t use a large and reputable producer of household technology brands simply because they weren’t Apple certified. Apple also requires that device makers send samples of their products to Apple’s Cupertino labs for compatibility testing, a process that can take three to five months. During this time, they cannot publicly announce that they’re pursuing HomeKit certification. Some developers, however, note that there are benefits to this approach, as Apple can discover product issues that many companies — especially smaller startups — may not find in their own testing. It’s worth noting that most of these procedures aren’t unique to HomeKit devices; members of Apple’s MFi program have long worked under similar rules and limitations to produce other devices such as speakers with Lightning or AirPlay compatibility. However, as the Reuters report notes, in the HomeKit space this puts Apple at odds with Amazon’s more “open” approach, which only requires that software code be submitted to Amazon for review, and doesn’t require any hardware testing at all unless companies wish to place an entirely optional “Works with Alexa” label on their products. These easier procedures have placed the number of Alexa-compatible devices ahead of Apple’s HomeKit offerings by a ratio of 2.5 to 1. However, even Amazon acknowledges that unlike Apple, they take no part in guaranteeing the security of third-party devices. Unlike Apple HomeKit, Amazon Alexa home integration also remains primarily focused on adding voice activation to otherwise vendor-centric control systems, rather than providing the unified user experience that HomeKit offers. Comments Apple moving international iTunes operations to Ireland » Related Stories Apple moving international iTunes operations to Ireland Apple to join the Partnership on AI (Update: formally announced) Dropcam co-founder Greg Duffy joins Apple Apple files lawsuit against Qualcomm in Beijing Apple near deal to begin manufacturing in India iOS 10.3 to improve in-app rating experience, allow developers to respond to App Store reviews Subscribe to iLounge Weekly Recent News Report reveals insights into Apple’s HomeKit strategy and vendor requirements Apple moving international iTunes operations to Ireland HBO GO gets Single Sign-On, TV app integration Apple to join the Partnership on AI (Update: formally announced) Dropcam co-founder Greg Duffy joins Apple Apple files lawsuit against Qualcomm in Beijing Apple near deal to begin manufacturing in India iOS 10.3 to improve in-app rating experience, allow developers to respond to App Store reviews Apple releases first iOS 10.3, tvOS 10.2 betas Pokémon Duel released for iOS Recent Reviews Revogi Smart Lightbulb, Smart Lightstrip, Smart Candle + Smart Meter Plug Audeze iSine10 In-Ear Headphones MOCACARE MOCACuff Connected Blood Pressure Monitor Apple AirPods Elgato Eve Motion Olloclip Core Lens Set for iPhone 7/7 Plus Logitech Pop Home Switch Starter Pack Elgato Eve Light Switch iHome iPLWBT5 Docking Clock Radio for iPhone and Apple Watch Brydge 12.9 iPad Pro Keyboard Recent Articles Top Five: The Best Products for Building a Smart Home with HomeKit Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of watchOS 3 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of tvOS 10 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of iOS 10 Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced Computer Vision Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers ‘clarity and simplicity’ Inside the betas: iOS 10 Maps gets a major redesign Inside the betas: iOS 10 shakes up the user experience Inside the betas: watchOS 3 promises a real speed boost Inside the betas: A sneak peek at what’s new in tvOS 10 Win Subscribe Buy ADVERTISE | CONTACT US Search Sign up for the iLounge Weekly Newsletter iLounge is an independent resource for all things iPod, iPhone, iPad, and beyond. iPod, iPhone, iPad, iTunes, Apple TV, Mac, and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc. iLounge is © 2001 - 2017 iLounge, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Business & Technology Business Insider Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR Celebrity POPSUGAR Fashion POPSUGAR Beauty POPSUGAR Health & Fitness ShopStyle Toggle navigation Join Log In Tech Insider Money & Markets Briefing Ideas Executive Life Video Tech Insider Samsung's new Galaxy S8 phones could make the future of headphones messier Jeff Dunn Jan 28, 2017, 4:29 AM facebook twitter reddit linkedin Email After a slew of leaks this week, it appears as if we know just about everything there is to know about Samsung’s upcoming Galaxy S8 phones. Citing “several well-placed sources,” The Guardian dropped a batch of details on Tuesday. That was largely corroborated by VentureBeat’s Evan Blass on Thursday. Blass, who has a long history of accurately leaking phones, also included the first purported photos of the new devices. They show two phones with curved screens, thin chassis, fingerprint scanners on the back — and, lo and behold, 3.5mm headphone jacks. That last bit is significant. For the past several months, the common wisdom in the tech world has been that the traditional headphone jack is living on borrowed time. Apple famously ditched it with the iPhone 7 in an effort push people toward wireless pairs. The move upset a lot of people, and it hasn’t magically fixed Bluetooth’s issues, but Apple devices live in their own world. If the break had to happen, at least it was relatively clean. If you’re a headphone manufacturer, you can make wireless cans or Lightning cans, and you know you’ll have all iPhone users covered from now on. With Android, though, the situation is sloppier. Intel and others have been pushing USB-C, the do-everything port that’s replacing all older USB ports on more and more devices, as the 3.5mm jack’s replacement for the past several months. USB-C is a digital connection, so it could bring the same enhancements as Lightning, but it’s also an open standard, so nobody has to pay Apple a cut to use it. Over the past few months, the likes of Motorola, LeEco, and HTC have jumped on the bandwagon. Flickr/Răzvan BăltărețuThe Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge. Being open, though, means a higher chance of fragmentation. And if the flagship phones from the world’s most popular smartphone maker are sticking with the 3.5mm jack, that’s going to stunt USB-C’s chances of being a replacement for a little while longer. While the Galaxy S series doesn’t outsell the iPhone on its own — Samsung’s market share is high because it sells many phones at many price points — it’s still Android’s biggest high-end device. Without it, and with the bulk of Android’s affordable phones keeping the jack as well, there’s simply less incentive for headphone companies to make USB-C pairs. Motorola and HTC aren’t setting the world on fire sales-wise. Yes, the Galaxy S8 is expected to have a USB-C port for charging, so it could still technically support USB-C headphones. But if the headphone jack is still there, it’s hard to see people choosing something that’s generally pricier and makes it so you can’t charge your phone and listen to music at the same time. Hollis JohnsonThe LeEco LePro 3 is one of a handful of Android phones that have ditched the headphone jack entirely. Ultimately, if Samsung sticks with the jack, it will probably be a good thing. Nobody enjoys using a dongle. And again, to truly hear the benefits of a USB-C connection, you’ll likely need to pay a bit more than you would for a simple, good-enough analogue pair. The move would also give Samsung a very easy selling point in its ongoing war with the iPhone. On a higher level, the headphone world is still moving toward wireless pairs and so-called “hearables.” The Galaxy S8 keeping the jack may not expedite that process, but it won’t stop it. And by 2018, it may ditch the jack regardless. But for now, giving people the option to adapt USB-C without banning the alternative is a friendly move. Just don’t expect to see many more headphone makers go all-in on USB-C because of it. This is the Samsung Galaxy S8, launching March 29 https://t.co/lQZ0K0q2MA pic.twitter.com/dlusRMX4YH — Evan Blass (@evleaks) January 26, 2017 NOW WATCH: 7 gadgets we’re looking forward to in 2017 Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram. Tagged In audio galaxy s8 headphone jack headphones retail samsung samsung galaxy tech Business Insider Australia Contact Editor Got A Story Tip? Report Issue Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join Watch & Learn This swing flies over the edge of a mountain This faucet fountain looks like it's floating This five-pound steak is bigger than your head This bike seat doubles as a bike lock. Your Money S&P 500 2,296 -1.12 (-0.049%) Nikkei 225 19,467 +65.01 (+0.335%) S&P/ASX 200 5,714 +42.50 (+0.749%) Popular on Facebook The creator of a bogus diet popularised by celebrities like Kate Hudson faces up to 3 years in prison Here are the 'smartest' dog breeds, according to a canine psychologist The 6 jobs Australian recruiters say will be in demand in 2017 GEORGE SOROS: 'These times are not business as usual -- Wishing you the best in a troubled world' Popular on LinkedIn 24 things expats find surprising about Australian working culture Meet the 33-year-old Silicon Valley CEO whose company combines economic theory and online auctions Inside the secretive Qantas Chairman's Lounge, Australia's most exclusive club Two of Cisco's biggest competitors quietly kicked it in the teeth this week Popular Haunting photos of an abandoned waterpark in Vietnam The newest 'Resident Evil' game is out now -- and it's as gross as it is gorgeous Details on Snap's $25 billion IPO are expected to be revealed next week The world's CEOs are choosing to prepare -- not 'paralyse' -- themselves for a 'Hard Brexit' Flying Cretaceous Monster Ate Dinosaurs For Breakfast Check Out All The Movies That La La Land References The Exorcist Creator Says The Show's Two-Part Finale Will Be The 'Craziest Episodes We've Done' Watch Football Stars Get Bombed By Ball-Dropping Drones Top World Of Warcraft Guild Boots Raider Over Sabotage Scandal What We Love And Hate About Overwatch's Chinese New Year Update One Of These Four Transformers Will Be The Next Leader Of Cybertron Flappy Bird Creator Releases Cute, Frustrating New Game How Dangerous Are Australian Animals Compared To The Rest Of The World? Four Ways To Make A Too-Small T-Shirt Bigger Find The Best Spots For Houseplants In Your Home With The 'Shadow Trick' Antivirus Software Does More Harm Than Good, Says Former Mozilla Developer © 2007-2017 Allure Media BI Intelligence About Advertise Contact TermsTerms of Use InternationalBusiness Insider International
Mobile iPhone iPad Android Wearables Mac TV Music Movies Deals More like this? RAZMAG.com Mobile iPhone iPad Android Wearables Mac TV Music Movies Deals ‘HBO GO’ Updates With Support for TV App, Single Sign-On Share Tweet RAZMAG.com - ‘HBO GO’ Updates With Support for TV App, Single Sign-On Heads Up: Hydration App ‘WaterMinder’ is Currently FREE! Apple Promotes ‘Read-Aloud’ Books With FREE Dora Title macOS 10.12.4 (Beta 1): ‘Night Shift’ Comes to the Mac [VIDEO] Google Just Redesigned Its ‘Voice’ App … Here’s What’s New. App Store ‘HBO GO’ Updates With Support for TV App, Single Sign-On By Arron Hirst 12 hrs ago Share Tweet Fans of all things HBO may be pleased to learn that the latest update to the network’s GO app now includes full support for Apple’s own TV app, along with allowing users to login to their provider’s service using single sign-on. First introduced in iOS 10.2, Apple’s “single sign-on” feature was designed to take the stress out of having to sign-in to multiple video content apps, instead letting users in the states sign-in just once – for access to all of their network and subscription offerings. It’s HBO, anywhere, and lets you enjoy unlimited access to the best of HBO: original series, hit movies, sports, documentaries, comedy specials and more. … and in its latest version, HBO GO for iPhone and iPad is also joining this party, with both versions of the app now supporting logging-in using Apple Single-Sign On for “select providers.” In addition the network is also adding the ability to continue watching that last movie, (or TV episode), you started – but didn’t finish, directly from the HBO GO Homescreen … and you can now –finally– keep track of all your favorite HBO GO shows and movies using Apple’s official TV app. You can learn more about Apple’s attempt at building out its cross-device TV experience, currently only available in the U.S – and likely set to expand to other regions in the coming months, here. Download HBO GO on the App Store, for FREE. Version: 9.0.0 iPhone + iPad HBO GO FREE Continue Reading You may also like... Heads Up: Hydration App ‘WaterMinder’ is Currently FREE! Apple Promotes ‘Read-Aloud’ Books With FREE Dora Title macOS 10.12.4 (Beta 1): ‘Night Shift’ Comes to the Mac [VIDEO] Google Just Redesigned Its ‘Voice’ App … Here’s What’s New. Related Topics:App Store, App Updates, Apple TV, Continue Watching, HBO, HBO GO, iOS, iPad, iPhone, Mobile, TV, TV Television, Update, What's New Arron Hirst In an attempt to merge the worlds of music, design and journalism, Arron is perhaps best known for founding online news brand: RazorianFly; a hobby which grew to attract a monthly audience of 120K. Today he can be found designing and writing for RAZMAG.com whilst also managing #THEHOTLIST - a weekly updating playlist of the hottest new artists, now streaming on Apple Music. More in App Store App Store Heads Up: Hydration App ‘WaterMinder’ is Currently FREE! By Arron Hirst9 hrs ago Keeping a tab on how much water you intake per day can be super helpful to your overall wellbeing, and also... App Store Official ‘Apple Support’ App Expands To 22 Countries By Arron Hirst26th Jan 17 11:09 pm Designed to simplify user access to its support services, Apple’s official Support app is this week expanding its reach to a... App Store ‘Pokémon Go’ Now Speaks Korean! By Arron Hirst24th Jan 17 10:57 pm 주의, 포켓몬 팬들! … App Store Snapchat’s ‘Universal Search’ Feature Goes Live On iOS By Arron Hirst24th Jan 17 4:52 pm Originally announced as coming to the popular photo and video app – earlier this month, Snapchat‘s new ‘Universal Search’ feature has... App Store “Sidefari” is Back … (And Now, It’s FREE!) By Arron Hirst24th Jan 17 12:51 am Receiving its last update back in June, popular iOS workflow utility Sidefari is making its comeback with a new update …... App Store Don’t Miss This: “Pocket Anatomy” [$14.99 > FREE] By Arron Hirst12th Jan 17 8:52 pm There’s rarely a chance we get to say you truly shouldn’t miss something. Luckily for you, now is one of those... App Store Deals: “midimux” – Transfer MIDI Between iOS, Mac and Windows [$6.99 > FREE] By Arron Hirst9th Jan 17 4:02 am If you’ve been looking for a way to pump MIDI-formatted data to either your Mac or Windows PC, and you happen... App Store Someone Just Launched An App To Find Your Lost AirPods [UPDATED: REMOVED] By Arron Hirst8th Jan 17 2:22 am Rejoice! … (Update: Okay, maybe not.) App Store Deals: myTuner Radio Pro [$2.99 > FREE] By Arron Hirst3rd Jan 17 12:39 am Covering more than 120 countries, and 30,000 radio stations, myTuner Radio Pro just dropped from its regular price of $2.99 to... Subscribe to our mailing list Email Address Weekly Pick (iPhone) Version: 1.81 iPhone + iPad Golf Clash FREE Trending Now Apple This Service Claims To Turn Your AirPods Black … (No, Srsly). Music 5 Tracks You Need To Hear This Weekend Books Apple Promotes ‘Read-Aloud’ Books With FREE Dora Title Music This Sam Tsui Cover For ‘Shape Of You’ is Glorious [WATCH] App Store Heads Up: Hydration App ‘WaterMinder’ is Currently FREE! App Store ‘HBO GO’ Updates With Support for TV App, Single Sign-On Where to Next? iOS | Apple's mobile operating system. iPhone | The phone that changed it all. iPad | Cupertino's magical tablet. Mac | Insanely Great. Wearables | That's a word, right? Music | Beats 1 ... and beyond. TV | See what's hot on the big-screen. Movies | ... and the silver screen! You May Also Like … Santander Briefly Enables UK Card Activations via Apple Pay Re/Code: Apple’s Wearable Unlikely To Ship Before 2015 Apple’s Going All Out On Advertising The 4th-Gen Apple TV [PHOTO] iTunes 12.2.1 – Now Available for Download Universal Debuts Full-Length Trailer for ‘Steve Jobs’ [VIDEO] ﻿﻿﻿﻿ Trending Apps BUY Minecraft: Pocket Edition BUY Bloons TD 5 BUY Geometry Dash More Charts Hot Movies Explore the hottest new movies. ﻿ BUY Trolls $19.99 BUY Inferno $14.99 BUY The Accountant (2016) $19.99 ABOUT POLICY RSS Copyright © 2017 RAZMAG.com. The Apple® logo, App Store®, iPhone®, iPod®, iPad®, Mac®, iTunes®, watchOS® and tvOS™ are trademarks of Apple Inc. iOS is a trademark or registered trademark of Cisco in the U.S. and other countries. All other content remains the property of its respective owners. Emoji art supplied by EmojiOne. version 10.0 To Top
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Apple finally joins Facebook, Google, IBM and Microsoft in AI group to ensure technology is used 'for the greater good of humanity' Apple is the fifth tech giant to join Partnership on AI Amazon, Facebook Google/DeepMind, IBM and Microsoft are all members  Group works to ensure AI is used ethically and safely   By Stacy Liberatore For Dailymail.com Published: 15:27 EST, 27 January 2017 | Updated: 20:55 EST, 27 January 2017 e-mail 12 shares 3 View comments Apple has joined an artificial Intelligence (AI) research group alongside the other tech giants of the world. The organization, called Partnership on AI, ensures that the technology is used ethically and for the greater good of humanity. The Cupertino company has been involved with the group since last year, but has formalized its membership together with Amazon, Facebook Google/DeepMind, IBM and Microsoft. Scroll down for video  Apple has joined an artificial Intelligence (AI) research group alongside other tech giants of the world. The firm has been involved with the group since last year, but has formalized its membership together with Amazon, Facebook Google/DeepMind, IBM and Microsoft The birth of AI has made our lives easier, but the more advance it becomes, the more some worry about what the future holds. And experts have been verbal about the nightmare that may lay ahead. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Google Maps can now warn you BEFORE you leave the house if... NASA displays Apollo 1 capsule hatch 50 years after fatal... Microsoft's market value tops $500 BILLION for the first... Panasonic introduces service ROBOTS to Tokyo Narita Airport... Share this article Share 12 shares Stephen Hawking has warned that AI 'has the potential to evolve faster than the human race' and stated that 'we need to ensure AI is designed ethically, with safeguards in place'- this is where Partnership on AI comes in. 'The objective of the Partnership on AI is to address opportunities and challenges with AI technologies to benefit people and society,' the group said during its launch in September. PARTNERSHIP ON AI RULES 1. We will seek to ensure that AI technologies benefit and empower as many people as possible. 2. We will educate and listen to the public and actively engage stakeholders to seek their feedback on our focus, inform them of our work, and address their questions. 3. We are committed to open research and dialog on the ethical, social, economic, and legal implications of AI. 4. We believe that AI research and development efforts need to be actively engaged with and accountable to a broad range of stakeholders. The objective of the Partnership on AI is to address opportunities and challenges with AI technologies to benefit people and society 5. We will engage with and have representation from stakeholders in the business community to help ensure that domain-specific concerns and opportunities are understood and addressed. 6. We will work to maximize the benefits and address the potential challenges of AI technologies, by: Working to protect the privacy and security of individuals. Striving to understand and respect the interests of all parties that may be impacted by AI advances. Working to ensure that AI research and engineering communities remain socially responsible, sensitive, and engaged directly with the potential influences of AI technologies on wider society. Ensuring that AI research and technology is robust, reliable, trustworthy, and operates within secure constraints. Opposing development and use of AI technologies that would violate international conventions or human rights, and promoting safeguards and technologies that do no harm. 7. We believe that it is important for the operation of AI systems to be understandable and interpretable by people, for purposes of explaining the technology. 8. We strive to create a culture of cooperation, trust, and openness among AI scientists and engineers to help us all better achieve these goals.    Partnership on AI says plans to 'conduct research, recommend best practices, and publish research under an open license in areas such as ethics, fairness and inclusivity; transparency, privacy, and interoperability; collaboration between people and AI systems; and the trustworthiness, reliability and robustness of the technology' And now, Apple is the latest newcomer in helping the mission. 'We're glad to see the industry engaging on some of the larger opportunities and concerns created with the advance of machine learning and AI, Tom Gruber, head of advanced development of Siri, shared in a statement. The growth of AI is slowing making the lives of humans easier, but it is also increasing concerns over the future of humanity. And experts have been very verbal about the nightmare, similar to what happened in Terminator, that may lay ahead 'We believe it's beneficial to Apple, our customers, and the industry to play an active role in its development and look forward to collaborating with the group to help drive discussion on how to advance AI while protecting the privacy and security of consumers.' In addition to Apple joining, Partnership on AI also brought on six new independent board members. The new members will join Greg Corrado (Google/DeepMind), Tom Gruber (Apple), Ralf Herbrich (Amazon), Eric Horvitz (Microsoft), Yann Lecun (Facebook), and Francesca Rossi (IBM) on our Board of Trustees, to create a board that strikes a balance between corporate and not-for-profit memberships. WILL ROBOTS TAKE OUR JOBS?  As robots increasingly make their way into the workforce, some have argued that they will soon be taking over many traditionally human jobs. In an interview with Fox Business, former McDonalds USA CEO Ed Rensi argued that the $15/hour minimum wage raise will bring 'job loss like you can't believe.' He argued that it would be cheaper for companies to instead purchase robotic devices. 'If you look at the robotic devices that are coming into the restaurant industry -- it's cheaper to buy a $35,000 robotic arm than it is to hire an employee who's inefficient making $15 an hour bagging French fries,' Rensi said. Foxconn, a supplier for Apple and Samsung, has already reduced its human workforce drastically, The South China Morning Post reports. One factory has now 'reduced employee strength from 110,000 to 50,000, thanks to the introduction of robots,' an official told the Post. And, they predict more companies will soon follow, with up to 600 firms reporting similar plans in a government survey.  'We passionately believe in the potential for it to transform in a positive way our world,' said Mustafa Suleyman, head of applied A.I. for DeepMind, an artificial intelligence development company acquired by Google in 2014. 'We believe it's critical now to start to think about new models of engagement with the public, new models of collaboration across the industry and new models of transparency around the work that we do.' The first meeting of the Board of Trustees is taking place on Friday, February 3rd in San Francisco, and the group plans to share the details 'shortly after' the meeting.    Share or comment on this article e-mail 12 shares Most watched News videos Graphic: NZ Breakers player's eye dislodged in horrific injury Pizza Hut customer finds workers in the back of empty restaurant in Bristol 'There goes that relationship' Trump's quip to BBC question Shocking CCTV shows car speed into Humber Bridge barrier Heartwarming scene as Grayce shares her puppies with owner Florida couple passed out in their car with two children in the backseat A close look at the huge crack formed across Arizona desert Enraged man punches laptop and quits job during 'meltdown' at airport Bizarre footage of multiple UFOs hovering near Mexican border Alarming moment guy violently pushes man onto tube tracks CCTV shows brave man fighting nunchuck-wielding robbers Inauguration etiquette 101: Escort First Lady up White House steps First ladies first? Why didn't Trump wait for Melania at... Hollywood legend John Hurt dies: Two-time Oscar nominee... Two-mile crack is found in the Arizona desert: Giant... What a special relationship! Trump gets touchy-feely with... Live by the sword, die by the sword: Stunning... Devastated father tells how mother died in court 'because... 'Well there goes that relationship!' President Trump... Smiling conman bags £330 'refund' for a TV he just picked... What a special relationship! Trump gets touchy-feely with... 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for... Bizarre moment customer walks into empty Pizza Hut and... The gruesome moment a basketball player's EYE pops out... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● Comments 3 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual Your comment will be credited to your MailOnline persona No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual Your comment will be credited to your MailOnline persona More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read What to do in a nuclear attack: As the world edges closer to doomsday, experts reveal their tips for... Coughton Court's secret room: 3D scans finally unveil a priest hole hidden in the walls of the famous... Can YOU solve this McDonald's maths puzzle? Brainteaser that has left the internet baffled is harder than it... Climate change and NOT humans killed off Australia's Ice Age megabeasts including 500lb kangaroos and... A cluster of UFOs was filmed hovering over the border between the US and Mexico... but the footage has... Corn is turning french hamsters into 'deranged cannibals' that eat their own offspring The ultra secure, self-destructing 'black phone' Donald Trump SHOULD be using revealed amid claims the... Stunned Pittsburgh museum workers find a REAL human skull inside the 148 year old plaster head of a diarama... The ultimate Nerf: $100 'Nemesis' that can hold 100 foam pellets and fire them at 70mph revealed Who's a good boy? Study finds dogs will always share their treats - especially with their friends Talk about going the extra mile! Shark travels half way around the world in just 600 days in new world... Get ready for the iCig: Apple files patent for a VAPE that could also be used for marijuana Did Earth makes its OWN water deep in the mantle? New theory could solve the mystery of our planet's liquid... NASA study reveals how much radiation REALLY hits you when you travel by plane A human-pig hybrid embryo has been created in a world first: Breakthrough could open up the possibility for... MORE HEADLINES MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today The Kushners break bread with Team Trump: Jared and Ivanka welcome members of the President's cabinet for the first big Shabbat meal at their new DC home  Snapping back into shape! Terry Richardson shares NUDE post-baby bod photo of girlfriend Alexandra 'Skinny' Bolotow Controversial snapper Paula Patton and Robin Thicke's girlfriend April Love Geary meet in a Malibu parking lot where the pair appear to communicate through a mediator amid custody battle Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy sweater as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumors Casual look PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy Strolling hand-in-hand Hollywood legend John Hurt dead: Two-time Oscar nominee and Elephant Man actor passes away aged 77 after battling cancer and suffering intestinal complaint Why Jackie O is STILL the First Lady of fashion: A hit film means even more stars trying to copy JFK's widow but they rarely pull it off, says SANDRA HOWARD Mischa Barton says she was drugged while having birthday drinks before meltdown that left her 'screaming about the end of the world' Va va voom! Kendall Jenner sizzles in sheer black gown with thigh-high slit as she leads the stars at Harper's Bazaar event In LA Demi Moore and daughters Tallulah and Scout Willis make for a trio of fashionistas at Harper's Bazaar event Event took place at the Sunset Tower Hotel Revealed: Alan Thicke picked brother over son Robin to care for then-minor son Carter in 2007  The Canadian entertainer died at 69 Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling secretly wed Flashy Nothing to hide! Paris Jackson showcases nipple-piercings as she goes braless in Los Angeles King of Pop's daughter stepped out in LA Bombshell in black and white! Emily Ratajkowski shows off her cleavage in strapless gown for Harper's Bazaar celebration She dazzled 'Two special girls'! Marla Maples shares pointed throwback snap of herself with Ivanka and Tiffany Trump as girls - after Ivanka said she and her stepmother weren't close Red alert! Victoria Justice and Elle Fanning stand out in scarlet at the Harper's Bazaar celebration The two starlets were an arresting sight in red Hilary Duff goes effortlessly chic in double-breasted black pantsuit set at star-studded Harper's Bazaar gala Donned a two-piece black pantsuit Cool customer! EJ Johnson rocks hot pink varsity jacket and Daisy Dukes for spot of shopping  Shopping in Beverly Hills at Saks Fifth Avenue Leggy blonde! Courtney Stodden steps out in platform heels and barely there shorts for lunch in Beverly Hills The reality star wore tiny black shorts  Schuyler Sisters of the hit Broadway musical Hamilton will sing America the Beautiful at Super Bowl 51 In Houston, Texas, on February 5 All that glitters! Julianne Hough bares cleavage in sparkling Zuhair Murad outfit at Harper's BAZAAR 150 Most Fashionable Women event Support system! Paul Rudd joins screenwriter wife Julie at Sundance premiere of their new film Fun Mom Dinner Posed at its world premiere  Bra-vo! Heidi Klum puts on an eye-popping display as she ditches a blouse and opts for a plunging blazer at Harper's Bazaar gala Former Victoria's Secret Angel  David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite Pretty in pattern! Jordana Brewster cuts a stylish figure in a navy and white dress for shopping outing with her son Rowan in Beverly Hills Their love is fantastic! Newly-engaged Kate Mara and Jamie Bell beam while hand-in-hand on outing in LA Brokeback Mountain star Gal pals Kristen Stewart and Chloe Grace Moretz spend THIRD day in a row together at gym in LA The 26-year-old Twilight star  Fresh face: Reese Witherspoon looks radiant after treating herself to retail therapy at skin care store Spotted in Beverly Hills, California  'Summer Is Coming': Kelly Rohrbach sizzles and Priyanka Chopra chills in steamy 'moving posters' for upcoming Baywatch film A series of 'moving poster' videos A hat trick of stars! Alyssa Milano, Jon Hamm and Michael J. Fox shine at NHL 100 Gala The event was at the Microsoft Theater at L.A.  Todd Fisher announces joint public memorial service for sister Carrie and mother Debbie Reynolds It's been a sad few weeks for the Fisher family PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Enjoyed a carefree night out with friends in Los Angeles 'I'm still in shock': Drew Barrymore confesses she's 'not ready' to begin dating...five months after officially divorcing Will Kopelman 'It gets so much worse': RHOA's Kandi Burruss hits back at co-star Porsha Williams over threesome and lesbian rumors  'Drinking a lot of beer and eating a lot of cheeseburgers': Matthew McConaughey talks 21kg (47lbs) weight gain for new role as he transforms his body AGAIN  39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy The 19 Kids And Counting star DJ Khaled, John Legend, and Luke Bryan announced as new advisors on The Voice alongside Celine Dion New line-up is revealed for the show 'He joined the Nazi Party': The Young and the Restless star Eric Braeden reveals details about his German father and long career in new memoir The couple that works together: Alanis Morissette and husband Mario 'Souleye' Treadway team up for wintry Snow Angel music video Buxom Pamela Anderson, 49, rolls back the years as she shows off her famous cleavage in plunging party dress at Paris bash Baywatch babe Turning the tables! Sofia Richie rocks pink jacket as she practises photography skills while out and about in LA She decided to take her turn at the other end of the camera  Welcome to Pippa's wedding of the year: A marquee for 350 in mum and dad's back garden. A Caribbean honeymoon BEFORE the big day. And a naughty best man Anne Hathaway is movie star chic in all black ensemble with dark shades and bold red lip as she steps out in NYC She is 34 She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session Keeping fit That's certainly one way to catch the Royal eye! ROBERT HARDMAN on how the Queen undertook her first public engagement of 2017 with a celebration of all things Fijian 'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear The 19-year-old reality star Quirk it! Melissa George, 40, flaunts shapely pins in bold silver mini dress complete with hot-pink sleeves as she attends awards gala in Paris No time for jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio hits the gym in Victoria's Secret gym gear... just a day after flying from Paris to LA A model's work is never done!  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn She's gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny, to a multi-millionaire  As the Queen opens her secret archive for the first time ROBERT HARDMAN is given exclusive access to astonishing revelations about the real George III EXCLUSIVE: Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for makeout sessions during NYC dinner date Fun family yoga! Coco Austin holds her baby girl in the air while resting on her sister's hands and feet in impressive new Instagram pic 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour She bared her taut legs as she posed for a selfie Pictured: William and Kate get $25,000 yew hedge to give their new palace home some privacy  The royal couple have hired gardeners Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat She let fans glimpse how much work goes into getting ready SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Elizabeth Hurley's favorite photographer, son Damian, 14 He took this picture in the Maldives which she shared on social media Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Sharon Stone, 58, shows off her perfect bikini body in a black two-piece on sunshine break  Looked almost ageless Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbors found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back She died aged 22 Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Out in the Big Apple 'I decided to save my own life': Woman, 44, loses 35 KILOS in two years by running and following an alkaline diet... and she says 'anyone can do it' The 'Oh Yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer $175million but he's never even SEEN the movie You look a bit of a plonker in that, Rodders! Rock star Stewart's new look is a little more UK TV star Del Boy chic, as the French say, than millionaire crooner REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips naked to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap She is covered by just a white sheet Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Reportedly uninvited  Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Paying respects It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym The beautiful 27-year-old British actress Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 Worn by the 65-year-old actor in the 1992 movie A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Posed on the beach Aloha! Amber Rose showcases curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Not one to usually shy away from showing off her eye-popping figure 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She won't return Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in defamation case Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 The Royals actress Paula Patton claims ex Robin Thicke invited his drug dealer to their son's 5th birthday and that he punched her in court documents as she fights for sole custody  Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school students during Malawi charity trip Shed her usual pop star privileges He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles The DNCE frontman  Katherine Webb is accused of 'body shaming' after she shared an image of her son's bare bottom while stating it is the 'only time butt dimples are cute' Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  She died on Wednesday Rapper Chief Keef is arrested at his million-dollar LA home after his former producer accused the artist of 'assaulting and robbing him with an AK-47' Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram She's looking hotter than ever on social media Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-colored bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Crazy for couture! FEMAIL rounds up the girliest one-of-a-kind gowns from Paris Couture Fashion Week and shows you where to shop equally pretty pieces for much less 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photo of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing The beauty shared images of her injuries Make way for Megyn! NBC 'to revamp the Today show and possibly move Hoda and Kathie Lee from their timeslot when Kelly joins the network' 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set Highly anticipated 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik Swift at her sexiest Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander Dominic and Alicia have worked together before Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches in between takes on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl She is yet to confirm they are expecting a second child As Couture Fashion Week comes to a close, FEMAIL breaks down the street style outfits modeled by Bella Hadid, Olivia Palermo and Kendall Jenner  'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears She captioned the pic: '#Legends #BlondesRule #FBF' Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Gideon and Harper were making cupcakes Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Her character will give fans a closer look into Will's timeline Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project in New York City She is in the city shooting bio-pic Can You Ever Forgive Me? Beauty crash course: Kate Hudson's manicurist shares the surprising household items you can use to create on-trend DIY nail looks this weekend  Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for appearance on The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Judy Garland's remains are dug up from her grave in New York and moved to LA 48 years after her death by her daughter Liza Minnelli  'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on 47lbs for new film Gold Nothing says I love you like bondage rope... Gwyneth Paltrow debuts saucy Valentine's gift guide filled with crude jewelry, risque lingerie and organic condoms Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice The Rich Girl hitmaker gushed: 'There's nobody like Celine' City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman Bristol Palin shares snap of herself testing out new pregnancy pillow given to her by her husband and son, just days after she slammed the Women's March Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Spotted in Los Angeles Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage's disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX He gave a glimpse of his battle with baldness on Thursday 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of fine for dangerous cliff diving During a break in filming on Pacific Rim: Uprising Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after the school run Mother of three kids and a successful actress Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Posing on her Snapchat Story in a sheer top In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day out  Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Hotly anticipated movie Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! A pram fit for a king! Pregnant Cheryl and One Direction's Liam Payne get delivery from Royal family favorite company Preparing Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Logan actor hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Funny clip She's got the moves! Steph Curry's adorable daughter Riley, 4, steals the show again with impromptu dab-off at father's high school jersey retirement Rafael Nadal's girlfriend Xisca Perello joins him for the first time at Australian Open and gives him some VERY close support... as he reaches the final 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organized pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks Is this your shady sitcom star? Tom Arnold tweets about 'weather in Africa' as I'm A Celebrity posts silhouette video that matches Roseanne actor PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  Very excited fans Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes her dog for a walk... amid rumors her relationship with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain is over Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live by Night results in $75million loss for Warner Bros Took critical response to Batman v Superman very personally Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North Ultimate bachelorette pad! Mary Tyler Moore's home from her days as Mary Richards goes on sale for $1.7m boasting seven bedrooms, nine bathrooms and SAUNA  Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Shout out to my (other) ex: Perrie Edwards deletes Instagram snap of boyfriend Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain after that nightclub row  Is it over already? Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich, UK Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child, ex Paula Patton and her mother'  Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub Mistakenly named as an Oscar nominee. Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend She took a stroll in West Hollywood Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco Obama is set to cash in on presidency with a reported $20MILLION advance for his memoirs  'Go for more than any president's before it' From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  'Do better!' Lucy Hale is slammed on Twitter after joking about showing off 'baby hairs' in a shoot, prompting many to accuse her of ignorance  Portraits fit for the Queen go up for auction: Pictures of Royals and political leaders by artist who painted Her Majesty while she watched racing on TV  Specs appeal! Baywatch beauty Priyanka Chopra rocks aviator eyeglasses while out in New York City Plays Alex Parrish on the ABC thriller Quantico A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a TV show appearance 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Throwback Thursday! Kristen Bell shares snap of her crying at her 2013 wedding to Dax Shepard The 36-year-old actress wrote: '#tbt to when I cried at our wedding' 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere On the red carpet Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC  She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leaves for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Jetting off 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke Will headline an upcoming ABC thriller  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala Forever associated with his on-screen love affair 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body The 32-year-old reality star  Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  They seem to be serious From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Is it really worth paying £280 for the Switch? MailOnline gives its verdict on Nintendo's latest console While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Would YOU take love advice from a robot? AI agony aunt dishes out relationship wisdom online 1 comment 2 videos SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Tech ‘First Billionaire In Hip Hop’ Dr. Dre Celebrates Beats Headphones Sale To Apple [VIDEO] Giuseppe Macri Tech Editor Giuseppe Macri12:20 PM 05/09/2014      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 4183535 After news broke late Thursday that Apple is working on a $3.2 billion deal to buy Beats Electronics, the developer behind the popular headphones of the same name, company co-founder and hip hop producer Dr. Dre, appeared in a video online and declared himself “the first billionaire in hip hop.” Actor Tyrese Gibson was apparently celebrating with Dre in the producer’s studio following the reports, and posted the video to his Facebook page. “They need to update the Forbes list,” Gibson said in the video referencing the magazine’s list of the world’s richest people, and described Dre as having joined the “billionaire boys club.” “In a big way — understand that,” Dre followed up. “The first billionaire in hip hop.” Though the expletive-rich video appears to show Dre celebrating the deal, he doesn’t explicitly reference or confirm the news. The post has since been taken down, but initially included the caption: “How did I end up in the studio with Dr Dre ON THE night his deal went public that he did with Apple 3.2 BILLION!!!!! The BEATS HEADPHONES JUST CHANGED HIP HOP!!!!!!” WATCH: The New York Times, Wall Street Journal and Financial Times reported the story Thursday citing sources briefed on the talks. Beats by Dre headphones‘ annual sales revenues have reportedly gone up to $1.5 billion since the company was founded with music executive Jimmy Iovine began selling headphones in 2008. The deal would include the new Beats Music streaming service, which Apple is likely acquiring to compete with streaming services like Pandora and Spotify after the company’s iTunes Radio failed to impress the industry. Apple’s revenue growth has declined sharply in recent years, and the company only entered the broadly popular streaming market last year — late because of former CEO Steve Jobs’ reported unfavorable opinion of music subscription services. The company continues to be the largest seller of music downloads, but is losing market share to companies like Amazon. Purchasing Beats would mark Apple’s largest acquisition ever. The headphones retail between about $169.95 to $449.95, depending on model and features, and despite many music and sound industry experts describing their quality as “extraordinarily bad,” the brand has become enormously popular as a fashion item among a younger consumer base, and the popular alternative to standard earbuds models. Beats’ success is due in large part to its wide profit margins – despite the steep prices of the popular bass-heavy headphone models, each individual unit reportedly only costs around $14 to produce. Private equity firm Carlyle Group invested $500 million in Beats last year, and valued the company at more than $1 billion. Neither Apple nor Beats would comment on the deal in the original reports, and the briefed sources said they were still in the negotiation stage. Though the companies have yet to consummate the agreement, and it could still fall through, if things go as planned the official announcement could be made as early as next week. Follow Giuseppe on Twitter and Facebook. Tags: Apple, Beats, Dr. Dre Hide Comments   Show 1147 comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Club MacStoriesWeekly Extras MENU ABOUT CONTACT NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE SECTIONS APP REVIEWS LINKED STORIES iOS 10 WWDC 2016 AirPods: Ushering in a Wireless Future App Extensions Are Not a Replacement for User Automation 3D Touch for Power Users The Battle to Control Home Automation→ Linked By John Voorhees Reuters reports on the on-going battle among Apple, Amazon, and Google for control of the home automation market. The article focuses on the different approaches taken by Apple and Amazon, which are in stark contrast. Reuters explains what’s at stake for Amazon: The strategic importance of the "connected home" niche looms large: Amazon wants a way to own its customer interactions -mainly shopping online - without an Apple phone or a Google Web browser as an intermediary. In contrast to Apple’s relatively slow, security-conscious approach to HomeKit, Amazon has lowered the barrier to entry to Echo support, which has given it a lead over Apple in terms of the number of compatible devices, which may be hard to overtake. Yet, Amazon acknowledges that unlike Apple, it can't guarantee the security of third-party devices. A company spokeswoman did note that sensitive commands like unlocking doors have an extra layer of security such as a voice-controlled PIN. Still, it's not clear whether Apple's elaborate but slow-to-develop system will have enough advantages to overcome Amazon's widening lead. That’s precisely where things get interesting. Amazon’s strategy has captured device manufacturer support faster, but it’s a risky one. One well-publicized, mainstream security scare story could ruin Amazon’s home automation aspirations. At the same time, if that moment never occurs, the Echo’s lead could effectively bury HomeKit. Source: reuters.com Tags: HomeKit ABOUT CONTACT NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE Code by Alessandro Vendruscolo | Design by Silvia Gatta | Hosted by Macminicolo | Acknowledgements Copyright 2017 MacStories. All rights reserved. v4.3.5
Skip to main content The Straits Times Business Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone herworldPLUS Lianhe Wanbao My Paper Omy razor SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property STCars STClassifieds STJobs STProperty STOMP tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper ZaoBao Print Edition ePaper Money Briefs: UBS triples Q4 profit; savings on track PublishedJan 28, 2017, 5:00 am SGT More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Purchase Article Permalink: http://str.sg/4muh Copy UBS triples Q4 profit; savings on track ZURICH • UBS Group said yesterday profit more than tripled in the fourth quarter as rising interest rates and a rally in equities boosted the bank's securities unit and US wealth management. Profit before tax rose to 848 million Swiss francs (S$1.2 billion) from 234 million francs a year earlier, the Zurich-based bank said yesterday in a statement. UBS said it achieved 1.6 billion francs of net cost savings at year end and is on track to meet a savings target of 2.1 billion francs by the end of this year. BLOOMBERG Apple to join artificial intelligence research SAN FRANCISCO • Apple is set to join the Partnership on AI, an artificial intelligence research group that includes Amazon, Google, Facebook, IBM and Microsoft. Apple's admission into the group could be announced as soon as this week, say people familiar with the situation. While the introduction of the Siri virtual assistant in 2011 gave Apple an early presence in AI for consumers, it has since lost ground to rivals such as Google and Amazon. Researchers in the field like to publish their findings, something Apple frowned upon in the past. That approach began to change late last year with the hiring of Carnegie Mellon professor Russ Salakhutdinov and the publishing of its first public AI paper. BLOOMBERG Toshiba to hive off chip business TOKYO • Toshiba's board yesterday approved plans to make its core memory chip business a separate firm and seek outside investment in it. The drastic step will be one of many tough choices the Japanese conglomerate must make as the proceeds are set to cover just part of the charge for cost overruns at a newly acquired US power plant construction business - a figure that local media has put at 680 billion yen (S$8.4 billion). Toshiba's memory chip business accounts for the bulk of its operating profit. REUTERS A version of this article appeared in the print edition of The Straits Times on January 28, 2017, with the headline 'Money Briefs'. Print Edition | Subscribe Topics:  COMPANY BRIEFS BANKS AND FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4muh Copy BrandInsider Sponsored Content imda_a1-25298_2017jan23_300x200_st_native_ad.jpg Cornerstone of Market Research Firm's PDPA Compliance st_native_300x200.jpg Meet Audi's A Team at Singapore Motorshow arrival-300x200.jpg Arrival: Finally, an alien movie we can believe in Shopping #1 dryest diaper in the market from Korea! Buy now & get free gift! SK-II Pitera Set suitable for V'day gift! Get now while stocks last! Lowest price ever! Save $400 on Dyson V6 only for first 30 sets! Save $240 on OnePlus 3T! Limited to first 20 sets only!! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu THE THIRD WAY Seven years after its launch, it’s still not entirely clear what an iPad is for Written by Mike Murphy January 27, 2017 The future—in 2010. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez) Share Written by Mike Murphy January 27, 2017 In his customary mock-turtleneck and dad jeans, a gaunt Steve Jobs introduced the iPad to the world on this day in 2010. “All of us use laptops and smartphones now,” Jobs said. “And the question has arisen lately: Is there room for a third category of devices in the middle?” Obviously, Apple’s answer to this question was the iPad, but starting off the device’s journey with a question about its very existence seems to have been a bit of prolepsis around how successful it would be. “The bar is pretty high,” Jobs said. “In order to really create a category of new devices, those devices are going to have to be far better at doing some… really important things, better than the laptop, better than the smartphone.” The iPad has been a mixed bag, because in some ways, it has achieved what Jobs asked of it, but it also hasn’t really proven to be an enduring hit, unlike the iPhone. For a while, the iPad was Apple’s second-largest business line, after the iPhone. But considering that the iPhone has routinely generated between double and five times the revenue that the iPad has, it was very much a distant second. In recent quarters, the iPad has drifted into fourth place—in terms of revenue—behind Apple’s computer business and its burgeoning services business (including apps, cloud storage, music, games, and insurance). The Mac has started generating more revenue for Apple than the iPad: Even though Apple has pretty much consistently sold far fewer Macs than iPads since the tablet’s original launch. This can partly be explained by the fact that iPads have generally been cheaper than most Macs. Over time, the price of the iPad has fallen dramatically, as Apple has introduced smaller versions (the iPad Mini), whereas the cheapest new laptop Apple produced was always around $800, and the cheapest desktop around $500—although that didn’t include a monitor, keyboard, or mouse. (The recent spike in iPad prices can be attributed to the launch of the iPad Pro in 2015, originally a 12-inch, $800-plus machine that now comes in a more reasonable, and affordable, 9.7-inch size.) As much as Jobs hailed the iPad as the beginning of the “Post-PC” era, Mac sales have remained stubbornly consistent for Apple over the last seven years. In an interview with Recode’s Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher at the D8 Conference in 2010, Jobs said he saw computers like trucks—once the most commonplace vehicle on the road, but eventually outnumbered by more consumer-friendly vehicles such as cars. So, too, computers would be outnumbered by smartphones and tablets. Although we’re only seven years into this era, it does seem that the real winner has been the smartphone. Sales of tablets, overall, are shrinking. That may be, as Jobs suggested, because they don’t do much that other devices can’t do better. They’re great for casual web browsing, the occasional tweet or episode of The Young Pope, but for anything longer, you want something with more processing power, better inputs, and better screen resolution. Otherwise, you want something lighter and less cumbersome—smartphones are getting bigger (the iPhone at the time of the iPad’s launch had a 3.5-inch screen; the iPhone 7 Plus has a 5.5-inch screen), but they’re still far easier to carry around than a tablet, and generally do everything that a tablet can. Apple now is marketing its newer iPads as productivity tools, even as full-fledged computers. The company’s stylus, the Pencil, helps creative professionals design products or take notes on their iPads, and the new keyboard case means that you could theoretically write stories, scan spreadsheets, or create presentations from an iPad as you would a computer. But it’s still a lot easier to type on most desktop or laptop keyboards and use a mouse to interact with information than to use your finger or a stylus. The iPad seems stuck in the same existential quandary about what it actually is that it did when it was first released. While it’s not right to call time on the iPad yet, it’s worth considering where Apple should focus its energy. Right now, the overwhelming majority of its revenue—and profit—comes from the iPhone. But sales have started to shrink in recent quarters, and the designs are starting to feel monotonous, and the company’s recent efforts to diversify its revenue streams, such as the Apple Watch, have not exactly set the world alight. Apple is condensing its laptop line, and may well do the same to its desktops as well, and it’s possible that the company will reduce the number of iPad models from the five it currently sells. The iPad has always felt like an awkward middle ground between phones and laptops, especially in a time when we probably need fewer screens in our lives. And it’s not clear whether that will change any time soon. Most Popular Philosopher Slavoj Žižek settles the “Is it OK to punch a Nazi?” question once and for all Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search Post to Cancel
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Apple Design Tech Apple has filed a patent for some sort of vaporizer New, 27 comments Does Apple even vape? by Natt Garun@nattgarun Jan 27, 2017, 3:50pm EST share tweet Linkedin The US Patent and Trademark Office this week published a patent application by Apple that details a peculiar vaporizer technology. The document, filed last year, outlines plans for an apparatus that can regulate temperature to release heat from a substance within a canister. It’s also able to keep air out of the chamber of the substance being vaporized. That little nugget of information might lead you to think that Apple is building some sort of iVape, but we wouldn’t be quick to jump to that conclusion. The patent application doesn’t mention anything about what substance the device is designed to be used with, or whether it’s a standalone product intended for recreational use. The application doesn’t cite a human end user at all, frankly. vaporizer could mean a number of things So while an e-cigarette isn’t totally out of the question, a vaporizer could mean a number of things, including... an air freshener! What we do know is Apple is working on some kind of car technology, so this patent could well be part of that. Even Mercedes-Benz has looked into custom automotive scent for the car — perhaps an Apple smellorator is in the works. Or maybe it’s an effort to make all Apple stores smell the same, a la Abercrombie & Fitch. Recent technology has also made it possible to create interactive holograms using, you guessed it, vapor. There’s even a smartphone that you can smoke (and we’ve tried it). The point is, it will likely be a long time before we ever find out what Apple is pursuing with this patent — after all, the company also holds patents for a bunch of other wacky technology like a translucent phone, an iPad cover with a flexible display, and a paper bag. An iVape would be the most interesting outcome, but right now it’s just speculation season. Vaping a smartphone More From The Verge Samsung’s Note 7 apology was full, humble, and nerdy SpaceX won’t attempt a landing after its next launch Star Wars: Episode VIII will be titled The Last Jedi Hugo Barra is leaving Xiaomi Resident Evil 7 review: a bold and terrifying return to form Right-wing extremist Richard Spencer got punched, but it was memes that bruised his ego Now Trending Seven years later, we’re still asking the wrong questions about the iPad LG’s stunningly thin OLED TVs will start at $8,000 Apple has filed a patent for some sort of vaporizer This Article has a component height of 11. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest US & World Tech Facebook Zuckerberg to Trump: ‘Keep our doors open to refugees’ by Casey Newton@CaseyNewton Mark Zuckerberg pushed back on President Donald Trump’s immigration initiatives today, protesting his call for local law enforcement to enforce immigration laws and his produced reduction in the number of refugees. “Like many of you, I’m concerned... Science US & World Energy UK to leave European nuclear energy treaty when it Brexits by Rachel Becker Brexit could be a big setback for nuclear energy in the United Kingdom. When the UK officially leaves the European Union, it might also be leaving the agency that oversees nuclear safety in EU member states, called Euratom, the Financial Times r... New, 2 comments Circuit Breaker Tech Gadgets This device, called Yo, will show you live video of your sperm by Ashley Carman@ashleyrcarman A new at-home male fertility product called Yo could make testing semen way less awkward. Yo turns a user’s phone camera into a microscope that’s able to zoom in on a semen sample and determine how many sperm exist and are moving, aka the motile... New, 12 comments Circuit Breaker Tech LG LG’s stunningly thin OLED TVs will start at $8,000 by Micah Singleton@MicahSingleton The price you pay for thinness New, 5 comments Gaming Entertainment Tech The Founder is a surreal startup simulator that strikes at the heart of Silicon Valley by Nick Statt@nickstatt A dark and powerful take on The Sims New, 3 comments Science Space NASA NASA unveils tribute exhibit to honor the astronauts of the Apollo 1 tragedy by Loren Grush@lorengrush Today is a somber day for NASA. The space agency marks the 50th anniversary of the Apollo 1 disaster, which claimed the lives of three astronauts who were slated to test out technologies needed to eventually land on the Moon. During a launch... New, 2 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Skip to main content The Straits Times Asia Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia East Asia SE Asia South Asia Australia/NZ World Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone herworldPLUS Lianhe Wanbao My Paper Omy razor SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property STCars STClassifieds STJobs STProperty STOMP tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper ZaoBao Print Edition ePaper News analysis Trade war will hurt both US and China Goh Sui Noi China Bureau Chief In Beijing Published Jan 28, 2017, 5:00 am SGT More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Purchase Article Permalink: http://str.sg/4mLH Copy Chinese exports would be hit hard by raised tariffs, but Americans' pockets will suffer too Goh Sui Noi If Apple's iPhone has been used often as an example of what might happen in a trade war between China and the United States, it is for good reason. The iconic US company shows how President Donald Trump's proposed measures of raising tariffs against Chinese products and declaring China a currency manipulator might end up hurting both economic giants and others. All this, without quite achieving Mr Trump's objectives of bringing back manufacturing jobs to the US or balancing its trade with China. On the campaign trail, Mr Trump vowed to slap tariffs as high as 45 per cent on Chinese goods and accused China of manipulating its currency, the yuan. In his inauguration speech on Jan 20, he said: "Every decision on trade, on taxes, on immigration, on foreign affairs will be made to benefit American workers and American families. We must protect our borders from the ravages of other countries making our products, stealing our companies and destroying our jobs." This has sparked debate of a looming trade war between the US and China. Many products, including Apple's iPhone, that are exported from China to the US are assembled in China with components made in other economies, which would also be hurt if the US slaps tariffs on Chinese products. PHOTO: REUTERS And while even Chinese economists admit that China's economy will suffer if Mr Trump went ahead to slap tariffs on Chinese products and take other punitive trade measures against China, other economies are set to be hurt too. LOPSIDED TRADE AND INVESTMENT • In 2015, total two-way trade was US$598 billion (S$854 billion), with Chinese exports to the US amounting to US$482 billion and US exports to China totalling US$116 billion. • The US is China's largest export market, absorbing 18 per cent of China's total exports. • China is the US' third-largest export market, taking in 7.7 per cent of the US' total exports. • The US' trade deficit with China in 2015 was US$366 billion. • US firms have invested more than US$225 billion in China since 1990, while Chinese firms have invested US$65 billion in the US. SOURCES: OFFICE OF THE US TRADE REPRESENTATIVE, RHODIUM GROUP, STATISTA Goh Sui Noi This is because many products exported from China to the US are assembled in China with components made in other countries as part of an international supply chain. Take Apple's iPhone 6s, for instance. Strip it apart and one sees components made by companies from several economies: Its storage, camera and display come from Japanese companies Toshiba, Sony and Asahi; its RAM is from Korean company Samsung; the A9 processor is from Samsung and Taiwan's TSMC; its LTE modem and radio frequency receiver are by San Diego-based company Qualcomm; its Wifi module, battery and chassis are made by Chinese firms; and its rare earth minerals come from China and the US, according to Business Insider. As for China, its economy, already facing a slowdown and overcapacity, will be hurt further. In particular, the textile industry, already losing competitiveness to countries in the region because of increasing labour and other costs, will be hit hard, said economist Yuan Gangming of Tsinghua University. "Many textile companies have closed down or retrenched their workers," he noted, adding that there would be more bankruptcies and layoffs if a trade war were to occur. Other industries that would be hit are steel, which already faces overcapacity, and machinery, he added. The US imports machinery, clothing and consumer electronics from China, with a lot of it made by US companies which profit from them. However, despite likely retrenchments, Dr Yuan does not think there would be the kind of social unrest that occurred in the 1990s when China reformed its state-owned enterprises (SOEs), leading to massive layoffs. This is because the economic situation is much better now, he said. China's economy then was "relatively rigid" with most jobs in manufacturing and SOE factories. Now, its employability is much stronger while new jobs are being created mainly in the service sector, which has a lot of room for growth, said Dr Yuan. Services and consumption were the main drivers of growth last year, outstripping manufacturing in growth. Moreover, China's economy is less dependent on exports than before as it rebalances towards consumption, where there is also room for growth. Dr Yuan pointed out that data shows consumption (10.4 per cent) grew faster than investment (8.1 per cent) while exports shrank 7.7 per cent last year. The government would also use fiscal policies to stabilise the economy, said Dr Yuan, because stability is important to it. And it has deep enough pockets to do this with its foreign reserves. Despite falling in the last several months, reserves stood at US$3.05 trillion (S$4.35 trillion) last November. On the other hand, the US economy could be hurt by a trade war too. First, more expensive imports as a result of the tariffs would hurt Americans' pockets, particularly those in the low-income groups. Second, the Chinese are likely to hit back at any US action with their own punitive measures if only to dissuade Mr Trump from taking further, broader steps. And the Chinese can act as the two economies are interdependent: China owns more than US$1.5 trillion in US Treasury securities and other US assets, and is also the US' third-largest export market, and one that is expanding rapidly. "It is foolish to think that America holds all the cards in this bilateral economic relationship," wrote Yale University economist Stephen Roach recently. Indeed, the Communist Party-linked Global Times warned recently: "A batch of Boeing orders will be replaced by Airbus. US auto and iPhone sales in China will suffer a setback, and US soybean and maize imports will be halted." Apple has a big stake in China - not only is China where most of the company's iPhones are made, but it also accounted for US$46 billion of Apple's sales or 22 per cent of its total revenue in its latest fiscal year. Last year, Apple lost ground to local smartphone maker Huawei, with its share of devices sold in May dropping from 12 per cent the previous year to 10.8 per cent, against Huawei's 17.3 per cent. It has also faced greater regulatory constraints in recent months. The American Chamber of Commerce in China warned earlier this month that Beijing "is preparing to take steps in retaliation" against US restrictions on trade. The Trump administration's moves against China could hurt American firms with investments in China and the burgeoning American exports there. Yet, for all that trouble, Mr Trump may not see many manufacturing jobs returning to the US. In industries like textiles, where factories were lost decades ago to China, the jobs will simply move to countries where labour is less expensive, such as Bangladesh and Vietnam. In instances where reshoring occurs, there is likely to be high automation so that few additional Americans are hired, according to analysts. Foxconn, Apple's contract manufacturer in China, has said it could invest in a display screen plant in the US in a joint venture with Apple, to the tune of more than US$7 billion if there are substantial incentives from the government. This could create 30,000 to 50,000 new jobs. As for China, a trade war may push it to accelerate its economic reforms to go up the value chain. "There is no other choice than to move up the value chain," said Dr Yuan, as China cannot compete with other countries in the region at the lower end of manufacturing and the US is ahead of it in technology. The likes of Huawei will try to close their technology gap with US high-tech firms like Apple. While the impact of any trade war on China will be significant, it also presents the Asian economic powerhouse with opportunities to emerge stronger. A version of this article appeared in the print edition of The Straits Times on January 28, 2017, with the headline 'Trade war will hurt both US and China'. Print Edition | Subscribe Topics:  CHINA DONALD TRUMP TRADE More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4mLH Copy BrandInsider Sponsored Content imda_a1-25298_2017jan23_300x200_st_native_ad.jpg Cornerstone of Market Research Firm's PDPA Compliance st_native_300x200.jpg Meet Audi's A Team at Singapore Motorshow arrival-300x200.jpg Arrival: Finally, an alien movie we can believe in Shopping #1 dryest diaper in the market from Korea! Buy now & get free gift! SK-II Pitera Set suitable for V'day gift! Get now while stocks last! Lowest price ever! Save $400 on Dyson V6 only for first 30 sets! Save $240 on OnePlus 3T! Limited to first 20 sets only!! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
Please click here if you are not redirected within a few seconds. KitGuru The KitGuru System Home News Reviews Gaming Lifestyle Mobile Professional Forum Home / Lifestyle / Mobile / Apple / iPad 3 almost exactly the same shape as iPad 2 iPad 3 almost exactly the same shape as iPad 2 Jules January 30, 2012 Apple, iPad Ringing the Apple PR team and asking about future products is about as effective as using a Ouija board to ask Steve Jobs himself. It’s a pretty pointless exercise. Fortunately, KitGuru does not have to be a master of the tea leaves in order to update you on the iPad 3. Read on, true believer. A chain is as strong as its weakest link. In the case of Apple, its wall of silence is as effective as the weakest link in its supply chain. Because the hardware itself generates precious little profit for the poor buggers who sell it, the accessories market has grown out of all proportion. And, importantly for us, the accessories have to confirm to Apple’s physical characteristics. We’ve managed to make contact with a source close to one of the biggest Apple accessories manufacturers and, late Sunday night, discovered some interesting facts about the new iPad 3. The source started by revealing that the physical shape of the iPad 2 and 3 are almost identical. OK. Then we were told that the new one will have an improved screen technology, which our source hinted would be HD – but would not actually confirm. The iPad 3 will taper at the edges, but the centre of the device will be deeper than the iPad 3 – in order to allow for the updated screen. Then we learned something else, something that we had not asked about. “To be honest”, our source said. “It’s going to be much more like an iPad 2 Pro – rather than a completely new iPad 3”. When we asked about pure horsepower, the conversation went in a different direction. The increase in processing power we all expect in the iPad 3, may well not yield obvious results, we were told. The existing iPad 2 is, largely, single tasking and – as such – you can’t expect it to chunter along much quicker than it does. With Windows 8 likely to message heavily on the concept of multi-tasking, the additional power in the iPad 3 could well be used up just trying to swap tasks back and forth – adding some functionality, but not necessarily performance. The iPad 3 is unlikely to feature an edge-to-edge 'infinity pool' design KitGuru says: As a single chip solution, moving from 1280 to 1920 would increase the number of pixels that need processing by more than 50%, and that work will need to happen somewhere. We don’t expect existing iPad 2 covers etc to work with iPad 3, but it will be close. If the product hardly changes size/shape in 3 generations, then it just goes to prove that Apple nailed the form factor when the original launched 2 years ago. Clever buggers. Comment below or in the KitGuru forums. Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Pinterest Tags 1920x1080 Apple hd on ipad ipad ipad 3 ipad 3 launch ipad 3 same size as ipad 2 ipad new latest ipad rumours New news Previous NVIDIAs Kepler making its way to Ultrabooks? Next Megaupload users may start losing data Check Also Apple’s Find My AirPods feature could save you $69 Back when the AirPods first launched, one of the many questions people had was ‘what … iphone accessories While the rumors are most likely true and the iPad 3 will most likely be more of a slight improvement to the iPad2, I am hoping it is not. I have been waiting for the new and improved display that was promised for the iPad2 and was disappointed. I was hoping it would come with the iPad3 but it does not look like it is here with it either. Don’t get me wrong, I love my iPad and I could not imagine life with out it. But with the release of the iPhone 4S, I was expecting BIG things with the iPad3. Polls Which system memory next? Corsair Crucial G.Skill Geil HyperX Patriot Samsung Other View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive KitGuru Facebook Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 © Copyright 2017, Kitguru.net All Rights Reserved
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish iPhone 7 Review By Hubert Nguyen on 01/27/2017 12:45 PST The iPhone celebrates its 10th year in 2017, and there’s no question that it is a huge force in the smartphone market. It is also more than half of Apple’s business, and as Apple’s flagship product, it competes at the highest level against a very strong Android competition. If you read this review, you are probably weighing if you should buy an iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus and assuming that your budget allows, your options may fall into one of those three: Should I upgrade from my current iPhone? Should I pick the iPhone 7 or 7 Plus? Should I pick this iPhone or an Android competitor? There are other situations, but we’ll answer these common questions directly, and the review should help you make a decision even if your situation is a bit more complex. In this review, we’ll use the iPhone 7 Plus because it is a superset of the iPhone 7, but we will point out the differences (battery capacity, screen size+resolution, camera capabilities). Industrial Design (good, classic) The iPhone 7 Plus with the dual-camera in the back The iPhone 7 keeps the general “design language” of the iPhone 6/6s and its predecessor. Although there are differences, the proportions and shape are extremely similar, and if you put it in a case, this generation is hard to tell apart from the previous ones, unless you look closely. Apple has improved antenna gaps design, making them less obvious. The iPhone 7 has a continuous metal surface in the back, and the antenna gaps are only visible from the sides. That, and the larger camera bump (for a good reason) are the most visible changes. As usual, Apple doesn’t have any branding on the front, which is nice (this is the first design feature that every OEM should go for). In the back, the Apple logo is low-key, and these choices have contributed to the agreeable visual appearance of iPhones. New Home button The home button is no longer a button that you press, but a capacitive button which is capable of sending a tactile feedback like a buzz, thanks to a Taptic Engine. This taptic feedback can emit different kinds of “buzzes” depending on the context. For example, calls may get a different buzz “rhythm” than emails. App developers could also create their buzz patterns. The new Home button is pressure-sensitive so different levels of pressure may induce different actions/responses. The taptic feedback resembles nothing like the press of a button. Instead, it feels like the phone simply emits an ultra-short “buzz”. If your fingerprint isn’t recognized, a longer buzz happens: I feel like the phone is micro-vibrating up and down with that one. Weird, but OK. Some people are annoyed by the new button design, but I don’t mind it much. I don’t think that it makes life better, but saying that it makes life much worse is exaggerated. However, if the taptic is “the” justification to remove the 3.5mm audio connector, then I’m not convinced by the logic or the added-value. No 3.5 mm audio “jack” connector The iPhone is the first major smartphone to get rid of the 3.5mm audio connector. The good news is that an adapter is included in the box ($9 if you need to buy another). The bad news is that you need an “Apple Lightning-to-3.5mm” adapter, and sometimes you won’t have it on hand because people just don’t walk around with their dongles all the time. Many will be lost as well. By itself, the adapter is OK, and there’s an argument to say that 3.5mm had been around for a long time, and could/should be replaced by a new interface. However, it’s not something people “asked for” (what’s the immediate benefit?). Many hate it; few love it — just vote with your wallet… It is what is it, and the rumor is that more (Android) OEMs will drop the audio connector. We’ll know next month if that’s true or not. Since the Lighting port is now used to connect headphones, you cannot charge your phone while connecting wired headphones via the adapter. For that, you need another adapter which has a second charging port. Apple proposes a Belkin audio+charge adapter for… $40 (ouch). Water resistance: IP67 For the first time, the iPhone gets a water-resistance rating of IP67, which means that a device is dust tight: no dust can penetrate. It can also withstand up to 1-meter (~1 yard) immersion for a limited duration without harm the device (tested for 30mn). Learn more about IP Ratings. Although some phones have a slightly superior IP68 rating, we consider that IP67 is a very good start, and should contribute to significantly avoid situations where the phone will “die” due to water exposure. The main difference between IP67 and IP68 is that IP68 phones can support underwater pressure at a depth of 3 meters (~3 yards). Note that although not IP rated, some iPhone 6s have been seen surviving in water. Without the IP rating, the survivability cannot be trusted to be considered consistent, but it’s a good sign that a design may have “partial” water resistance. Older iPhones had water sensors that once tripped would “kill” the phone immediately and definitively (probably to avoid short circuits and burns). It was not uncommon that people would kill their phones by sweating on them during a heavy workout, or after splashing a bit of water at the wrong place. When it comes to real-world water survivability, there is a grey zone, and things are never black and white. Keep in mind that most phones rated for IP67 or IP68 water resistance do not have warranty coverage for water damage… so I recommend thinking of the water resistance as the last line of defense. Jet Black Edition: beautiful, but needs care The iPhone 7 is optionally available in “Jet Black”, a beautiful polished ceramic finish. It is expensive, but I love the finish and its intense black color. Apple isn’t the first company to do this, and others such as OnePlus have also successfully produced ceramic finish surfaces. Price aside, this works better for people who take great care of their phones. This kind of ceramic isn’t as hard as glass. When the highly polished surface gets those little scratches, it becomes duller. Apple recommends using a case to protect the ceramic, but one has to wonder what the point is in having this beautiful surface, just to put a case on top of it, even a clear one. “The high-gloss finish of the jet black iPhone 7 is achieved through a precision nine-step anodization and polishing process. Its surface is equally as hard as other anodized Apple products; however, its high shine may show fine micro-abrasions with use” (Apple) Some people have reported that the finish is holding fine, while others have reported micro-scratches, just as Apple warn. At the moment, there isn’t hard data to go by, but we encourage being cautious. Design conclusion The iPhone’s design is quite good, but it’s hard to be “wowed” by its novelty. The iPhone 7 looks like the iPhone 6S, which looks like the iPhone 6. There are some aesthetic improvements, but it feels the same and doesn’t improve things like Display-to-Body ratio or bezel size. Maybe a sign of the times is that many phone OEMs are now copying Samsung’s Galaxy S6/S7 Edge design by going with curved edges and dual-sided glass over a thin layer of colored metal. If imitation is the sincerest form of flattery, Apple has lost its leadership position. Camera (very good) Quick Specs 12 Megapixel main camera, f1.8 aperture 12 Megapixel 2X zoom secondary camera (iPhone 7 Plus only), f2.8 aperture Optical Image Stabilization (OIS) New on iPhone 7, already present in iPhone 6S Plus Quad LED flash Opinon: What’s a Great Mobile Camera Experience? From a technical standpoint, there are a few things to highlight with the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. First, the iPhone 7 (the small one) gets Optical Image Stabilization (OIS), which is critical for low-light situations. Secondly, the larger iPhone 7 Plus has a second camera in the back, which has a higher focal length (native 2X zoom/telephoto). Learn more: What is Image Stabilization? In broad daylight, most high-end phones are doing very well, and although there are differences at times, users are usually happy with the photos. In this shot of a San Francisco office entry, both images are great, with the S7 Edge being a bit more saturated and contrasted. Those differences are often an aesthetic choice in Photo Image Quality (IQ) tuning rather than a technical problem. iPhone 7 Plus: f1.8, 1/272 exposure, ISO-20, 28mm focal, 2.25MB (4032×3024) S7 Edge: f1.7, 1/315 exposure, ISO-50, 26mm focal, 3.37MB (4032×3024) With high-contrast daylight photos, things get more difficult. This tree photo shows how both cameras handle HDR, to compensate for the difference in contrast between the bright sky behind the tree (the sun on the upper-left of the tree is stronger than you would think). *I noticed that the S7 Edge tends to save much larger files, possibly due to a lower JPG compression setting. This is a challenging shot for any camera. Many would lose a lot of details in the leaves, but in this photo, the iPhone captures the leaves details. You can see that the S7 Edge captures a much more colorful and contrasted image. I didn’t have the Google Pixel with me then, but the Pixel would probably output a photo similar to the S7. Also, the photo of the iPhone 7 feels a bit “hazy”. I found the crisp photo of the S7 to be more representative of the scene (minus the slightly more saturated colors, maybe). In this particular shot, a ranking would look like: Galaxy S7 iPhone 7 Plus Huawei P9 (a bit dark) Huawei Mate 9 (too hazy) iPhone 7 Plus: f1.8, 1/1520 exposure, ISO-20, 28mm focal, 1.90MB (4032×3024) S7 Edge: f1.7, 1/1836 exposure, ISO-50, 26mm focal, 2.94MB (4032×3024) Low-light photography Low light photography takes everything to the extreme and represents the most challenging situation for imaging systems. I’ll post a few examples here, but maybe this photo of a school is a good representation of the iPhone 7/7Plus vs. Galaxy S7 experience. The Google Pixel is close to the S7, although with some variations of its own. iPhone 7 Plus: f1.8, 1/15 exposure, ISO-400, 28mm focal, 2.18MB (4032×3024) S7 Edge: f1.7, 1/10 exposure, ISO-640, 26mm focal, 3.72MB (4032×3024) This is a school which has a very colorful mural, and it was interesting to take a photo at night (with the floodlights) to see how this would come out. As you can observe, the iPhone 7 photo does well, and an iPhone 6S would have been in a more precarious situation here. At first glance, the Galaxy S7 has more vivid colors and seems to have sharper edges and details. Also, you may notice that the Galaxy S7 exhibits more noise because it uses a higher ISO setting for that shot. The sharpening would make the noise even more visible. The image above is a crop of the first two photos so you can see better what’s going on. Again, it’s pretty obvious the that the S7 has more saturated and defined colors, but you can also see that the details are better while the higher contrast doesn’t suppress any significant detail. Interestingly, the Galaxy S7 manages to get a sharper photo, despite having an exposure time that is significantly longer. The OIS, but also the image alignment algorithm and sharpener are responsible for this. Secondary camera: iPhone 7 Plus only The secondary iPhone 7 Plus camera has a different focal length which makes it a 2X optical zoom relative the regular camera, which Apple calls “wide lens”. In this review, I’ll refer to the cameras as “main camera” (normal zoom) and “zoom camera” (2X zoom). The “normal zoom” camera isn’t really “wide”. It has a focal length similar to the previous iPhone and comparable to most normal smartphone cameras. If you want to see a real “wide” camera, check the LG G5 or LG V20 which both feature a uniquely wide camera. The iPhone 7 user can zoom normally, and the Camera app will use either or both lens data to take a good photo. Because both cameras have very different low-light capabilities, Apple seems to fall back on the normal camera if the low light conditions are severe, even if you are trying to zoom (it will do a normal crop). In low-light situations, the zoom camera isn’t good enough, so the Camera app will opt to shoot with the normal camera, and just crop the image. In broad daylight, and with high zoom settings 5X-10X, the iPhone’s zoom does make a visible difference, although don’t expect miracles: the image is still a bit fuzzy, but not as much. Is the telephoto lens really useful? It depends on YOUR usage Usually, when you zoom, it’s because you cannot get closer to the subject. You may be at the zoo, at a conference or at a concert. The general rule is: don’t use the zoom anytime you can get a bit closer. Also, the zoom camera is likely not to be utilized by the Camera app if the lighting conditions are too severe. Now, it’s true that the higher the zoom, and the more the iPhone should shine. That’s because as other phones have to magnify (up-sample) and filter an image, the more it should look fuzzy. Obviously. For example, I shot a photo of a scooter that was parked across a street. You can see that the iPhone 7 Plus photo is clearly better, with more details, even though the color-balance of the S7 Edge is a bit closer to the actual scene in this example. Convinced? My opinion of the iPhone 7 zoom lens is that it is not as useful as a “real” wide lens such as the LG V20’s. With the V20, there are many shots that I could simply not take with a regular phone. With the iPhone 7 Plus zoom, I can take the same shot with a regular phone, but the i7+ quality is a bit better. I wish that Apple had chosen to use an actual wide lens. In an ideal world, I’d love to have all three lenses, but the telephoto would not be my first choice. You may have a different usage model, so it’s up to you to decide. Bokeh effect (background blur) The second thing that the secondary lens brings is the ability to take photos with great background blurs. This is an effect called “Bokeh” (which means Blur in Japanese) and which is created by a combination of large lens surface and large aperture size (lower f-stop). The mobile phone lenses are too small for this phenomenon to happen optically but there are ways to produce a similar effect in software. "THE IPHONE 7 PLUS BOKEH IS BEAUTIFUL"The idea is: the farther you go away from the point of focus (in the depth axis), the blurrier things should get (more or less). The blurry area is called the Circle of Confusion and how blurry each pixel is can be calculated by looking at how far the pixel is from the camera. This distance can be computed from two photos taken with a slightly different position – that’s how Huawei did it on the Huawei P9 phone. The Bokeh effect isn’t identical to an optical Bokeh, but it works reasonably well. In this picture, both phones have created their bokeh effect instantaneously (no wait time). In my opinion, the iPhone 7 Plus bokeh is beautiful. However, there is a weird blur-bleeding (halo/fuzz) around the shoulders and head that should not be there. I have seen this kind of halo several times with the iPhone 7 Plus. How noticeable it is, depends on the scene. Most of the time, you only see it if you pay attention. Other times, it’s much more evident. The single-lens S7 Edge has cleaner edges around the subject, but a distinctly lower quality blur (The S7 photos is darker because the white balance was different, due to a larger coverage of the scene, sorry). I took a picture with a Sony NEX 6000 to show what kind of blur one gets with a compact cam. Notice the absence of “blur bleeding” around the subject. It’s not the best camera for bokeh, but it gets the point across. For single-lens phones, it is possible to produce beautiful bokeh photos using dedicated camera apps which do it by a software process that involves taking two pictures. Google’s version called Lens Blur is the best that I know of, but it’s much slower (~15-20 seconds of processing per photo) and not convenient for frequent use. It’s OK for a once in a while Bokeh shot. iPhone users have apps like Portrait Blur (app store link) and others. With dual-lenses cameras, it’s almost instantaneous. Overall camera experience: very good. Overall, the Camera experience of the iPhone is superb. The camera mostly does what the user would expect, and the white balance and color tuning are great. Obviously, it’s the best iPhone camera (especially the iPhone 7 Plus), but those who are willing to switch have great options. The Galaxy S7 still has better AF, low-light capabilities and display. The Google Pixel also has a better image quality, HDR, and video recording. The LG V20 has a unique wide-angle mode, which makes it a very particular camera. From an Apple user point of view, the iPhone 7/7+ camera is an exciting step up from the iPhone 6s. If budget is of no concern, you will be reasonably happy with the camera upgrade. Budget conscious 6s users may want to think twice before spending their money. iPhone 6 users who upgrade will get a good return for their money. Display: excellent The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus display have the same diagonal size and resolution as their iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus predecessors. Nothing new here. Relative to the Galaxy phones, here’s a quick list of display specs: iPhone 7: LCD IPS, 1334×750 (~1M pixels), 65.6% Screen/body ratio, 326 PPI iPhone 7+: LCD IPS, 1920×1080 (~2.073M pixels), 67.7% screen/body ratio, 401 PPI Galaxy S7: AMOLED, 2560×1440 (~3.686M pixels), 72.1% screen/body ratio, 576 PPI) Galaxy S7e: AMOLED, 2560×1440 (~3.686M pixels), 75.1% screen/body ratio, 576 PPI) Learn more: What is PPI? Learn more: High PPI displays: do you really need them? As you can see, the technical display specifications of the iPhone 7/7+ displays are very decent, but not particularly impressive. That said, the numbers themselves don’t completely do justice to the iPhone 7 screen. All LCD displays aren’t equal, and the iPhone 7 series has an upgraded LCD panel from the iPhone 6/6s. Its performance is derived from technologies used in the iPad Pro 9.7 with the support of two color gamuts, including the DCI-P3, which is 26% wider and used as the standard for 4K content. In short: colors are great. We measured brightness at 579 NITs on the iPhone 7 Plus panel, which is very bright for a smartphone (means that you can easily use it outdoors on a sunny day). For example, the Google Pixel XL hits (only) 343 NITs, and the Galaxy S7 Edge can output 558 NITs. Arguably, an LCD display can never have true blacks, and OLED technology still has some advantages, including flexibility, low-power potential, and even higher peak brightness. This is why Apple is likely to switch to OLED for the iPhone 8. Learn more: LCD vs. OLED. Which is Best And Why? Battery We often say that the best indicator for battery life is the battery capacity, within a given platform. Notice the “within a given platform”. Why? Because each OS (platform) might have significant power consumption profiles. Apple has always been a bit more friendly to lower capacity batteries, and it’s fair to say that they have done quite well with ridiculously small batteries in the past. The iPhone 7 has a 1960 mAh capacity, while the iPhone 7 Plus has a capacity of 2900 mAh. If you are not familiar with this metric, read our What is mAh article on the subject. As we mentioned in the Display section, the iPhone can have 3.6X fewer pixels as select Android competitors, and when Apple finally match Android phones for resolution+screen size, Apple will have to increase the battery size too. If you are looking at an Android phone with an FHD LCD display and a comparable size+brightness, then a direct comparison between capacity (in mAh) makes more sense. I would rather see Apple spend more on the battery size, and less on the main processor. Apple says that the iPhone 7 can last for “up to 2 hours more than the 6s”, but looking at the official site (i7, i6s), both have an estimated Talk Time of 14 hrs, both have an estimated stand-by time of 10 days. However, the “Internet browsing” is the item that has an estimated two additional hours on the iPhone 7. I’ll take it, but if that’s from browser optimization, it’s not the same as if it was from overall system optimizations. Software The iPhone currently runs on iOS 10.2, and in general Apple does an excellent job at upgrading the OS for most users. Hats-off to that. If you have an iPhone that is a few years old, you should still get timely updates with new features. This is one of the things where Apple does much better than Android (except for Google phones). If your phone is older than that, you might start having performance issues as the OS get bigger, and some apps will only work with the most recent OS, so skipping updates can only work for so long, and Apple and app developers make it quite hard not to upgrade since many important apps do require the latest OS version. Older phones going back to the iPhone 5 can receive the iOS 10 updrade, so the OS in itself isn’t a reason to buy the iPhone 7. You can read up on the ten most important features of iOS 10, but I would point out to: The faster camera launch by sliding to the left The QuickType keyboard that suggests adding contextual information to conversations The improved photo sorting, thanks for facial recognition and geo-localization The opening of Voice Calls to 3rd party services such as chat/voice apps System performance (best in class) The Apple A10 SoC is at the heart of the iPhone. This processor is the main unit controlling everything, and inside it, are a collection of sub units including ISPs (image processors), GPU (graphics processor) and a low-power sub-processor called M10. The A10 is a quad-core chip, where the A9 was a dual-core chip, but not all four cores are the same. The A10 has two cores dedicated to high-performance, and two to low-power efficiency (⅕ the power of the high-performance cores). Typically, users need high-performance 20% of the time, but they need as much as they can. 80% of the time, the phone is doing background tasks and should be optimized for low power. "AMAZING SINGLE CORE PERFORMANCE"Most mobile chip vendors use such a technique which is based or inspired by ARM’s big.LITTLE architecture which lets the OS transfer tasks to either set of processors — interestingly the transfer has a power cost, but overall there should be a net gain if done properly. Apparently, Apple never uses all four cores at the same time. Opinion: Are benchmarks relevant? What do they mean? The A10 is also known for its amazing peak single core performance. Single-core performance is crucial because 100% of apps use at least one core. Apps can easily be optimized for 2 cores and keep in mind that the OS and background services also run in the background, so using a few cores is common. It’s hard to find mobile apps that genuinely use 6-8 cores. Learn more: Are more CPU cores always better? iPhones usually offer a smooth user experience, an area where Android has a bad reputation, even if things got a lot better since. Interestingly, while I’m quite sensitive to UI smoothness and 60FPS user experience, many people aren’t. That said, the “smooth experience” also depends on how many apps you have. For exemple, we still have an iPhone 6 at the office, and while it used to be super-smooth when we first reviewed it, adding a lot of apps (and never removing them) has put some strain on the user experience. Apple has remained somewhat mysterious of the GPU configuration of the iPhone 7. Officially, the A10 has 50% more graphics performance as the A9, and it may very well be that Apple has purchased a PowerVR GT7600 cluster with 50% more graphics cores. Since Apple doesn’t mind paying for chip die size, this is a realistic possibility. In any case, this thing is fast. Conclusion: very good The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are very good phones even if their design isn’t something to brag about. As long as you like and it and feel good using one, it’s fine. They are a bit different in the sense that they don’t compete directly with the rest of the (Android) market for buyers who are already “locked-in” (or just “happy”) in the Apple ecosystem. Now we can reach a conclusion to the initial questions: 1/ Should I upgrade from my current iPhone? If you have an iPhone 6 or older, the iPhone 7 is a good upgrade. If you have an iPhone 6s, it’s not clear-cut, and the “bang for your buck” is not as great. I wouldn’t upgrade it if you ask me, especially since Apple is set to make a huge redesign with the iPhone 8 (read the iPhone 8 news). 2/ Should I choose the iPhone 7 or 7 Plus? When it comes to choosing between the two new iPhones, choose by the size, pick the one that feels better in your hand (and pocket?). It’s nice to have a large battery, but I would argue that if you like the smaller iPhone better, then that should be a priority. Thanks to rapid-charging, there are ways to mitigate the battery-life challenges. You will have to decide which has the higher priority. The iPhone 7 Plus also has a secondary camera which is capable of a 2X zoom without quality loss. If you tend to zoom a lot, then it might be a something to take into consideration. I dont zoom much, so I would not want to pay extra for it. As for the “bokeh” effect, I believe that people will use it rarely because it’s a “special mode” (Portrait Mode) and not something that is automatically turned on at the most appropriate moment. 3/ iPhone 7 or Android competitor? In general, the choice between iPhone or Android should never be imposed by “specs” or specific technical features, unless you are very familiar with both platforms.You have to make sure that you have all the apps you like, and that the general experience is satisfactory to YOU. If you are happy with one platform, it’s understandably convenient to stick to it. The OS is the most important choice for any phone or computer purchase. OS aside, and from a hardware perspective, the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have a single distinct advantage: the faster peak performance. The thing is: it’s not *that* visible during regular usage unless you play video games often. The iPhone 7/7 Plus camera isn’t “the best” even if it is very good. The Galaxy S7 and Pixel are superior in image quality, and the LG V20 is in a category of its own. Finally, if you are still on the fence between Android and iPhone, wait until the LG G6 (check the LG G6 news), and the Galaxy S8 (check the Galaxy S8 news) have been announced, because the rumors do look fascinating. Overall product rating: 9/10 Filed in Apple >Cellphones >Reviews. Read more about Editorspick, iPhone, iphone 7, iphone 7 plus, smartphone reviews and Smartphones. Key Specs iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 7 Status Released Released Display Diagonal 5.5" (13.97 cm) 4.7" (11.94 cm) Processor/Soc Name A10 Fusion A10 Street Price (Approx) ~ $830 Search low iPhone 7 Plus price (Amazon) ~ $645 Search low iPhone 7 price (Amazon) Max. Total Storage Capacity 256 GB 256 GB Megapixels 12 Megapixel 12 Megapixel Battery Capacity (mAh) 2900 mAh 1960 mAh Complete product data Apple iPhone 7 Plus Full specs and details Apple iPhone 7 Full specs and details Related Articles 2017-01-26 Apple Sets iPhone Sales Record In India 2017-01-24 Gamevice Launches New Gaming Controllers For iOS Devices 2017-01-24 'Enhanced Siri' Functionality Expected In Next-Gen iPhones 2017-01-23 iPhone 8 Concept Shows What Could Be Possible 2017-01-23 Apple Expected To Adopt New 3D Touch Tech For The iPhone 8 2016-10-20 Jet Black iPhone 7 Plus Will Only Be Shipping In December 2016-10-13 Olloclip Launches Lens Attachments For The iPhone 7/7Plus 2016-10-13 SIM-Free iPhone 7 & 7 Plus Are Now Available For Purchase 2016-09-29 iPhone 7 & 7 Plus Reportedly Encountering Bluetooth Issues Your Netflix Binge Watching Isn’t Doing The Environment Any Favors Hasbro Is Letting You Vote For Monopoly’s New Tokens Online Nintendo Hid A Message For Hackers In The NES Classic Final Fantasy XV Glitch Exposes Unexplored, Unused Areas In The Game User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Home Budget 2017MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMF TechJobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWSpeedET Portfolio Tech Hardware Software Internet ITeS Do Big Stories ET Home›Tech›Hardware 04:05 PM | 27 Janmarket stats SENSEX 27,882174.32 NIFTY 50 8,64138.50 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,363-22.00 USD/INR 68.03-0.05 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Sensex rallies 174 points, Nifty50 tops 8,640; ICICI Bank top gainer Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW What's so special about Apple? Other handset makers ask government By Gulveen Aulakh, ET Bureau | Updated: Jan 28, 2017, 10.29 AM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » Volkswagen | Vivo | Tata Motors | Tarun Pathak | samsung huawei oppo | Samsung | Product Issues In order to improve value addition levels, which are at a mere 6% at present, the quantum of addition and the proportion of benefits should be defined. RELATED COMPANIES EXPAND ADD TO Portfolio Watchlist OUTLOOK? +ve -ve Vivo x Loading data... ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz Close ✕ Tata Motors x Loading data... ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz Close ✕ Budget 2017: This Budget could be the toughest test of Modi's life. Read about it in our Budget 2017 coverage NEW DELHI: Global mobile phone makers operating in India have demanded that companies such as Samsung, Huawei and Vivo that have invested top dollars in local manufacturing should get similar incentives and parity on policy, which may be given to Apple, so that a level-playing field is created for all. “To ensure a level-playing field, incentives should be extended to all brands offering similar value proposition, not only to a specific brand,” said Vikas Agarwal, general manager, OnePlus India. Huawei, the world’s third largest smartphone maker, said equal benefits would lead to healthy competition and motivate brands to invest in India. P Sanjeev, Huawei consumer business’ vice-president for sales, said: "Should the government extend benefits to any brand, those benefits should be brought under a policy umbrella and extended to all other manufacturers." The government is considering a set of demands put forward by Cupertino-based Apple Inc before beginning to manufacture its phones in India. The local phone-making industry has also been against Apple’s demands to import refurbished phones. Analysts note that top smartphone makers such as Samsung, Huawei, Oppo and Vivo already have local manufacturing in India without preconditions. They say market leader Samsung already locally manufactures over 90% of its devices in India, while Huawei has been investing in India for more than a decade. “If the government is open to giving concessions or incentives to Apple, on the scale that they’re being demanded, then the same should be given to other players,” Jaipal Singh, senior analyst at International Data Corporation (IDC) India, said, adding, “The likes of Huawei, Oppo and Vivo have similar scale as Apple.” Tarun Pathak, senior analyst at Counterpoint Research, said India needs Apple as much as it needs India. Despite having a toehold in the Indian market by volumes – 2.5 million iPhones sold in 2016 – CEO Tim Cook considers the South Asian nation an important market, amid slowing sales in developed nations. According to sector experts, concessions to any mobile phone maker should be given not just for assembling devices locally but also value addition done within the country, which, at present, is not even one-tenth of local production. Pathak said India imports iPhones worth Rs 1.8 billion, which needs to be reduced by making those phones locally. He also pointed out that concessions the government may grant should be dependent on the value addition the company does locally. "The concessions should not be for pure assembly; if Apple only assembles phones here, the value addition will be very less as components will still be imported,” he added. In order to improve value addition levels, which are at a mere 6% at present, the quantum of addition and the proportion of benefits should be defined. According to an IIM Bangalore-Counterpoint study, contribution of locally sourced components and sub-components is just 6% to the total value of components going into a phone. It is estimated that true local value addition will be around $650 million of total $11.6 billion of total value of phones sold in 2016, keeping the value addition share stagnant. “Given the right policy framework, this may also pave way for downstream investment in component-level manufacturing and kick-start export of goods,” OnePlus’ Agarwal added, underlining the importance of policy parity to make India a global manufacturing hub, which may otherwise take several more years. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! DON'T MISSany stories, follow ET Tech on TwitterFollow FROM AROUND THE WEB Toyota - Less browsing, more dancing Toyota 10 people most affected by Modi’s anti-black money campaign CRITICSUNION Save this IIT aspirant from Kidney Failure! Milaap MORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Cisco to buy AppDynamics for $3.7 billion in growth push Is Ivanka Trump Jewish? In Israel, she has a trump card Australian Open: Roger Federer still the swiss king READ MORE ON » Volkswagen | Vivo | Tata Motors | Tarun Pathak | samsung huawei oppo | Samsung | Product Issues To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Jio may just dislodge Airtel off the top perch in India's $26-bn telecom market After Centre, Apple may also have to cross states' hurdles to set up plant in India Budget 2017: Key expectations of the Information Technology sector Mphasis appoints former Syntel head Nitin Rakesh as CEO replacing Ganesh Ayyar Infosys 'releases' 9,000 employees due to automation More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebUnion Budget|Income Tax calculator Income Tax Slabs|Budget 2017 UP & Punjab Assembly Elections 2017|BUDGET 2017-What's Cheaper & Expensive Sensex, Nifty Live Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Skip to main content iMore Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 6s iPhone 6s Plus MacBook Pro Apple Watch Series 2 iOS 10 macOS Sierra iPad Pro (12.9-inch) iPad Pro (9.7-inch) Shop HOT ACCESSORY DEAL$ Digital Offers Best sellers New releases Cases and covers Chargers and cables Battery packs Screen Protectors iPhone iPad Watch TV Mac How to Live Help Reviews The Best Best iPhone apps Best iPad apps Best Mac apps Deals Today's Trending Tech Deals Digital Offers Apps Games Log in or Sign up Fewer ads and it's free! Forums iPhone iPad Mac Apps Games Features Reviews Virtual Reality Help & How To Question & Answer Contests Shop now! Podcasts Contact iMore About iMore Android Central Connectedly CrackBerry iMore Windows Central Tesla Central VR Heads MrMobile The Pixel Project Comic: The Four Screens of the iPocalypse Dinner is... on an iPad iPad... plates? Meet your new iPad Just get a new iPad? Here's what you need to do next! Switch to iPad Ditching Surface for iPad? Here's what you need to know! Back to work Apple and Deloitte to bolster iOS adoption in enterprise < > Pokemon Go iOS 10 macOS Sierra watchOS tvOS iPad Pro iPhone 7 Buyers guide Pre-order: Nintendo Switch Order: AirPods | MacBook Pro | Order iPhone 7: Apple | Verizon | T-Mobile History of iPad (2010) Happy 7th anniversary iPad! By Rene Ritchie Friday, Jan 27, 2017 at 10:30 am EST 6 Comments Not just a big iPhone but an iPhone gone IMAX, the original iPad was a big, approachable window to apps and the web and exactly the table the mainstream had been waiting for. On January 27, 2010, Steve Jobs took the stage at an Apple special event to give what was one of the most important keynotes of his life and, once again, in the history of consumer electronics. The Mac had been introduced decades before, the iPhone only a few years, yet on that stage, at that event, Jobs would make the case that there was room for a new category of device in between the two. A new category of device that, in order to exist, had to be not only better at certain key tasks, but significantly better at them.. It had to be the iPad. During the keynote, Jobs called Apple a "mobile devices" company, trumpeting not only the iPod and iPhone, but MacBooks as well. He claimed that, by revenue, Apple was the largest mobile device company in the world, bigger than Nokia, Samsung, and Sony. Lectured for years by know-nothing analysts who insisted Apple simply had to make a netbook — because the MacBook Air introduced two years earlier didn't count — Jobs took the opportunity to say netbooks were simply cheap laptops, with slow processors, low-quality displays, and "clunky" old PC-software, that weren't better at anything. Then Jobs introduced Apple's larger, 9.7-inch multitouch tablet. Apple: iPad is our most advanced technology in a magical and revolutionary device at an unbelievable price. iPad creates and defines an entirely new category of devices that will connect users with their apps and content in a much more intimate, intuitive and fun way than ever before. Advanced technology at an unbelievable price The iPad project began at Apple even before the iPhone, but at some point the phone became a more important goal for 2007. The iPad was put on the shelf, and the iPhone shipped, changing the phone industry forever. By 2010, however, Apple was ready to launch their new tablet, something Steve Jobs reportedly said was the most important product of his life — a life filled with transformative products. The original iPad, code named K48 and model number iPad1,1, had a 9.7-inch screen at 1024x768 and 132ppi, both for the Wi-Fi only model, and the Wi-Fi + 3G HSPA versions. It also packed in 802.11n Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 2.1 + EDR, aGPS, and... absolutely no camera. Importantly, the iPad included Apple's first branded processor, the Apple A4. It combined a 800MHz ARM Cortex A8 and a PowerVR SGX535 graphics processor, along with a rather anemic 256MB of RAM. The original iPad came with 16, 32, and 64GB storage options, and a 25 watt hour that let it run for an impressive 10 hours. Like all iOS — and iPod — devices of its time, the original iPad could connect to a Mac or Windows PC, and charge, via the traditional 30-pin Dock connector. And it came in whatever color you wanted, as long as you wanted black. Like the iPhones of its generation, the original iPad also included ambient light sensor to adjust brightness, an accelerometer to determine orientation, and manometer (digital compass) to determine direction and rotation around gravity. Also like the iPhones of its generation, the original iPhone did not include support for CDMA EVDO rev A data network compatibly. That meant it couldn't work on Verizon and Sprint. It also didn't include support for AWS bands, meaning that, while it could work on T-Mobile's 2G EDGE network, it couldn't work on T-Mobile's 3G network. Not that it mattered. Once more, like the iPhone, Apple teamed up with AT&T. This time they offered 256MB of data for $14.99 a month and $29.99 for unlimited, and it could be enabled on-device, and off-contract. Apple had apparently considered merely blowing up the iPhone interface for the iPad but ultimately decided that wasn't good enough. Instead, they took the iPhone interface and not only enlarged it, but expanded it to show two columns (sidebar or popover list, and main detail view) at once, which allowed for a different class of apps. Still dubbed iPhone OS back then, and specifically iPhone OS 3.2, it had most of the same built-in apps — not including the weather, stocks, calculator, and compass — but on a grander scale. Debuting alongside the original iPad was a new Apple app, iBooks, and a new store, the iBookstore. Again, Apple hadn't been sure about eBooks a year earlier, but when the decision was made, the web team took their knowledge of HTML, sprinted, and by January it was a marquee feature. To enable access to the existing library of App Store apps, Apple also gave the iPad the ability to run iPhone apps in letter- and pillar boxed form, either at actual size or in a 2x mode that better filled the screen. Apple also gave developers a couple of months of lead time to update their apps for universal compatibility, or to create iPad-specific apps. And when the iPad launched, an iPad App Store launched along with it, and with thousands of optimized apps ready to download. Rumors of the iPad's starting price had ranged up to $1000, which didn't seem impossible at the time. When Apple announced it, however, it started at $499. It was Steve Jobs' vision combined with Tim Cook's logistical genius that made that price possible. It was technology made even more mainstream, even more accessible, not only because of interface but because of price. The big iPhone It wasn't clear from the start that even Apple knew exactly what the iPad was. They knew it had potential, but its future was a haze of possibility, not yet a sharply focused certainty. It rolled out in stages. The Wi-Fi version shipped on April 3, 2010 in the U.S. The Wi-Fi + 3G version followed on April 30, and the international rollout on May 28. While some dismissed the iPad as "unimaginative" and as "just a big iPhone", it turned out consistency and being an iPhone gone IMAX was exactly the point. Walt Mossberg of the Wall Street Journal said it was close to being a laptop killer. AllThingsD: For the past week or so, I have been testing a sleek, light, silver-and-black tablet computer called an iPad. After spending hours and hours with it, I believe this beautiful new touch-screen device from Apple has the potential to change portable computing profoundly, and to challenge the primacy of the laptop. It could even help, eventually, to propel the finger-driven, multitouch user interface ahead of the mouse-driven interface that has prevailed for decades. Joshua Topolsky, former Editor-in-Chief of Engadget: The name iPad is a killing word -- more than a product -- it's a statement, an idea, and potentially a prime mover in the world of consumer electronics. [...] So the verdict? The buyer of an iPad is one of two people, the first is someone who sees not just the present, but the potential of a product like the iPad... and believes in and is excited about that potential. This is also a person who can afford what amounts to a luxury item. The second is an individual who simply doesn't need to get that much work done, and would prefer their computing experience to be easier, faster, and simpler. Does that sound like anyone you know? Yours truly, writing alongside Dieter Bohn, for iMore: The iPad is neither absolute failure nor second-coming. It is nothing more or less than Apple's attempt to once again make the computer more personal. What began with the original Apple and Mac and became the Apple II and iMac, takes another step forward into the future with the introduction of the iPad. That the iPad can deservedly be mentioned alongside those previous paradigm shifts, that it does for multitouch computer appliances what was done before for command-lines and graphical user interfaces -- and smartphones with the iPhone -- is a tremendous accomplishment. But it's the first generation of this shift, the Apple or Mac, not the Apple II or iMac, and that means it's certainly not for everyone, not yet. But it holds the potential to be just that -- the computing device of the future, and for most people. Apple sold over 300,000 iPads the first weekend. Apple: It feels great to have the iPad launched into the world—it's going to be a game changer. iPad users, on average, downloaded more than three apps and close to one book within hours of unpacking their new iPad. By May 3, after the introduction of the Wi-Fi + 3G model, they'd sold 1 million. Apple: One million iPads in 28 days—that's less than half of the 74 days it took to achieve this milestone with iPhone. Demand continues to exceed supply and we're working hard to get this magical product into the hands of even more customers. Apple had once again done the impossible. They'd made the world's first commercially successful tablet computer. Unity... eventually Shortly after the original iPad was shown off with, and shipped with, iPhone OS 3.2, Apple previewed iPhone OS 4. It would be renamed iOS 4 at WWDC 2010, and ship with the iPhone 4 shortly thereafter. However, it would only be coming to the iPad later, in the fall of 2010. Ultimately, it would be iOS 4.2, launched in November of 2010, that would finally unify Apple's iPhone and iPad product lines. And from that point on, they'd stay unified. Competitive confusion The iPad, even more than the iPhone, caught competitors flat-footed. Microsoft's Steve Ballmer raced onto the CES stage in early January of 2010 to show off the HP Slate and try to pre-empt the iPad buzz. It was so bad it barely shipped, though did include a handy pop-out piece of plastic with its Windows license emblazoned atop it. Samsung, for their part, forced Android (Gingerbread) onto a tablet against even the wishes and advice of Google, introducing the original Galaxy Tab running stretched out smartphone software. BlackBerry tried to spin their big screen phone companion into a tablet proper, derailing their more pressing phone needs, and ending up with the amateur-hour-is-over PlayBook that couldn't even handle their signature email system. Palm raced to get a TouchPad out, scaling the elegant webOS operating system, but targeting the original iPad specs months after Apple had already launched the iPad 2. And Microsoft went on for years clinging to the idea that full Windows on a tablet was a feature when the market continually responded that it was a detriment. It was, perhaps, one of the greatest routings in the history of consumer electronics, and it was by the first iPad Apple would ever produce, a product they themselves were already planning to leapfrog. Getting mini, going Pro By April of 2011, when Apple discontinued the original iPad, total sales had reached over 15 million units. Not only was that more than the original iPhone sold in it's first year, but it was more than every other tablet combined had ever sold combined. There we 65,000 iPad-optimized apps in the App Store as well, and as we know by now, it was only the beginning... Now we have iPad mini that can fit in your — well, some of our! — back pockets, and iPad Pro with Apple Pencil and the Smart Keyboard that can replace a laptop for many people. Rumor has it, there's more on the way in 2017 as well. What remains key for Apple and iPad though, is the story of iPad and telling it. Technology alone is not enough. Apple believes that. With iPad people can accomplish amazing things in places beyond the reach of traditional computers. Showing us that, delivering on more of that, is what will shape the next seven years. Like us! Share on Facebook Reader comments Happy 7th anniversary iPad! 6 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Sort by Date Sort by Rating MG537 Yeah I still remember that presentation and being perplexed that it ran iPhone OS and not OSX. Then one day I visited the Apple Store and walked out with a brand new 64GB iPad (That's all they had in stock). Ever since my home computing needs were transformed from traditional computer to iPad. I also remember many pundits pooh-poohed all over the fact that it had a 4:3 screen aspect ratio. Boy were Steve and Jony right about that. 1 12 hours ago Reply Robert Kemp Despite all the advances in iPad technology, it can't replace a laptop. The iPhone with its larger size, performance, and functionality further erodes the need for a tablet. Having said this I have an iPad Air that I use for reading and some video streaming. Unless the next generation has 'brain' interface it will be my last :-) 0 11 hours ago Reply roystreet Considering that this is my first iPad, I got the Pro 9.7' version & it is wonderful. My main computer 'was' my Surface Pro 3. If I need high horsepower, then the iPad can't match it. I find nowadays that I don't need as much & the iPad just flows nicely & the battery last a long time for me. For me, technology has changed & has changed the way we do things, that's why I got the Surface Pro. Then later my needs & things I wanted to do changed...I'm tired of Windows for multiple reasons, but the Mac doesn't provide enough reason for me to switch to one. I've been able to move most of my regular work to my iPad Pro. I watch videos, email, work on Word & OneNote documents, even some graphic design... I rarely start my Surface up now. I will say some things on the iPad are more difficult to do, but other things it just flows! I write on it a lot & that is one of the main reasons I got it. My iPhone is very useful & can do many of the same things, but screen size for one, is a killer. The iPhone will never have the screen size I want when I want to be more productive. I'm glad that Steve worked on this product & did it right. I may be like you Robert, in the sense I will probably keep this model for awhile. Tablets aren't going away. But it matters what your needs are. My wife has really no reason to switch to one. 0 10 hours ago Reply ernestswhite I still have the original iPad 64GB, I remember taking it with me on deployment and it kept me sane the entire time. now I own a mini 4 but the original will always hold a special place for me. 0 9 hours ago Reply Chris Domico For me, a "computer" is now whatever my company gives me for work. Yes, that happens to be a Mac, but I don't need it for anything other than to be able to say, "This is a task for my employer, so I must do it on my company issued hardware." I do everything on my iPad now, and can even work from it if I don't have my Mac nearby. During the day, my iPad Pro sits flat on my desk with my Apple Pencil right next to it--it acts as my legal pad for meeting notes, and they sync in OneNote so I can access them from my Mac too. At night and on weekends, I use it for content consumption AND creation. I write blog entries/articles, create documents and artwork, watch movies and TV, play games, read books and magazines, and countless other things as well. For the last several months or so, I've also been using it (simultaneously with my iPhone) to record, edit, and publish my podcast. What surprised me the most about switching mostly to iPad Pro for my personal computing is that I tend to produce better results than I ever did on my Mac. My podcast files sound better. My work is more focused. My input and interface options are far greater. I'm interested in drawing, sketching, and water coloring again (usually in Paper by Fifty Three) for the first time in several years. And this is on a machine that's even more light and portable than any MacBook I've ever owned. I don't get all the iPad hate lately. I really do think the latest models are plenty of computer for most people and certainly more fun to use than the laptops and desktops we all grew up on. I do a lot of "pro" things on my iPad Pro, and the final product is always great. I think these devices have a bright future, and that we have not yet begun to take full advantage of what they are capable of. 0 6 hours ago Reply cuttheredwire The iPad mini 2 was my gateway drug to Apple products, and now I'm never going back either. Here's to hoping for Xcode, users, a better task switcher, and less wasted space. All are obvious and low hanging friut improvements. 0 6 hours ago Reply 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2016 Mobile Nations • Terms and Conditions • Privacy Policy • Careers: Writer | Dev • Licensing • External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
AppleMagazine – January 27, 2017-P2P Posted on 27.01.2017 at 21:23 in Ebooks, Magazines by Fisherman AppleMagazine is a weekly publication packed with news, iTunes and Apps reviews, interviews and original articles on anything and everything Apple. Apple Magazine brings a new concept of light, intelligent, innovative reading to your fingertips; with a global view of Apple and its influence on our lives – be it leisure activities, family or work-collaborative projects. Elegantly designed and highly interactive, Apple magazine will also keep you updated on the latest weekly news. It’s that simple! It’s all about Apple and its worldwide culture influence, all in one place, and only one tap away. AppleMagazine – January 27, 2017-P2P English | 172 pages | True PDF | 49.35 MB Download: UPLOADED – FILESCDN – NTi Comments(5) Previous post: New Scientist – January 28, 2017-P2P Next post: Rolling Stone USA – January 12, 2017-P2P Loading... Comments Feel free to post your AppleMagazine – January 27, 2017-P2P torrent, subtitles, samples, free download, quality, NFO, rapidshare, depositfiles, uploaded.net, rapidgator, filefactory, netload, crack, serial, keygen, requirements or whatever-related comments here. Don't be rude (permban), use only English, don't go offtopic and read FAQ before asking a question. Owners of this website aren't responsible for content of comments. Mirror2Man January 27th, 2017 | 21:24 Suprafiles.net http://suprafiles.net/mp79o43kh6o1/AppleMagazine__January_27_2017.pdf Dailyuploads.net https://dailyuploads.net/c2kxb3b2189z/AppleMagazine__January_27_2017.pdf Filescdn.com https://filescdn.com/7ik3tuqe1bna/AppleMagazine__January_27_2017.pdf Userscloud.com https://userscloud.com/fqbjxsiign68/AppleMagazine__January_27_2017.pdf Uploadrocket.net http://uploadrocket.net/nlsjbug7xgxm/AppleMagazine__January_27_2017.pdf.html Salefiles.com http://salefiles.com/3hy5eygvbqrf/A_eMagazine__January_27_2017.pdf.html Uploading.site http://uploading.site/z66uvrxsj0j4/AppleMagazine__January_27_2017.pdf Subyshare.com https://subyshare.com/eyil5kar5j3l/AppleMagazine__January_27_2017.pdf.html Den Bagus January 27th, 2017 | 21:36 http://filescdn.com/smojnokt0c1d http://kingfiles.net/f1du0mwffowd/AppleMagazine-January.2.2017.pdf http://uploadrocket.net/eqzgxtesh53l/AppleMagazine-January.2.2017.pdf.html https://dailyuploads.net/x0x79hq2zxfi Cristiano Ronaldo January 27th, 2017 | 21:41 AppleMagazine – January 27, 2017-P2P Rapidgator http://rapidgator.net/file/42161dcc7dde3ead05e5c658d1947f62/AppleMagazine__January_27_2017.pdf.html KatFile http://katfile.com/raal114ukvvb.html TurboBit http://turbobit.net/nv20r1e2r62o.html UploadRocket http://uploadrocket.net/16iio8q9g77b/AppleMagazine__January_27_2017.pdf.html ………..Enjoy! …………… sssddd7 January 27th, 2017 | 21:45 http://rapidgator.net/file/b73086acd6680f0c1c5de67a851cce4f/AppleMagazine__January_27_2017_.pdf.html http://suprafiles.net/bw3qqgq5hma1 http://uploading.site/qwb8284o2wxb.htm http://uploadrocket.net/1pv1frelwg0l/AppleMagazine_January_27_2017_.pdf.html https://userscloud.com/9amx3yj7g4v2 KatFile January 27th, 2017 | 22:39 AppleMagazine – January 27, 2017-P2P = = = = KatFile http://katfile.com/raal114ukvvb.html = = = = Leave a reply name (required) email ( will not be shown ) (required)   Search Categories Anime (RSS) Applications (RSS) Android (RSS) iOS (RSS) MAC (RSS) Tutorials (RSS) Windows (RSS) Ebooks (RSS) Comics (RSS) eBook (RSS) Magazines (RSS) Games (RSS) Linux (RSS) MAC (RSS) PC (RSS) PS3 (RSS) PSP (RSS) Wii (RSS) XBOX360 (RSS) Offtopic (RSS) Site news (RSS) Tech News (RSS) MViD (RSS) Staff Picks (RSS) Pages About Releaselog Advertise on RLSLOG! FAQ How-To Help Link eXchange Movie formats Movie sources Privacy Policy RLSLOG Nuke Dictionary Torrent sites Archives Select Month January 2017  (1346) December 2016  (1393) November 2016  (1822) October 2016  (1715) September 2016  (1341) August 2016  (1123) July 2016  (1182) June 2016  (1239) May 2016  (707) April 2016  (572) March 2016  (667) February 2016  (460) January 2016  (672) December 2015  (920) November 2015  (830) October 2015  (726) September 2015  (809) August 2015  (824) July 2015  (877) June 2015  (728) May 2015  (602) April 2015  (724) March 2015  (886) February 2015  (831) January 2015  (1576) December 2014  (1304) November 2014  (907) October 2014  (855) September 2014  (848) August 2014  (688) July 2014  (885) June 2014  (920) May 2014  (908) April 2014  (1074) March 2014  (1045) February 2014  (836) January 2014  (606) December 2013  (706) November 2013  (693) October 2013  (755) September 2013  (657) August 2013  (511) July 2013  (486) June 2013  (592) May 2013  (603) April 2013  (676) March 2013  (677) February 2013  (513) January 2013  (366) December 2012  (347) November 2012  (401) October 2012  (328) September 2012  (405) August 2012  (385) July 2012  (356) June 2012  (392) May 2012  (540) April 2012  (569) March 2012  (588) February 2012  (388) January 2012  (422) December 2011  (602) November 2011  (569) October 2011  (710) September 2011  (603) August 2011  (518) July 2011  (222) June 2011  (393) May 2011  (370) April 2011  (438) March 2011  (456) February 2011  (439) January 2011  (443) December 2010  (533) November 2010  (462) October 2010  (371) September 2010  (320) August 2010  (216) July 2010  (329) June 2010  (302) May 2010  (288) April 2010  (305) March 2010  (320) February 2010  (286) January 2010  (309) December 2009  (293) November 2009  (271) October 2009  (231) September 2009  (354) August 2009  (278) July 2009  (318) June 2009  (377) May 2009  (270) April 2009  (210) March 2009  (236) February 2009  (116) January 2009  (164) December 2008  (143) November 2008  (173) October 2008  (216) September 2008  (254) August 2008  (203) July 2008  (176) June 2008  (209) May 2008  (234) April 2008  (166) March 2008  (190) February 2008  (153) January 2008  (169) December 2007  (180) November 2007  (229) October 2007  (210) September 2007  (134) August 2007  (155) July 2007  (139) June 2007  (145) May 2007  (171) April 2007  (127) March 2007  (137) February 2007  (76) January 2007  (68) December 2006  (88) November 2006  (69) October 2006  (46) September 2006  (39) August 2006  (26) July 2006  (52) June 2006  (33) May 2006  (62) April 2006  (53) March 2006  (51) February 2006  (22) January 2006  (25) Links RSS | IRC | Contact New releases | posts NewTorrents.info Leecher's Lair Rapidshare King PREKiNG RushFlights Most rated Fast and Furious 3: Tokyo Drift soundtrack Russian eBay and Paypal cheaters busted Piracy isn't THAT bad and they know it UK: tougher piracy laws, blacklists of pirates Most popular Mass Effect-DETONATiON Alone In The Dark-iND Grand Theft Auto IV-Razor1911 The Forbidden Kingdom R5 XViD-PUKKA Wanted R5 LiNE XviD-iVE Link exchange Subtitles SoftArchive Dl4all Download GFX EPDM Pond Liner Gaaks Whiskey Decanters more links... Rapidshare King Akhil The Power Of Jua (2017) Hindi Dubbed Movie HD Free 720p Ok Jaanu Full Hindi Movie Download Hd Nanny McPhee (2005) Hindi Dual Audio 720p BRRip 900MB Heist (2015) Hindi Dual Audio 720p BRRip 750mb Absolutely Fabulous The Movie (2016) Dual Audio 720p BRRip 850MB Releaselog © RLSLOG.net 2006-2017
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK patently mad — Trump told to stop gov’t lawsuit over Qualcomm patent licensing Action or inaction on Qualcomm could be a bellwether of Trump patent policy. Joe Mullin - Jan 27, 2017 8:32 pm UTC Enlarge / Federal Trade Commission (FTC) Chairwoman Edith Ramirez testifying in Congress last May. A conservative group says Ramirez has taken antitrust positions, including the recent suit against Qualcomm, "that weaken US patent rights." reader comments 79 Share this story Several conservative groups have written to President Donald Trump asking him to stop the Federal Trade Commission from pursuing a lawsuit against Qualcomm over its patent licensing. The FTC sued Qualcomm last week just days before President Trump took the oath of office. The FTC lawsuit says that Qualcomm's patent licensing practices amount to an illegal "patent tax" on smartphone makers who choose non-Qualcomm processors. Yesterday, conservative groups including Americans for Tax Reform and the American Conservative Union sent a letter (PDF) to the White House calling the FTC lawsuit "midnight regulation at its worst," a misuse of antitrust law to "undercut patent property rights and conservative free market principles." The letter was first reported by Morning Consult. Further ReadingClinton v. Trump on copyrights and patents: Reading the platform and the tea leavesThe FTC lawsuit was filed by a 2-1 vote, with Republican Commissioner Maureen Ohlhausen writing a strongly worded dissent. FTC Chairwoman Edith Ramirez, a Democrat who voted in favor of the lawsuit against Qualcomm, has already announced that she will resign on February 10. In their letter, the conservative groups say that Ohlhausen should be made permanent chair of the FTC. The president appointed Ohlhausen as interim chair yesterday. "Commissioner Ohlhausen has pledged to uphold intellectual property rights and undertake only evidence-based antitrust investigations, in contra-distinction to the politically motivated actions taken by the outgoing FTC that harm U.S. companies relative to Asian competitors," the letter states. The FTC lawsuit was quickly followed by a legal attack by Apple, which filed lawsuits against Qualcomm in the US and China. Apple's lawsuit claims Qualcomm tried to "extort" $1 billion in exchange for preventing Apple from talking to Korean regulators, who slapped Qualcomm with an $850 million fine last month. The complaint also says that Qualcomm's patent-licensing practices have resulted in Apple being overcharged "billions." Patently Shifting It's unclear where President Trump stands on patent issues and on the patent reforms that big industries—including tech, retailers, and restaurants—have been seeking for years now. If he follows the lead of these conservative groups, we're likely to see laws that favor patent enforcement and less likely to see the reforms that were supported by both parties during the Obama era. Qualcomm's business model relies on patent licensing. During Congressional debates on patent reform efforts, Qualcomm has opposed most proposed changes to patent laws. The company believes that reform efforts would weaken patents and potentially its own negotiating position. The groups that signed yesterday's letter are all conservative but are not in line with the patent views of most Republicans. The last patent reform bill voted on in the House was favored by majorities of both Democrats and Republicans, but the pro-reform majority was larger on the Republican side. Of the few Republicans that did oppose reform, many were affiliated with right-leaning groups like the American Conservative Union, which has opposed patent reform efforts. It's worth noting that the ACU also treated Vice President Mike Pence like something of a legislative rock star when he was in Congress. If Trump does choose to oppose the FTC lawsuit, getting it shut down won't be a straightforward process. The FTC is an independent agency, so he can't simply turn off lawsuits that the agency has initiated. The president has the power to nominate new commissioners, but he can't control their actions. The FTC under the Trump administration is expected to have three Republican and two Democratic commissioners once it's fully staffed. One writer behind the letter, Jim Edwards of the Inventors' Project, told Morning Consult he hopes the letter gets other administration officials to pressure the FTC into withdrawing the complaint. Promoted Comments BINARYGOD Ars Tribunus Militum jump to post Quote: One writer behind the letter, Jim Edwards of the Inventors' Project, told Morning Consult he hopes the letter gets other administration officials to pressure the FTC into withdrawing the complaint. So the Executive pressuring an independent agency is suddenly a good thing now (Conservative->FTC), when some months ago it was a horribly flawed, possible illegal thing (Obama->FCC)? Funny that. 2803 posts | registered 12/9/2009 Joe Mullin Joe has covered the intersection of law and technology, including the world's biggest copyright and patent battles, since 2007. Email joe.mullin@arstechnica.com // Twitter @joemullin reader comments 79 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO Fragmentation nixed a Cisco-Android network partnership Fragmentation nixed a Cisco-Android network partnership Cisco has a partnership that makes Apple devices work better, but it tried Android first Stephen Lawson (IDG News Service) 28 January, 2017 06:39 - - - - print email Comments Cisco Systems tried to give Android devices the same kinds of integration it later provided for iPhones and iPads but gave up because the Android ecosystem was too fragmented. A Cisco-Apple partnership announced in 2015 gives iOS devices capabilities that other wireless clients don’t have on Cisco-based enterprise networks. Among other things, enterprises can designate work-related applications like videoconferencing for priority on the wireless link between iOS devices and a Wi-Fi access point. The partnership will also make it a little easier for Apple fans to work with the Spark Board all-in-one meeting device that Cisco announced on Tuesday. Android doesn’t have those advantages. It’s not that Android devices don’t work at all with Cisco networks or the Spark Board: Most Spark Board interactions are possible on Android through things like public APIs. But things might have gone a different way. “We started with Android,” said Rowan Trollope, Cisco’s senior vice president of IoT and applications, in a press briefing after Tuesday’s launch. When Trollope and Cisco collaboration guru Jonathan Rosenberg went to Google to propose ways to help Android devices work better on Cisco networks, the company was enthusiastic, he said. But because so many players, including carriers and phone manufacturers, can craft their own variations on Android, Google couldn’t hash out integrations with Cisco on its own, Trollope said. “We like your ideas,” he recalled Google saying. “Go talk to Samsung and HTC and, oh yes, you have to go to Verizon, too.” Some Android users decry the modifications that device companies and carriers make to Google’s open-source OS, which they say can hobble important features. In addition, vendors and service providers usually upgrade users' phones to the next release of Android only after long delays, or don’t offer upgrades at all. Apple fully controls iOS and offers new releases to all users at the same time, though older devices can’t necessarily run the latest version. Cisco did approach Samsung, the biggest manufacturer of Android products, but that still left a lot more vendors to deal with. “One by one by one,” Trollope said. “We don’t have the resources to do that.” Mobile operators might not even want to give their versions of Android all the capabilities that Apple developed with Cisco, he added. For example, the Cisco-Apple integration helps enterprises shift voice calls from the carrier network to a wireless LAN without losing things like call logging for compliance. “It’s not necessarily in the operator’s best interest,” Trollope said. “Apple can do it, and Apple did do it.” Google did not respond to a request for comment. A Samsung representative declined to comment. 6 Styles of Customer Analytics More from Gartner Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about AppleCiscoGoogleHTCLANSamsungSparkVerizon Editor's Recommendations Mind the (expectation) gap The ultimate test: Inside Cricket Australia's digital transformation Opinion: Are the ATO and Census failures just the tip of the iceberg? ​Australia is not a screw-up nation ​Is Apple under threat? How operational resilience helped RBA survive a siege Web Events Digitally remastering your business Impact of Project Prioritisation Let the Data Centre Transformation Begin - with Flash Storage Read more Gartner Partner Zone Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers The Rise of 'Data and Analytics' Roles Points to Digital Business Transformation Are You Protected? Get Ahead of the Curve The Nervous, the Vigilant and the Battle-Scarred - IT Security Personas Revealed CIO Forum in Association with Dell Technologies Latest Jobs Team Lead - Infrastructure, Cloud and Cyber Security QLD Devops Engineer VIC Technical Writer ACT Service Delivery Manager QLD Web Architect - Ruby, Python, Java, Open source NSW Senior Project Manager VIC Solutions Architect - Data Centre/ Network ACT Senior Business Analyst SA Multiple Infrastructure Architects WA Solutions Architect - Data Centre/ Network NSW Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next The ‘logic’ and IT magic behind animated movie making D-Wave's quantum computer runs a staggering 2,000 qubits ​Google becomes its own Root Certificate Authority CSO Online In pictures: CIO Summit Melbourne In pictures: CIO50 launch party Atlassian acquires team-management software vendor Trello Market Place Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). 6 cities | 20 exhibitors | International & local keynotes | Hear from Mark Loveless 'Simple Nomad' & Jeff Lanza Former FBI - Save your seat at CSO Perspectives Roadshow WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! CSO LeakedSource's shutdown is a blow to amateur hackers Trump’s unsecure Android phone highlights common security dilemma Five arrested for hacking into ATMs and stealing $3.2 million Cisco starts patching critical flaw in WebEx browser extension Compliance focus, too much security expertise hurts awareness programs Computerworld Trump’s unsecure Android phone highlights common security dilemma Microsoft gets unexpected bump in Windows revenue Toshiba sells off a stake in its memory business to WD Trump eyes an H-1B visa aimed at ‘best and brightest’ Corruption claims over failed $240m Ultranet project ARN Contino lands in Australia as professional services start-up expands regionally CSG Services, Oracle named in Victoria’s Ultranet corruption probe Former Webroot head joins Insentra A partner's guide to weeding out Australia’s “warmware” risks Optus vaults into Voice over Wi-Fi services Techworld The world's largest solar farm contains 2.5 million solar modules Alt Twitter government accounts spring up to challenge Trump LeakedSource's shutdown is a blow to amateur hackers Trump’s unsecure Android phone highlights common security dilemma Intel pursues Moore's Law with plan to make first 7-nm chips this year CMO CMO's top 10 martech stories for the week - 27 January 2017 How HBF rolled out marketing automation in eight months De Castro takes marketing and sales reins at AGL Updated: Ganschow, Ristevski, Kirby join NAB's marketing leadership team Tealium CEO: AI, IoT and the ongoing customer data integration challenge Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
Startup Launch! Best Industries Funding Incubators Business Plans Naming Home-Based Business The UPS StoreView Grow Strategy Operations Sales Marketing Customer Service Franchises Build Lead Company Culture Productivity Public Speaking Hiring HR/Benefits Women Entrepreneurs Rising Stars T-MobileView Innovate Creativity Invent Design Pivot Technology Cloud Computing Social Media Security Big Data Money Bootstrapping Crowdfunding Venture Capital Borrowing Business Models Personal Finance Inc. 5000 The 2016 US List The 2016 Europe List Apply Inc. 5000 US Special Reports Founders 40 Small Business Week The Inc. Life Icons of Entrepreneurship Hot Spots Spread the Wealth Vision 2020 Secrets of the Inspired Traveler Main Street Video Founders Forum Inspiration Chronicles World's Coolest Offices Lift Inc. Live How I Did It Drinks With… Idea Lab Playbook Productivity Playbook Tip Sheet Origin Stories Ask Marcus Lemonis Events Full Schedule Inc. Women's Summit Inc.5000 Conference & Gala Iconic GrowCo Conference Inc. BrandView NEWSLETTERS MAGAZINE PARTNER CONTENT Inc. BrandView Inc. Branded Content Inc. Franchise LAUNCH! PODCASTS SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISE INC. RADIO BUSINESS TOOLS Send Press Releases Plan for your business Secure Funding Get Published OTHER EDITIONS Inc. ASEAN Inc. Arabia SITEMAP PRIVACY PRESS QUERIES AD CHOICE Search Newsletters Follow Subscribe Today's Must Reads Startup Inc. Events & Offers Inc. Partner Events & Offers Forgot Password? Enter your email to reset your password Or sign up using: New member? Sign up now. Sign in if you're already registered. TECHNOLOGY Rejected Again by Apple, Gab Says It's a Victim of Anti-Trump Bias The social network claims Apple is practicing a double standard, holding it responsible for 'objectionable' content that flourishes on other services. By Salvador Rodriguez Salvador Rodriguez is a staff reporter for the San Francisco bureau of Inc. He covers Apple, Google, Facebook, Twitter, tech diversity, virtual reality, and other aspects of technology and entrepreneurship. Previously, Rodriguez was the Silicon Valley correspondent for the International Business Times; before that, he was the lead tech blogger and gadget reviewer for the Los Angeles Times. Rodriguez has interned with The New York Times in Arizona, The Arizona Republic, and the Houston Chronicle. He was born in Mexico and raised in Texas, and he earned his journalism degrees at Arizona State University. One of his special skills is the ability to name all the Super Bowl winners chronologically from memory. @sal19 Staff reporter, Inc.@sal19 1 COMMENTS Gab, a free speech social network that has risen in popularity among white nationalists and white supremacists, was denied access to the services of both Twitter and Apple this week. CREDIT: Courtesy Company Advertisement Gab, the fast-growing social network popular among supporters of President Donald Trump and the white nationalist movement, has had its app rejected from the Apple App Store once again. Gab is now alleging that the iPhone maker is rejecting its app based on political double standards that it doesn't apply to other social networks. "Apple is asking Gab to censor 'objectionable content' while allowing this same content to exist in much higher volumes on every major social channel," Gab CEO Andrew Torba told Inc. "Our app is being held to a much higher level of scrutiny than other social-networking apps." Gab, which is based in Austin, is a social network similar to Twitter. It allows users to share micro-blog posts with their followers that can contain photos, videos, or links to articles. But compared with Twitter, Gab is more permissive with the types of content it allows its users to publish, adhering to an extreme version of free speech. At the same time, the social network gives its users the ability to easily filter out any words, phrases, or types of content they do not want to come across on their feeds to avoid issues of user abuse and harassment. This mixture of features and policies has turned Gab into a popular online hangout spot for white nationalists and white supremacists, many of whom have been banned from Twitter for posting speech that can be considered hateful or abusive. That popularity has helped Gab grow quickly--it boasts 140,000 users since launching last year--but it has resulted in its service being full of the kinds of content Apple says it won't promote. In December, Apple originally rejected Gab for not censoring pornographic content on its service by default. Gab made the changes necessary and re-submitted its app, but since then, Apple has continued to reject the company for a variety of issues. Apple has rejected Gab on technicalities, but on Jan. 21, the company rejected Gab on a matter of content once again, the startup claims. This time the reason given was the "objectionable content" that is found on Gab. "Your app includes content that could be considered defamatory or mean-spirited," Apple's App Store Review team said in an email posted on Medium by Gab. "We found references to religion, race, gender, sexual orientation, or other targeted groups that could be offensive to many users." For Torba, this reason is a double standard that is not applied to other social networks whose apps are actively available on iOS. "We believe that the extreme scrutiny we are being subjected to is related to the fact that our community is very pro-Trump," Torba told Inc. "We believe it was no mistake that it took 17 days to review our app and it was rejected on Jan. 21, Trump's first full day as president." Explaining its reasoning, Apple included screenshots of searches made on Gab for various objectionable terms, such as the n-word, Gab said. But terms like the n-word can easily be found on many other social networks. "This clear double standard against us is potentially politically motivated and clearly targeted," Gab said in its post. "When you actively search for something on a user generated website, chances are you're going to find what you are looking for." To illustrate this point, Torba and his team posted screenshots of similar searches on Instagram, Reddit, Tumblr, and Twitter. Gab notes that on Instagram, in particular, the app will not only show you results for these types of terms but will also suggest other similar objectionable terms for users to search for. "Please note that we certainly do not condone this type of language," Gab said in its post. "Our point in highlighting it is simply to display the double standards and extreme scrutiny Apple is putting our application through while allowing Big Social apps to display the same and arguably worse content in their own apps." Gab said it plans to continue to appeal Apple on this decision. Additionally, the company said it plans to launch an Android app in "the next month or so." Until then, users wishing to access Gab must do so via a Web browser. "We refuse to cater to corporate censorship and will defend free speech at all costs," Gab said. Apple did not respond to a request for comment. Published on: Jan 23, 2017 Advertisement
ON NEWSSTANDS 107 Dec/Jan 2017 The Faith Issue Music Style Culture Video share tweet Feed All Posts Featured Posts Trending Posts Magazine Events Shop Twitter facebook youtube instagram tumblr US US UK CA US Edition UK Edition Canada Edition Follow the Fader Press Enter to Search Music Style Culture Video Magazine Events Shop US Edition UK Edition Canada Edition culture / News This Is How Apple Plans To Make Sure You Don’t Lose Your AirPods The company has announced a new feature aimed specifically at locating lost earbuds. By David Renshaw   Apple The chances of you losing your expensive Apple AirPods just reduced from "very likely" to just "likely." The company behind the wireless headphones, introduced last year alongside the iPhone 7, has announced a new feature aimed specifically at locating lost earbuds. The extension of the Find My iPhone tool will help users to find their missing earbuds through the app or iCloud website. The service will be able to identify whether the missing items are within Bluetooth range of the owner's Apple device. Failing that, users will be able to see the area where the they were most recently connected to their Apple device. There will also be an option to play a sound on one or both AirPods to assist in finding anything misplaced by their owner. The user must be signed into iCloud on these devices in order for this to work. The new feature will be available when iOS 10.3 launches shortly. At present Apple charges $69 to replace a missing AirPod. January 25, 2017 Apple, Technology Read full story Come through for today’s top stories Trending culture / News Neo-Nazi Richard Spencer Got Punched For The Second Time And Twitter Is Losing It music / Video Missy Elliott Debuts New Single And Video, “I’m Better” culture / News The Mother Of The “Honey Bun Baby” Reacts To Her Son’s Viral Stardom culture / News The Best Memes Of Neo-Nazi Richard Spencer Getting Punched To Music music / News Chief Keef Arrested In Los Angeles On Robbery And Assault Charges culture / News This Is How Apple Plans To Make Sure You Don’t Lose Your AirPods Contact Advertising Terms of Use Privacy Policy Fader Label Twitter Facebook Google+ Youtube Tumblr Instagram Apple Music Soundcloud Spotify RSS Magazine 107 Dec/Jan 2017 The Faith Issue Subscribe Updates Daily Events To get invites for parties near where you live, make sure to add your Zip/Postal Code. ©2017 The Fader, Inc. All rights reserved. Site By Wondersauce
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Get ready for the iCig: Apple files patent for a VAPE that could also be used for marijuana Describes using plate inside a chamber that heats up a substance to form vapor Vape is illustrated as being a cylindrical in shape, having a thermal jacket and lid Method focuses on not losing a lot of the substance during the cooling process Could use both  a ‘solid precursor’ and a ‘liquid chemical’ inside the chamber By Stacy Liberatore For Dailymail.com Published: 15:17 EST, 27 January 2017 | Updated: 15:17 EST, 27 January 2017 e-mail 25 shares 3 View comments The global vape market is expected to be worth $32.11 billion by 2021 and a new patent suggests  Apple wants a piece of the action. It proposes that the Cupertino company may be working on its own vaporizer that uses high temperatures to ‘cause the substance to sublimate or vaporize’. The document also indicates that the unit could be used for both a ‘solid precursor’ and a ‘liquid chemical’, suggesting Apple could market if for marijuana use. Scroll down for video  A patent proposes that Apple may be working on its own high-tech vaporizer unit that uses high temperatures to ‘cause the substance to sublimate or vaporize’. T he pages outline plans for a temperature-regulated plate inside a chamber that heats up a substance to form a vapor APPLE'S NEW PATENT  Apple's latest patent steps away from wearables and smartphones, and into a new market - vaporizers. A patent was published on Jan. 26 that outlines plans for a temperature-regulated plate inside a chamber that heats up a substance to form a vapor. The e-cigarette is described in the patent having a cylindrical shape, thermal jacket and a body unit as well as a lid. Apple’s method seems to be designed around not losing a lot of the substance inside of the chamber during the cooling process.  The document also indicates that the unit could be used for both a ‘solid precursor’ and a ‘liquid chemical’, suggesting Apple could market if for marijuana use.  The patent, first spotted by Digital Trends, was filed in July 2015 and published on Thursday. The pages outline plans for a temperature-regulated plate inside a chamber that heats up a substance to form a vapor. ‘A chamber body is to receive therein a substance that is to be vaporized or sublimated into a vapor,’ reads the patent. ‘A plate whose bottom face rests on the substance inside the chamber body is temperature regulated, e.g., using a heater therein, which releases heat directly above the substance that lies below.’ ‘The plate slides downward as the substance is consumed by vaporization or sublimation.’ Apple’s potential e-cigarette is described as having a cylindrical shape, thermal jacket and a body unit as well as a lid. The patent also makes a suggestion that the substance placed in the vaporizer could be either a ‘solid precursor’ or a ‘liquid chemical’, which has some questioning if this unit will be used as a marijuana vaporizer. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Google Maps can now warn you BEFORE you leave the house if... Why you should never lick a toad: Scientists find deadly... Coughton Court's secret room: 3D scans finally unveil a... How Amazon's Alexa took a bite out of Apple in the battle to... Share this article Share 25 shares To use the device, users would open the top of the chamber body and add the substance into the canister. Inside of the chamber or chamber body is a plate that rests on the substance. This component has a heater that will activate to heat the substance that is sitting directly below it. The document also indicates that the unit could be used for both a ‘solid precursor’ and a ‘liquid chemical’, suggesting Apple could market if for marijuana use - along with as a traditional vaporizer  ‘Heat released from the plate 5 may efficiently supplement at least part of the energy that is lost through cooling along virtually the entire surface of the substance (latent heat vaporization),’ according to the patent. ‘This takes place continuously while the substance is consumed, to render an efficient vaporization/sublimation process.’ A plate whose bottom face rests on the substance inside the chamber body is temperature regulated, e.g., using a heater therein, which releases heat directly above the substance that lies below,' reads the patent Users would open the top of the chamber and add the substance into the canister. Inside of the chamber or chamber body is a plate that rests on the substance. This component has a heater that will activate to heat the substance that is sitting directly below it Apple’s method seems to be designed around not losing a lot of the substance inside of the chamber during the cooling process. Although it is not clear whether or not Apple was thinking of using its unit for marijuana is unclear, the firm did file the patent in California where it is legal to use recreational. However, Apple has published hundreds, maybe even thousands of patents, and a majority of the technology has never been made into working devices.   Read more: www.digitaltrend... Share or comment on this article e-mail 25 shares Most watched News videos Graphic: NZ Breakers player's eye dislodged in horrific injury Pizza Hut customer finds workers in the back of empty restaurant in Bristol 'There goes that relationship' Trump's quip to BBC question Shocking CCTV shows car speed into Humber Bridge barrier Heartwarming scene as Grayce shares her puppies with owner Florida couple passed out in their car with two children in the backseat A close look at the huge crack formed across Arizona desert Enraged man punches laptop and quits job during 'meltdown' at airport Bizarre footage of multiple UFOs hovering near Mexican border Alarming moment guy violently pushes man onto tube tracks CCTV shows brave man fighting nunchuck-wielding robbers Inauguration etiquette 101: Escort First Lady up White House steps First ladies first? Why didn't Trump wait for Melania at... Hollywood legend John Hurt dies: Two-time Oscar nominee... Two-mile crack is found in the Arizona desert: Giant... What a special relationship! Trump gets touchy-feely with... Live by the sword, die by the sword: Stunning... 'Well there goes that relationship!' President Trump... Smiling conman bags £330 'refund' for a TV he just picked... Devastated father tells how mother died in court 'because... What a special relationship! Trump gets touchy-feely with... 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for... Bizarre moment customer walks into empty Pizza Hut and... The gruesome moment a basketball player's EYE pops out... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● Comments 3 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual Your comment will be credited to your MailOnline persona No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual Your comment will be credited to your MailOnline persona More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read What to do in a nuclear attack: As the world edges closer to doomsday, experts reveal their tips for... Coughton Court's secret room: 3D scans finally unveil a priest hole hidden in the walls of the famous... Can YOU solve this McDonald's maths puzzle? Brainteaser that has left the internet baffled is harder than it... Climate change and NOT humans killed off Australia's Ice Age megabeasts including 500lb kangaroos and... A cluster of UFOs was filmed hovering over the border between the US and Mexico... but the footage has... Corn is turning french hamsters into 'deranged cannibals' that eat their own offspring The ultra secure, self-destructing 'black phone' Donald Trump SHOULD be using revealed amid claims the... Stunned Pittsburgh museum workers find a REAL human skull inside the 148 year old plaster head of a diarama... The ultimate Nerf: $100 'Nemesis' that can hold 100 foam pellets and fire them at 70mph revealed Who's a good boy? Study finds dogs will always share their treats - especially with their friends Talk about going the extra mile! Shark travels half way around the world in just 600 days in new world... Get ready for the iCig: Apple files patent for a VAPE that could also be used for marijuana Did Earth makes its OWN water deep in the mantle? New theory could solve the mystery of our planet's liquid... NASA study reveals how much radiation REALLY hits you when you travel by plane A human-pig hybrid embryo has been created in a world first: Breakthrough could open up the possibility for... MORE HEADLINES MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today The Kushners break bread with Team Trump: Jared and Ivanka welcome members of the President's cabinet for the first big Shabbat meal at their new DC home  Snapping back into shape! Terry Richardson shares NUDE post-baby bod photo of girlfriend Alexandra 'Skinny' Bolotow Controversial snapper Paula Patton and Robin Thicke's girlfriend April Love Geary meet in a Malibu parking lot where the pair appear to communicate through a mediator amid custody battle Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy sweater as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumors Casual look PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy Strolling hand-in-hand Hollywood legend John Hurt dead: Two-time Oscar nominee and Elephant Man actor passes away aged 77 after battling cancer and suffering intestinal complaint Why Jackie O is STILL the First Lady of fashion: A hit film means even more stars trying to copy JFK's widow but they rarely pull it off, says SANDRA HOWARD Mischa Barton says she was drugged while having birthday drinks before meltdown that left her 'screaming about the end of the world' Va va voom! Kendall Jenner sizzles in sheer black gown with thigh-high slit as she leads the stars at Harper's Bazaar event In LA Demi Moore and daughters Tallulah and Scout Willis make for a trio of fashionistas at Harper's Bazaar event Event took place at the Sunset Tower Hotel Revealed: Alan Thicke picked brother over son Robin to care for then-minor son Carter in 2007  The Canadian entertainer died at 69 Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling secretly wed Flashy Nothing to hide! Paris Jackson showcases nipple-piercings as she goes braless in Los Angeles King of Pop's daughter stepped out in LA Bombshell in black and white! Emily Ratajkowski shows off her cleavage in strapless gown for Harper's Bazaar celebration She dazzled 'Two special girls'! Marla Maples shares pointed throwback snap of herself with Ivanka and Tiffany Trump as girls - after Ivanka said she and her stepmother weren't close Red alert! Victoria Justice and Elle Fanning stand out in scarlet at the Harper's Bazaar celebration The two starlets were an arresting sight in red Hilary Duff goes effortlessly chic in double-breasted black pantsuit set at star-studded Harper's Bazaar gala Donned a two-piece black pantsuit Cool customer! EJ Johnson rocks hot pink varsity jacket and Daisy Dukes for spot of shopping  Shopping in Beverly Hills at Saks Fifth Avenue Leggy blonde! Courtney Stodden steps out in platform heels and barely there shorts for lunch in Beverly Hills The reality star wore tiny black shorts  Schuyler Sisters of the hit Broadway musical Hamilton will sing America the Beautiful at Super Bowl 51 In Houston, Texas, on February 5 All that glitters! Julianne Hough bares cleavage in sparkling Zuhair Murad outfit at Harper's BAZAAR 150 Most Fashionable Women event Support system! Paul Rudd joins screenwriter wife Julie at Sundance premiere of their new film Fun Mom Dinner Posed at its world premiere  Bra-vo! Heidi Klum puts on an eye-popping display as she ditches a blouse and opts for a plunging blazer at Harper's Bazaar gala Former Victoria's Secret Angel  David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite Pretty in pattern! Jordana Brewster cuts a stylish figure in a navy and white dress for shopping outing with her son Rowan in Beverly Hills Their love is fantastic! Newly-engaged Kate Mara and Jamie Bell beam while hand-in-hand on outing in LA Brokeback Mountain star Gal pals Kristen Stewart and Chloe Grace Moretz spend THIRD day in a row together at gym in LA The 26-year-old Twilight star  Fresh face: Reese Witherspoon looks radiant after treating herself to retail therapy at skin care store Spotted in Beverly Hills, California  'Summer Is Coming': Kelly Rohrbach sizzles and Priyanka Chopra chills in steamy 'moving posters' for upcoming Baywatch film A series of 'moving poster' videos A hat trick of stars! Alyssa Milano, Jon Hamm and Michael J. Fox shine at NHL 100 Gala The event was at the Microsoft Theater at L.A.  Todd Fisher announces joint public memorial service for sister Carrie and mother Debbie Reynolds It's been a sad few weeks for the Fisher family PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Enjoyed a carefree night out with friends in Los Angeles 'I'm still in shock': Drew Barrymore confesses she's 'not ready' to begin dating...five months after officially divorcing Will Kopelman 'It gets so much worse': RHOA's Kandi Burruss hits back at co-star Porsha Williams over threesome and lesbian rumors  'Drinking a lot of beer and eating a lot of cheeseburgers': Matthew McConaughey talks 21kg (47lbs) weight gain for new role as he transforms his body AGAIN  39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy The 19 Kids And Counting star DJ Khaled, John Legend, and Luke Bryan announced as new advisors on The Voice alongside Celine Dion New line-up is revealed for the show 'He joined the Nazi Party': The Young and the Restless star Eric Braeden reveals details about his German father and long career in new memoir The couple that works together: Alanis Morissette and husband Mario 'Souleye' Treadway team up for wintry Snow Angel music video Buxom Pamela Anderson, 49, rolls back the years as she shows off her famous cleavage in plunging party dress at Paris bash Baywatch babe Turning the tables! Sofia Richie rocks pink jacket as she practises photography skills while out and about in LA She decided to take her turn at the other end of the camera  Welcome to Pippa's wedding of the year: A marquee for 350 in mum and dad's back garden. A Caribbean honeymoon BEFORE the big day. And a naughty best man Anne Hathaway is movie star chic in all black ensemble with dark shades and bold red lip as she steps out in NYC She is 34 She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session Keeping fit That's certainly one way to catch the Royal eye! ROBERT HARDMAN on how the Queen undertook her first public engagement of 2017 with a celebration of all things Fijian 'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear The 19-year-old reality star Quirk it! Melissa George, 40, flaunts shapely pins in bold silver mini dress complete with hot-pink sleeves as she attends awards gala in Paris No time for jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio hits the gym in Victoria's Secret gym gear... just a day after flying from Paris to LA A model's work is never done!  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn She's gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny, to a multi-millionaire  As the Queen opens her secret archive for the first time ROBERT HARDMAN is given exclusive access to astonishing revelations about the real George III EXCLUSIVE: Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for makeout sessions during NYC dinner date Fun family yoga! Coco Austin holds her baby girl in the air while resting on her sister's hands and feet in impressive new Instagram pic 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour She bared her taut legs as she posed for a selfie Pictured: William and Kate get $25,000 yew hedge to give their new palace home some privacy  The royal couple have hired gardeners Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat She let fans glimpse how much work goes into getting ready SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Elizabeth Hurley's favorite photographer, son Damian, 14 He took this picture in the Maldives which she shared on social media Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Sharon Stone, 58, shows off her perfect bikini body in a black two-piece on sunshine break  Looked almost ageless Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbors found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back She died aged 22 Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Out in the Big Apple 'I decided to save my own life': Woman, 44, loses 35 KILOS in two years by running and following an alkaline diet... and she says 'anyone can do it' The 'Oh Yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer $175million but he's never even SEEN the movie You look a bit of a plonker in that, Rodders! Rock star Stewart's new look is a little more UK TV star Del Boy chic, as the French say, than millionaire crooner REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips naked to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap She is covered by just a white sheet Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Reportedly uninvited  Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Paying respects It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym The beautiful 27-year-old British actress Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 Worn by the 65-year-old actor in the 1992 movie A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Posed on the beach Aloha! Amber Rose showcases curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Not one to usually shy away from showing off her eye-popping figure 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She won't return Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in defamation case Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 The Royals actress Paula Patton claims ex Robin Thicke invited his drug dealer to their son's 5th birthday and that he punched her in court documents as she fights for sole custody  Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school students during Malawi charity trip Shed her usual pop star privileges He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles The DNCE frontman  Katherine Webb is accused of 'body shaming' after she shared an image of her son's bare bottom while stating it is the 'only time butt dimples are cute' Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  She died on Wednesday Rapper Chief Keef is arrested at his million-dollar LA home after his former producer accused the artist of 'assaulting and robbing him with an AK-47' Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram She's looking hotter than ever on social media Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-colored bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Crazy for couture! FEMAIL rounds up the girliest one-of-a-kind gowns from Paris Couture Fashion Week and shows you where to shop equally pretty pieces for much less 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photo of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing The beauty shared images of her injuries Make way for Megyn! NBC 'to revamp the Today show and possibly move Hoda and Kathie Lee from their timeslot when Kelly joins the network' 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set Highly anticipated 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik Swift at her sexiest Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander Dominic and Alicia have worked together before Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches in between takes on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl She is yet to confirm they are expecting a second child As Couture Fashion Week comes to a close, FEMAIL breaks down the street style outfits modeled by Bella Hadid, Olivia Palermo and Kendall Jenner  'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears She captioned the pic: '#Legends #BlondesRule #FBF' Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Gideon and Harper were making cupcakes Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Her character will give fans a closer look into Will's timeline Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project in New York City She is in the city shooting bio-pic Can You Ever Forgive Me? Beauty crash course: Kate Hudson's manicurist shares the surprising household items you can use to create on-trend DIY nail looks this weekend  Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for appearance on The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Judy Garland's remains are dug up from her grave in New York and moved to LA 48 years after her death by her daughter Liza Minnelli  'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on 47lbs for new film Gold Nothing says I love you like bondage rope... Gwyneth Paltrow debuts saucy Valentine's gift guide filled with crude jewelry, risque lingerie and organic condoms Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice The Rich Girl hitmaker gushed: 'There's nobody like Celine' City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman Bristol Palin shares snap of herself testing out new pregnancy pillow given to her by her husband and son, just days after she slammed the Women's March Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Spotted in Los Angeles Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage's disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX He gave a glimpse of his battle with baldness on Thursday 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of fine for dangerous cliff diving During a break in filming on Pacific Rim: Uprising Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after the school run Mother of three kids and a successful actress Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Posing on her Snapchat Story in a sheer top In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day out  Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Hotly anticipated movie Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! A pram fit for a king! Pregnant Cheryl and One Direction's Liam Payne get delivery from Royal family favorite company Preparing Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Logan actor hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Funny clip She's got the moves! Steph Curry's adorable daughter Riley, 4, steals the show again with impromptu dab-off at father's high school jersey retirement Rafael Nadal's girlfriend Xisca Perello joins him for the first time at Australian Open and gives him some VERY close support... as he reaches the final 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organized pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks Is this your shady sitcom star? Tom Arnold tweets about 'weather in Africa' as I'm A Celebrity posts silhouette video that matches Roseanne actor PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  Very excited fans Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes her dog for a walk... amid rumors her relationship with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain is over Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live by Night results in $75million loss for Warner Bros Took critical response to Batman v Superman very personally Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North Ultimate bachelorette pad! Mary Tyler Moore's home from her days as Mary Richards goes on sale for $1.7m boasting seven bedrooms, nine bathrooms and SAUNA  Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Shout out to my (other) ex: Perrie Edwards deletes Instagram snap of boyfriend Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain after that nightclub row  Is it over already? Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich, UK Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child, ex Paula Patton and her mother'  Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub Mistakenly named as an Oscar nominee. Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend She took a stroll in West Hollywood Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco Obama is set to cash in on presidency with a reported $20MILLION advance for his memoirs  'Go for more than any president's before it' From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  'Do better!' Lucy Hale is slammed on Twitter after joking about showing off 'baby hairs' in a shoot, prompting many to accuse her of ignorance  Portraits fit for the Queen go up for auction: Pictures of Royals and political leaders by artist who painted Her Majesty while she watched racing on TV  Specs appeal! Baywatch beauty Priyanka Chopra rocks aviator eyeglasses while out in New York City Plays Alex Parrish on the ABC thriller Quantico A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a TV show appearance 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Throwback Thursday! Kristen Bell shares snap of her crying at her 2013 wedding to Dax Shepard The 36-year-old actress wrote: '#tbt to when I cried at our wedding' 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere On the red carpet Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC  She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leaves for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Jetting off 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke Will headline an upcoming ABC thriller  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala Forever associated with his on-screen love affair 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body The 32-year-old reality star  Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  They seem to be serious From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Is it really worth paying £280 for the Switch? MailOnline gives its verdict on Nintendo's latest console While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Did Earth makes its OWN water deep in the mantle? New theory could solve the mystery of our planet's liquid past 47 comments SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      

News Deals Cell Phone Plans Apps & Games Reviews The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Advertise Newsletter VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Huawei Mate 9 Honor Magic Galaxy S7 edge Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: 7 things the Google Play Store does better than the Apple App Store Featuresby Dane O'Leary13 hours ago 15 1500 17 Android or iOS? It’s one of the modern era’s greatest unanswered questions and a point of momentous contention for fanboys on both sides of the fence for thousands of years. Or maybe just the past decade. There are valid arguments that can be made for both sides: Clearly, Apple created a mobile operating system that is incredibly smooth, snappy, and clean. Then again, Android has gotten quite good — Dare I say it? Even attractive — and powers a mind-bogglingly diverse selection of devices. But I’m not here to goad the cries of fanboys the world over. Instead, I’m tackling a much simpler — albeit no less loaded — question. In a feeble attempt to minimize the wrath of followers of Apple fans everywhere, I will address this question as objectively as I can. That question is… In what ways is the Google Play Store better than the Apple App Store? Google Play Store is more developer-friendly From the very beginning, Apple has been extremely (and, for developers, frustratingly) selective about the apps that are allowed on the Apple App Store. The reason for being so selective was basically for quality assurance. Sure enough, iOS apps have surely gained a reputation for working well and being quite polished. As just a single example, Snapchat for iOS is infamously better than the Android version. This reputation for quality has occasionally resulted in certain developers developing iOS apps either exclusively or first; the latter has been the case with the highly-anticipated Super Mario Run, released for iOS in December and yet to be released for Android. For developers, there much less risk that you’ll spend thousands and thousands of hours on development just to have your app denied for inclusion on the Google Play Store. While there’s something to be said for making sure your users get only the best-quality apps, there’s certainly a downside. For app developers, there much less risk that you’ll spend thousands and thousands of hours on app development just to have your app denied for inclusion on the Google Play Store. This has also led to a much more vibrant development community for Android apps. This is not to say there’s a shortage of apps for iOS. Users of both platforms have more than their fair share of apps at their disposal. Perusing the Google Play Store, you’ll find a wide variety of interesting and creative apps. For starters, there are many powerful launchers available with which you can totally change the look of Android, and that’s something you won’t find on the Apple App Store. Then there are apps like Tasker that open up a world of possibilities for automating tasks and processes on Android devices. Granted, not all the apps submitted to the Google Play Store are winners; however, with things like Google Home and Android Auto, it’s not a bad idea to encourage and support innovation in mobile software rather than to homogenize it. Google Play apps are more discoverable Here’s something that you may not have known about the Google Play and Apple App Stores: when you search for an app, you’re somewhat more likely to find what you’re looking for in the Google Play Store than the Apple App Store. Let me explain why. The Google Play Store runs your search queries through basically all the textual information available on an app’s page. For example, you could search the Play Store using a series of keywords or a phrase and the Play Store would scan even the descriptions of apps to find ones that most closely resemble your query. By comparison, the Apple App Store compares your query against the keywords that developers manually enter into a keyword section, which exists specifically for this purpose. This isn’t a problem if your query happens to be one of the keywords for your desired app, but if you’re searching something that’s a bit more specific, you may have a harder time finding the iOS app that fits your needs. Of course, the fact that the Google Play Store has more robust search capabilities probably shouldn’t come as much of a surprise as Google is… you know, Google. See also: Google testing new search suggestions for Play Store apps December 12, 2016 Google Play has the ‘social factor’ Historically, downloading and using apps was something we did individually. We found apps on our own, decided whether to download them on our own and used them on our own. Over time, though, finding and using apps has become more social, at least on the Google Play Store. The Google Play Store has become increasingly social. Seeing who in your network uses an app is like getting personal recommendations from your friends. When you pull up an app’s page in the Google Play Store, certain information is front-and-center. You’ll easily spot the app’s cumulative rating as well as if any of your friends use and recommend the app. If you scroll down a bit, you’ll find commentary that’s been left by your friends and other users. You can filter that commentary so that you’re seeing only those comments by users who use your same device or who are using the most recent version of that app. In effect, it makes discovering and choosing apps a more social experience. Considering that many apps — particularly games — can connect you with other app users, even using apps has become a more social experience. By comparison, finding apps on the Apple App Store is a more solitary experience. There are app reviews, but they’re not front-and-center like on the Google Play Store. Perhaps this is due to the assumption that iOS apps are of a higher quality or because it encourages users to choose apps based on those apps’ merits rather than the opinions of others. However, seeing who in your network uses an app is like getting personal recommendations from your friends. This is useful if, for instance, you’re looking for a new game to download to keep you occupied on a flight or long car ride. Android apps are less expensive To a degree, the higher price of iOS apps is a statement on how much harder it is for developers to get their apps on the Apple App Store versus the more laid-back Google Play Store. If you run a search query on the Play Store for “to-do list”, the number of results you’ll get borders on obscene. Of course, there are the popular ones like Todoist, Wunderlist, and Any.do, but there are hundreds — if not thousands — of others since virtually anyone with the know-how can have their apps available on the Google Play Store. And for this very reason, they’re free to download. Clearly, there’s more competition on the Google Play Store, which is why Android apps tend to either be cheaper or free. Think about it this way: Maybe you’ve made a really great app that many would consider worth its cost, but since there are dozen other apps that offer similar functionality and comparable quality, users are likely to make do with one that’s free. In this case, such competition among apps in the Google Play Store works to the user’s advantages because it makes apps cheaper. Meanwhile, the Apple App Store is more selective about the apps that are accepted; with less competition, developers are able to charge more for the apps because there aren’t as many alternatives. On the development side, developers are better able to monetize their iOS apps without having to riddle them with ads, which has been the downfall of many a promising app in the Google Play Store. So there’s a give-and-take relationship between app cost and the ease with which developers can have their apps included on the Google Play and Apple App Stores. But if you’re someone who doesn’t want to pay for apps — and paying for premium apps surely gets expensive over time — you’re probably better off with Android. See also: How to get a refund for apps purchased from the Google Play Store December 26, 2016 Google Play has a more robust web interface In many ways, the Google Play and Apple App Stores are two sides of the same coin, far more alike than they are different. If you’re an iOS user, you’d surely have no problem picking up an Android, opening the Play Store, and downloading the app of your choosing; the same goes for an Android user with an iPhone. However, a key functional difference between these two app markets becomes apparent when you try to use them via the web browser of a PC or laptop. Pushing app installs to your various Android tablets or phones from the web is much simpler than having to find the app on each device individually. At a glance, much of the same information is available in both places; you can see an app’s name, icon, and a general description displayed prominently on both the Google Play and Apple App Stores. You’ll probably even spot the same screenshots, too. But while the Google Play Store gives you the option to install an app to your Android smartphone or tablet from right there on your web browser, you’ll have to navigate to the app on the Apple App Store on each of your iOS devices in order to actually install it. Being able to install apps on your mobile devices from the web browser on your PC (or Mac) may not seem like a life-changing convenience if you’re an iOS user, but I’d wager that many Android users have grown to really appreciate this Google Play feature. The most obvious use case would be when you click on a link to an app while you’re browsing the web on your desktop; rather than having to track it down on your phone, you can use the web interface of the Google Play Store to have the app installed and waiting for you on your device the next time you pick it up. Pretty neat, right? Google Play provides superior information It might seem odd to say that the Google Play Store offers more info than the Apple App Store after having just said that both app markets offer virtually the same information. That’s still true, but the Google Play Store tends to show a bit more and have that info organized a little better. On the Apple App Store, the only way to experience an app before you download it is via the provided screenshots. The Google Play Store provides screenshots, too, but oftentimes with an accompanying video. Said video can be a commercial made by the app’s developer or a brief recording of the app being used; however, in either case, the video is much better at giving you an idea of what you can expect from the app and even how the app is used. Information also seems to be a bit more organized and easier to read on the Google Play Store. The best way to see this difference is to navigate to an app on both the Google Play and Apple App Stores in separate browser tabs on your PC and compare. You’ll notice that an app’s profile on the Play Store is very linear; the identifying info is at the very top, followed by the “Install” button and the video and/or screenshots. Beneath that, you’ll find the app’s textual information, followed by user reviews and some final details at the bottom, including who developed the app, compatibility info, and when the app was last updated. With the Play Store, everything is in a neat, vertical line, but on the Apple App Store, an app’s information is separated into two columns, a small column on the left and a larger column to the right. Rather than only scrolling up and down to find the info you need, your eyes are darting from side to side, too. And then there’s the fact that an app’s cumulative rating is separated from actual user reviews on the Apple App Store whereas they are a single section in the Play Store. Of course, everyone has his or her own preferences. You might find the double-column layout of the Apple App Store to be more efficient; however, I’d say the simpler organization and ease of navigation of an app’s profile on the Google Play Store is a noteworthy advantage. Google Play apps have broader device compatibility Last but not least, there’s the issue of compatibility, which is decidedly less of an issue for the Google Play Store. As you may be aware, Android OS powers both Google’s smartphones and tablets. Likewise, both iPhones and iPads run iOS. In theory, you might expect this to mean that both the smartphones and tablets on each platform would be able to run the same apps. While this is largely the case for Google, it’s a bit more complicated for iOS devices The entire Google Play Store is your oyster whether you have an Android smartphone or a tablet. Unfortunately, iPad users are a bit more limited.Although many of the staple iOS apps are available for both iPads and iPhones, the ability for an iPad to run an app is contingent on that app having been adapted for use on the iPad’s larger display. However, this isn’t an issue for Android. When you download an app on your Android tablet, one of three things could happen, depending on the app in question and the version of Android your tablet is running. The app will either have been made to be used on both smartphones and tablets (which is the most likely scenario at this point), be automatically scaled-up to fit the larger display, or the app will operate within a smartphone-sized window at the center of the tablet’s display. The vast majority of Android apps are designed for use on both smartphones and tablets rather than one or the other. In short, the entire Google Play Store is your oyster whether you have an Android smartphone or a tablet. Unfortunately, iPad users are a bit more limited, at least for the time being. See also: These are Google Play’s best apps and games of 2016 December 1, 2016 Let me conclude by clarifying that the Apple App Store isn’t without its strengths; I even mentioned several of them over the course of this article. Likewise, even the Google Play Store has its weaknesses. The purpose of this article was not to declare one a winner over the other. Instead, my intent was to merely identify some of the chief differences between the Google Play and Apple App Stores, particularly when it comes to Google’s strengths. But now I’d like to hear from you. Do you agree or disagree with the characteristics I identified as the Google Play Store’s greatest strengths? Do you feel the Google Play Store is actually better than the Apple App Store? If you think the Apple App Store is better overall, why? Leave your thoughts in the comment section below. Features Google Play Store, Apple Apple, Google Play Store Dane O'Leary Dane is one of the newer additions to the Android Authority team and has been featured in many other print and web publications. In addition to writing for Android Authority, Dane maintains his own website and is interested in consumer technology (obviously), travel, web development, and artisanal coffees. Follow him on social media and check out some of his Android Authority articles below.     Deals 88% Unblock All: Lifetime Subscription $313 $39 88% PureVPN: Lifetime Subscription $597 $69 80% Brain.fm: Lifetime Subscription $199.99 $39 Pay What You Want: Learn to Code 2017 Bundle $1,573.00 $35 Show 15 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Bluetooth Speaker soundguys   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2016 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   Honor 6X International Giveaway! 6 days ago2548 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Latest News   Android emoji – everything you need to know 8 hours ago   Deal: Save $400 off a Moto Z with Hasselblad True Zoom Camera 10 hours ago   Squad Wars: Death Division shoots its way into the Google Play Store 10 hours ago   New & upcoming Android phones (January 2017) 11 hours ago   Two unique new games get very meta by being about smartphones 12 hours ago Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Advertise Newsletter Your source for all things Android! About Contact Advertise Newsletter © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
Apple moving international iTunes operations to Ireland | iLounge News iLounge Search NEW NEWS Sort by Category Recent Comments RSS Feed Submit News/Tip Archives Report reveals insights into Apple’s… Apple moving international iTunes operations… HBO GO gets Single Sign-On, TV app integration Apple to join the Partnership on AI (Update:… Apple near deal to begin manufacturing in… iOS 10.3 to improve in-app rating experience,… REVIEWS + ACCESSORIES Recent Reviews Browse by Category iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories Apple Watch Accessories Speakers Headphones HomeKit Accessories Forum iLounge Books & Guides Submit a Product Revogi Smart Lightbulb, Smart Lightstrip,… Audeze iSine10 In-Ear Headphones MOCACARE MOCACuff Connected Blood Pressure… Apple AirPods Elgato Eve Motion Olloclip Core Lens Set for iPhone 7/7 Plus FEATURES Ask iLounge Best of the Year Awards Editorials Features Interviews Tutorials Reports Backstage Top Five: The Best Products for Building… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers… GEAR Apple Watch Bands Bags Batteries Car Mounts Fitness Screen Protectors Just Mobile AluCharge USB Charger Griffin Pencil Sleeve for Apple Pencil Nomad Vulcanized LSR Silicone Strap for Apple… Zivix AirJamz Lutron Pico Remote Control for Audio Crosley Cruiser Deluxe MAC Macs Apps Cases Speakers Cameras Furniture Decor Mounts Extras Zoho Notebook Apple Logic Pro X 10.3 Fingerlab Yuri LG UltraFine 5K Display IK Multimedia MODO BASS OWC Thunderbolt 3 Dock HELP! Help! Links Forums Ask iLounge Tips Tutorials Apple Support Links FAQs iLounge Books & Guides Company Directory Checking Activation Lock Status before purchasing… Sorting Playlists, Songs, and Albums in the… Enabling Star Ratings in the iOS 10.2 Music… Using the Digital Crown to peek at your Apple… Controlling your Home from the Apple TV Disabling App Notifications in CarPlay DEALS iLounge Deals brings our readers exclusive deals on gadgets, iOS accessories, consumer tech software, e-learning, and more, with a wide range of products and new deals added daily. Daily Deal: MailButler Professional, Lifetime… Daily Deal: Private Internet Access VPN,… Daily Deal: Flux 6, Lifetime License Daily Deal: 1Voice Bluetooth 100% Wirefree… Daily Deal: FRESHeBUDS Pro Magnetic Bluetooth… Daily Deal: SelectTV by FreeCast, 1-Yr Subscription GALLERIES FORUMS iPod, iPhone & iPad Problems & Solutions Accessories iTunes & other software Filling Your Device Community Search Forums SHOP ABOUT US The Team Advertise Contact Us Submit App News Submit News News Apple moving international iTunes operations to Ireland By Jesse Hollington @jhollington ● 14 hours ago Photo: Reuters/Michael MacSweeney Apple is planning to move its international iTunes operations to Ireland in early February, AppleInsider reports. Apple announced to developers this week that Apple Distribution International will be transferring the iTunes business — which includes the iTunes Store, Apple Music, App Store, and iBooks Store for over 100 countries — to Cork, Ireland on Feb. 5. Apple’s overseas iTunes operations have been based in Luxembourg since 2004. Apple has been working to streamline the transition for content owners since last fall, transferring contracts to the new Irish holding company, and making arrangements for special exporter status in Ireland, which — among other things — means apps made by developers in Ireland will be free or Irish VAT. The transfer is estimated to involve approximately $9 billion in assets, and are no doubt connected to many of the other business projects that Apple has been building within Ireland over the past year. Comments « Report reveals insights into Apple’s HomeKit strategy and vendor requirements HBO GO gets Single Sign-On, TV app integration » Related Stories Report reveals insights into Apple’s HomeKit strategy and vendor requirements Apple to join the Partnership on AI (Update: formally announced) Dropcam co-founder Greg Duffy joins Apple Apple files lawsuit against Qualcomm in Beijing Apple near deal to begin manufacturing in India iOS 10.3 to improve in-app rating experience, allow developers to respond to App Store reviews Subscribe to iLounge Weekly Recent News Report reveals insights into Apple’s HomeKit strategy and vendor requirements Apple moving international iTunes operations to Ireland HBO GO gets Single Sign-On, TV app integration Apple to join the Partnership on AI (Update: formally announced) Dropcam co-founder Greg Duffy joins Apple Apple files lawsuit against Qualcomm in Beijing Apple near deal to begin manufacturing in India iOS 10.3 to improve in-app rating experience, allow developers to respond to App Store reviews Apple releases first iOS 10.3, tvOS 10.2 betas Pokémon Duel released for iOS Recent Reviews Revogi Smart Lightbulb, Smart Lightstrip, Smart Candle + Smart Meter Plug Audeze iSine10 In-Ear Headphones MOCACARE MOCACuff Connected Blood Pressure Monitor Apple AirPods Elgato Eve Motion Olloclip Core Lens Set for iPhone 7/7 Plus Logitech Pop Home Switch Starter Pack Elgato Eve Light Switch iHome iPLWBT5 Docking Clock Radio for iPhone and Apple Watch Brydge 12.9 iPad Pro Keyboard Recent Articles Top Five: The Best Products for Building a Smart Home with HomeKit Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of watchOS 3 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of tvOS 10 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of iOS 10 Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced Computer Vision Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers ‘clarity and simplicity’ Inside the betas: iOS 10 Maps gets a major redesign Inside the betas: iOS 10 shakes up the user experience Inside the betas: watchOS 3 promises a real speed boost Inside the betas: A sneak peek at what’s new in tvOS 10 Win Subscribe Buy ADVERTISE | CONTACT US Search Sign up for the iLounge Weekly Newsletter iLounge is an independent resource for all things iPod, iPhone, iPad, and beyond. iPod, iPhone, iPad, iTunes, Apple TV, Mac, and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc. iLounge is © 2001 - 2017 iLounge, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy

CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Networking Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Phones Printers Software Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español CNET Mobile HBO Go latest to jump on Apple single sign-on: 'Westworld' bingeing, here we come! HBO Go latest to jump on Apple single sign-on: 'Westworld' bingeing, here we come! Now you don't have to keep typing in your login info to watch your favorite HBO shows. Mobile by Gordon Gottsegen January 27, 2017 10:54 AM PST Up Next Meet Jon Hamm, the hologram (aka the holohamm) Now you can watch more cool stuff. Sarah Tew/CNET Fire up your Apple TV; it's time to rewatch all of "Westworld." Apple has now added HBO Go to its list of TV streamers compatible with Apple's single sign-on feature. (See them all here.) Drafting HBO Go to the lineup is potentially a big step. Previously, single sign-on (SSO) was compatible with streams from networks like ABC, Telemundo, ESPN, and Food Network, but HBO is the first premium cable channel to join the circus. We're hoping more get added to the list. When single sign-on was first announced last June, TV watchers rejoiced. SSO allows you to input your cable login information just once on your iOS or TV OS devices, and -- boom! -- you're granted access to all available TV content. Anyone who's had to type in their account and password hundreds of times using an Apple TV remote can tell you how much that process sucks. Unfortunately, it took a year and a half to actually see the feature make its way to Apple TVs and iPads. Since then, compatible streaming apps have been coming in slowly. Hopefully, HBO Go's entrance signals a changing of the tide. If you're signed into SSO and you're an HBO customer, you should already be logged in to the HBO Go app. If you need help setting up single sign-on, check out the CNET guide to get started. And if you need ideas for what to stream, CNET also has you covered. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Mobile Media Streamers TV OS HBO 10 Design 9 Ecosystem 9 Features 10 Performance CNET Review Apple TV (2015) The latest Apple TV box is about half a year old, and since it first appeared the company has been hard at work adding apps, fixing pain points, and making Siri a better listener. Check out all the updates here. $139.20 See it Related Stories How to get a free data plan for your tablet 9 tips every Uber addict should know 6 ways to repurpose an old iPhone Get a full year of Mint SIM phone service for $159.20 Close   Discuss: HBO Go latest to jump on Apple single sign-on:... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Meet Jon Hamm, the hologram (aka the holohamm) Scientists create human-pig hybrid Researchers at the Salk Institute have created something that could lead to human tissue production one day. by Iyaz Akhtar 1:19 Doomsday Clock adjusts, Ford issues two recalls Today's biggest tech headlines include a chilling move on the Doomsday Clock, a Samsung Galaxy S8 release date rumor and recalls for two of Ford's more popular vehicles. by Ashley Esqueda Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters Enterprises Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading Race for the ‘smart home’ rising between Apple, Amazon and Google  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Good Eating Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics Chief executive election 2017 Macroscope The View Inside Out & Outside In The Insider Donald Trump Money Matters China: Around The Nation South China Sea: Hague case Cathay Pacific Jake's View A-shares Brexit Sino-Japanese relations Hong Kong weather Rodrigo Duterte Sino-US relations #SoHongKong China Briefing Hongcouver Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Tech›Enterprises Apple Apple Race for the ‘smart home’ rising between Apple, Amazon and Google Price in the contest is the connected household PUBLISHED : Saturday, 28 January, 2017, 1:55am UPDATED : Saturday, 28 January, 2017, 1:55am Comments:   Reuters Share PrintEmail Related topics Apple Amazon.Com Google Related Articles Leaders & Founders Apple shares again a Wall Street darling as punters pile in 28 Jan 2017 Enterprises Apple sues Qualcomm in Beijing court for 1 bln yuan 26 Jan 2017 Leaders & Founders Apple files US$1 bln lawsuit against Qualcomm over royalties 21 Jan 2017 In less than a year, Amazon’s combination of the Echo speaker system and the Alexa voice-controlled digital assistant has come close to delivering on the elusive promise of easy-to-use technology that can control gadgets in the home with a few spoken words. Yet Amazon.com’s surprise success sets up a long-term battle with Apple and Alphabet’s Google for primacy in the connected household. And the contours of that competition are following a classic tech industry dynamic. Amazon’s Alexa is the talk of CES 2017, as gadget makers rush out voice-activated machines for the smart home Amazon is pursuing an open-systems approach that allows quick development of many features, while Apple is taking a slower route, asserting more control over the technology in order to assure security and ease-of-use. The strategic importance of the “connected home” niche looms large: Amazon wants a way to own its customer interactions -mainly shopping online - without an Apple phone or a Google Web browser as an intermediary. Apple needs to keep the iPhone at the centre of customers’ lives, and has built a whole home automation architecture, called Homekit, into its smartphone. Google, for its part, is investing heavily in both intelligent assistant software and home-automation devices like the Nest thermostats and, more recently, the Google Home speaker. But Google is behind in the race, with its speaker only hitting the market in November and compatible with a handful of gadgets beyond Nest and Dropcam, which the company also owns. “When the iPhone rolled out in 2007, everyone developed for that. Right now, everyone is developing for the voice-activated Internet,” said Mark Mahaney, an analyst and managing director with RBC Capital Markets. Mahaney estimates Amazon sold as many as 10 million Alexa-enabled devices over the holiday season. Google hasn’t disclosed sales for its Home speaker. Apple has declined to comment on reports that it has a voice-activated speaker in the works. How Hong Kong’s smart home inventions will change our lives Apple spokeswoman Trudy Muller said the company is leading the industry by being the first to integrate home automation into a major platform with iOS 10. “The number of HomeKit-compatible accessories continues to grow rapidly with many exciting solutions announced just this month,” she said. For the smart home, the key developer partners are the makers of household devices ranging from lighting systems to refrigerators. There are currently about 250 devices that are certified to work with Alexa, and Amazon has encouraged rapid development of third-party applications with its open-systems approach and even financial incentives for some partners. Apple’s Homekit, by contrast, has about 100 certified devices. And the reasons behind that gap show both the risks and the potential rewards of Apple’s approach. To be Homekit-certified, gadget makers must include special chips to work with Apple’s system. Developers that order small volumes of the chips say they can cost an 50 US cents to US$2, though prices are lower for larger buyers. Apple also requires developers to buy specific WiFi and Bluetooth networking chips that cost more than competitors. Smart homes and smart appliances are the new household trend The devices have to be made in special factories that are certified by Apple. A confidential Apple document obtained by Reuters lists more than 800 of these factories, but only a few specialise in home automation products. Developers can ask Apple to certify an unlisted factory they want to use. But the limited selection means that device makers can’t always get the best prices or work with their preferred factories. The founder of one startup that considered pursuing HomeKit approval for a device that helps control home temperatures said the company picked a factory with 40,000 employees that was making well known “Star Wars” toys, but it couldn’t use that factory for HomeKit products. “They’re a huge company, a legitimate manufacturer that makes tech household brands. And yet they’re not certified,” said the founder, who declined to speak on the record because of non-disclosure agreements with Apple. Manufacturers also have to send product samples to Cupertino, where Apple tests them extensively for compatibility. The whole process can take three to five months. During that time, device makers aren’t allowed to say publicly that they’re pursuing HomeKit certification. Some developers say it’s worth it. “They found issues with our product before we released it that we didn’t find in our testing,” said Gimmy Chu, CEO of Nanoleaf, a smart lighting system. “We know that after we have the certification that it’s rock solid.” Alexa, by contrast, only requires smart home companies to write software code and submit it to Amazon for review. There are no special chips. To earn the “Works with Alexa” label -which isn’t required to function with Alexa but does help promote products on Amazon’s website - startups must have their products physically tested. Amazon does allow that to happen in a third-party lab, however. Once those certifications are in hand, Amazon says it will decide whether or not a device gets the “Works with Alexa” label within 10 days. Apple’s approach has some clear advantages when it comes to privacy, security and ease-of-use. HomeKit gadgets, for example, can operate without being connected to the Internet. An iPad or Apple TV connected to the Internet is required if you want to control devices when you’re outside the house. “It also makes for a better user experience,” notes Ahmed Abdallah, a senior engineer at Incipio, which makes HomeKit-compatible devices such as electrical outlets. “You’ll experience some latency if you’re always having to bounce off the cloud” as with Alexa. Apple also has an advantage around setup. iPhone owners open up the Home app and set up a device with just a few taps. With Alexa, customers have to download the gadget’s companion app first, set up the device, then add a “skill” to Alexa in the Alexa app. Apple’s ease of setup lured in some big brands like Hunter Fan Company, the top-selling ceiling fan maker in the US. “If that experience isn’t good, it has a strong negative halo on the brand because customers just assume the product is bad,” said John Neilson, the company’s chief marketing officer. Amazon acknowledges that unlike Apple, it can’t guarantee the security of third-party devices. A company spokeswoman did note that sensitive commands like unlocking doors have an extra layer of security such as a voice-controlled PIN. Still, it’s not clear whether Apple’s elaborate but slow-to-develop system will have enough advantages to overcome Amazon’s widening lead. “The danger I see for Apple and the home is they’re assuming that because I have a smartphone that may be an Apple device, that alone is enough of a Trojan horse to establish their mindshare,” said Andreas Stavropoulos, a partner at venture capital firm DFJ. “I wouldn’t say that’s certain yet.”   Most Popular Viewed 1 China tightens Great Firewall, outlawing unauthorised VPNs 2 Hard times ahead for China’s economy, says Alibaba’s Jack Ma 3 US$15 million computer system to tackle cybersecurity 4 Alibaba’s shares rise on higher full-year revenue forecast 5 China sets up 100 billion yuan state fund to invest in the internet Shared 1 China tightens Great Firewall, outlawing unauthorised VPNs 2 Prepare for robotics, AI to worsen the backlash of globalisation 3 Internet+ turning into a buzzword in China 4 Hard times ahead for China’s economy, says Alibaba’s Jack Ma 5 China sets up 100 billion yuan state fund to invest in the internet Commented 1 Chinese singles pay triple for fake partners over Lunar New Year 2 Upturn in hiking in Hong Kong also has a downside 3 The 10 best nuts to eat and why they’re so good for you 4 Top 10 most recommended Hong Kong restaurants 5 Doctors save woman by removing her lungs for six days Promotions Register for a free copy of Home Essentials 2017 now       You may also like World Trump taps ex-Hong Kong businessman for US Navy secretary 26 Jan 2017 - 10:14pm 7 Smart-home kits keep pet owners connected In partnership with: HKT PREMIER Hong Kong Canadian Chinese man loses bid to help son acquire HK passport 26 Jan 2017 - 9:26am 14 High-density 3D imaging makes 3D photos and videos available to all Sponsored by: The Hong Kong Polytechnic University Hong Kong Joshua Wong hopes Netflix airing of film will raise awareness 26 Jan 2017 - 12:23am 56 China Millions on the move in China’s Lunar New Year rush 25 Jan 2017 - 3:04pm 3 Hong Kong Hong Kong denies Beijing role in seizure of Singaporean troop carriers 26 Jan 2017 - 4:13pm 72 China invests billions in the US ... who gets the most? 25 Jan 2017 - 1:36pm 2 Geopolitics Hong Kong to return seized armoured vehicles to Singapore 25 Jan 2017 - 12:24pm 87 China How does China’s ‘One Belt, One Road’ match up against the TPP? 24 Jan 2017 - 11:17pm 3 China China tightens Great Firewall, outlawing unauthorised VPNs 23 Jan 2017 - 11:26pm 26 Lifestyle Lunar New Year feng shui: how to decorate your home Jan 25th 2017, 5:42pm South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2017 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Apple and Amazon Adopt Opposing Strategies as Smart Home War Heats Up – Mac Rumors Posted on January 27, 2017 by Mac Rumors Apple has been in the smart home market for over two years, having introduced its HomeKit framework in the fall of 2014 alongside iOS 8, but HomeKit has been slow to get off the ground because of the company’s strict requirements. Amazon, meanwhile … Apple demands specially-certified chips & factories for HomeKit devices, report saysAppleInsider (press release) (blog) Apple’s strategy in the ‘smart home’ race is threatened by AmazonBusiness Insider Alexa, Stop Making Life Miserable for Anyone With a Similar Name!Wall Street Journal Fox News -Christian Science Monitor -Chicago Tribune -GeekWire all 50 news articles …read more wrote 25641 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News Snapchat will file for IPO next week – VentureBeat FBI request for Twitter account data may have overstepped legal guidelines – Reuters Trump’s unsecure Android phone highlights common security dilemma – CIO Snapchat to Reveal Financials Within a Week – Fortune Snapchat to reveal financials within a week: sources – Reuters Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Apple collaborates with rivals to advance AI research – Computerworld Posted on January 27, 2017 by Computerworld Apple has joined rivals as it takes a step to advance research and development of artificial intelligence technologies. After months of collaborating, Apple is joining the Partnership on A.I., with other founding members including Google, IBM … Apple officially named as founding member of Partnership for AI, Siri founder named to boardAppleInsider (press release) (blog) Apple Joins Tech Rivals in AI Research GroupWall Street Journal (blog) Apple joins Partnership on AI to hang with likes of Amazon, Google, Microsoft, FacebookZDNet TechCrunch -Mashable -GeekWire -Business Insider all 75 news articles …read more wrote 25641 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News Snapchat will file for IPO next week – VentureBeat FBI request for Twitter account data may have overstepped legal guidelines – Reuters Trump’s unsecure Android phone highlights common security dilemma – CIO Snapchat to Reveal Financials Within a Week – Fortune Snapchat to reveal financials within a week: sources – Reuters Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
Search PROFIT Small Business Startup Management Financing Human Resources Innovation International Trade Leadership Sales & Marketing Strategy & Operations Technology Success Stories Opportunity Prosper Rankings PROFIT 500 STARTUP 50 PROFIT W100 Best Places for Business Events P500 CEO Summit Current Issue Subscribe Home•Management•Leadership Why Canadian CEOs Are More Chicken Than They Think There’s a troubling disconnect between how leaders perceive their companies and the objective reality. The facts show they're more cautious than courageous James Cowan || January 27, 2017 Topics Risk Management, Decision-Making, Growth Print Email Comment Share: Illustration: iStock In early September, an Apple executive described a shift in the firm’s product line with a word usually associated with war heroes and disaster survivors. The firm was ditching the headphone jack on its new iPhone, said marketing chief Phil Schiller. “The reason to move on: courage,” he explained. “The courage to move on to do something new that betters us all.” Online ridicule of the boast came swiftly. But Schiller’s mistake wasn’t claiming bravery, it was bragging about it. Altering the design of Apple’s most popular product did require courage, particularly when a backlash was guaranteed. The corporation has a history of making daring bets; it faced a similar consumer uprising for abandoning disk drives. The annals of American business are filled with these tales, from IBM selling its PC division, to Netflix making the leap into video streaming. In comparison to these Yankee neighbours, Canadian firms can look downright cowardly. That isn’t a generalization but an empirical fact. A 2011 study by Deloitte found Canadian executives to be far more risk-averse than their U.S. counterparts. A follow-up study released this fall confirmed we’re a milquetoast nation. The management consultancy surveyed 1,200 business leaders across the country, probing them on their tolerance for calculated risk and challenging the status quo. They concluded only 11% of Canadian firms could be considered “courageous,” while another 30% were headed that way. Such bravery eluded most respondents, however, with 43% classified as “hesitant” and another 15% viewed as “fearful.” Canadian firms “shy away from making key investments and executing dynamic strategies,” the study concluded. This reluctance hurts them. Seven in 10 of the courageous firms saw revenues increase last year, compared with less than half of the fearful ones. Most worrisome, the executives didn’t realize they have the hearts of chickens. More than 40% of those surveyed identified their companies as “courageous,” four times the number that met the researchers’ standard. There are practical steps that any organization can pursue to make itself bold. Courageous companies invest in R&D and offer incentives to employees who take chances, rather than punishing calculated risks that lead to failure. They also encourage engagement between groups, whether it’s executives connecting with employees or the company as a whole interacting with its community. Bravery means not being afraid to hear about shortcomings. These practices can help a company build its courage. But it ultimately comes down to the character of its leaders. Writing in 1963, management consultant Peter Drucker observed the best executive “had the courage to go through with logical decisions—despite the all pleas to give this or that product one more chance, despite all the specious alibis.” You can create a checklist for a product launch, but “I know of no checklist for managerial courage,” Drucker said. It takes a leader to say “Jump,” or “Fire,” or “Stop.” James Cowan is the editor-in-chief of Canadian Business. MORE LEADERSHIP QUALITIES: The 5 Essential Traits of Successful Entrepreneurs » What Your Employees Need From You » How to Overcome Your Private Self-Doubt » The Essential Qualities of an Effective Leader » Why Passion is for Punks » Subscribe to our e-newsletter Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow us on LinkedIn Print Email Comment Share: Directory Learn more about Canada’s Best Places for Business 2016 Photo gallery Damn Good Advice from the 2016 PROFIT 500 On… BusinessCast 3 Tips to Make Your Firm Economically Agnostic Loading comments, please wait. Latest From James Cowan How After-Work Drinks Could Make Your Team More Productive What You Can Learn About Modern Business From Loblaw Why Professional Development Isn’t Working For All Your Employees James Cowan || All experts Connect Newsletter Twitter Facebook LinkedIn RSS Twitter Contact Us About Us Magazine Archives Canadianbusiness.com © 1998-2017 Rogers Media Inc. All rights reserved. Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Apple patents a vaporizer - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Social Stream Prep Champs Get Apps Text Alerts NFL PlayOff Schedule LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV Football CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World The Insider Real Estate Election Get Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Get Apps School closings See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data Prep Champs Text Alerts Football Pro Football Challenge Win tickets to a Sabres/Penguins Game Nascar Schedule NFL Football Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday Pro Football Challenge WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV See It, Shoot It The Insider Football Text Alerts Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Get Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Apple patents a vaporizer Posted: Friday, January 27, 2017 1:33 PM EST Updated: Friday, January 27, 2017 2:34 PM EST Apple's product lineup may extend beyond cars and the connected home. A patent filed last year and published January 26 reveals a concept for a vaporizer. By Selena Larson SAN FRANCISCO (CNNMoney) -- Apple's product lineup may extend beyond cars and the connected home. A patent filed last year and published January 26 reveals a concept for a vaporizer. The details are a bit hazy -- that is, Apple's patent only describes "a substance that is to be vaporized or sublimated into a vapor," not what the substance might be. The patent, filed by Apple employee Tetsuya Ishikawa, outlines plans for a temperature-regulated plate inside a chamber that heats up a substance to form a vapor. Many people use vapes to inhale nicotine or marijuana, and they are sometimes used as a replacement for cigarettes. The FDA began regulating vaping last year, and set rules for the manufacturing and distribution of vapes and their components. Vaporizers are also used in industries like healthcare and agriculture, so it's possible Apple is thinking bigger than personal use. But if Apple's future plans include making vapes for recreation, it would likely mean big corporations are getting into the weed business. Apple did not respond to a request for more information. The U.S. is slowly becoming more amenable to recreational and medical marijuana. California voted to legalize recreational weed in November 2016. Apple is headquartered in Cupertino, California. Of course, this is just a patent. The vaporizer joins Apple's patented inventions including a foldable phone and a wraparound iPhone screen, neither of which we've seen in product form. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Portfolio Watchlist Markets Inside the Market Funds & ETFs Investment Ideas Personal Finance Retirement Number Cruncher Strategy Lab Carrick Talks Money Research Reports Home» Globe Investor» Investment Ideas The Apple store is seen on the day of the new iPhone 7 smartphone launch in Los Angeles, Calif. (© Lucy Nicholson / Reuters) The Apple store is seen on the day of the new iPhone 7 smartphone launch in Los Angeles, Calif. (© Lucy Nicholson / Reuters) Apple shares back in vogue as Wall Street bets on iPhone surge Add to ... Noel Randewich SAN FRANCISCO — Reuters Published Friday, Jan. 27, 2017 7:09AM EST Last updated Friday, Jan. 27, 2017 1:50PM EST Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Wall Street has regained an appetite for Apple as investors bet that the release of a 10th-anniversary iPhone and pent up customer demand will shore up shrinking sales. The largest component of the S&P 500, Apple remained a core holding of Wall Street throughout a decline in the stock in the first half of last year. But a recent rebound and speculation about an expected new phone have kindled additional investor interest. Apple’s 15-per cent rally since mid-November pushed the stock to levels not seen in more than a year and boosted over 100 mutual funds that became shareholders in recent quarters. The gains have come even as Apple struggles with slow global demand for smartphones, made worse by consumers in key growth regions like China and India preferring Android devices selling for under $200. The stock is up 36 per cent from lows in May of last year, when it was plagued by worries about iPhone sales, which fell in 2016 for the first time. The shares are now down 8 per cent from a record high close in February 2015. Many on Wall Street expect Apple, which reports its fiscal first-quarter results on Tuesday, to mark the 10th anniversary of the iPhone this year with a dramatically improved model. Apple has not disclosed details, but analysts have speculated about potential new features including better haptic technology, wireless charging and a curved display that many believe will attract consumers who have begun to lose interest in smartphones. “We think this is going to be a pretty solid launch, a really big one,” said Brian Hennessey, portfolio manager of the Alpine Dynamic Dividend Fund, whose largest holding is Apple. “I think even the bears would probably suggest that this product that’s coming out is going to be pretty interesting and hard to ignore.” The number of mutual funds reporting they became Apple shareholders in recent quarterly filings has jumped by 188 per cent to 288, while the number of mutual funds liquidating their Apple holdings dropped by 25 per cent to 154, according to Morningstar. Strong sales of the iPhone 6S two years ago have arguably left a larger-than-normal base of customers now ready to upgrade to new devices in what several analysts have describe as a “supercyle.” Citing recent supply and demand checks, Morgan Stanley analyst Katy Huberty on Jan. 16 cut her estimate for December-quarter iPhone shipments to 75 million units from 79 million, and she warned that Apple would likely give March-quarter guidance below investors’ expectations. But confident about pent up demand, Huberty raised her iPhone estimates for the fiscal year starting in October and said Apple remains a top pick. Apple’s recent stock gain makes the success of its next iPhone all the more crucial, said Trip Miller, managing partner of hedge fund Gullane Capital. Attracted to the healthy balance sheet and a price/earnings multiple that is low versus the S&P 500’s average, the fund added to an existing Apple stake after the stock swooned last year. Apple currently makes up about 5 per cent of its portfolio, Miller said. Apple is rushing to expand music streaming and other services that provide recurring revenues in a bid to offset lackluster iPhones sales, which still account for 60 per cent of total revenue. “They really need to have a big value-add in the next product they come out with,” Miller said. Also sounding a cautious note, Barclays analyst Mark Moskowitz downgraded Apple on Jan. 24 to “equal weight” from “overweight,” warning that this year’s new iPhones may not entice consumers increasingly content to keep their devices for three or four years, instead of two or three. Apple’s recent rally has left its stock trading at 12.9 times expected earnings, pricier than its five-year average of about 12.0 times expected earnings but far cheaper than the S&P 500’s multiple of 17.2 times earnings, according to Thomson Reuters Datastream. After three consecutive quarters of declines, Apple in the December-quarter is expected by analysts to report a 2-per cent increase in revenue to $77.4-billion, according to Thomson Reuters data. Revenue for fiscal 2017 is expected by analysts to grow 5.5 per cent, recovering some of last year’s 7.7 per cent decline. Report Typo/Error   AAPL-QApple Inc Latest Price$121.95 +0.01 (+0.01%) Updated January 27 4:15 PM EST. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. More Related to this Story Canada’s competition watchdog closes two-year Apple probe Samsung warns of political risks as chips boost profit EU antitrust regulators welcome Amazon, Apple audiobook deal Topics Technology S&P Company China India Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} In the know News Celebrate the year of the rooster with the best Chinese dishes Vancouver has to offer Sports Unusually large crop of rookies driving Leafs’ surprising success Life Five reasons to never do crunches again ROB Magazine The real reason house prices in Toronto are soaring real estate Fort St. John, B.C., mansion raises eyebrows with unusual listing The Globe Recommends {{title}} Most popular videos » News Presidential or dangerously erratic? John Ibbitson on week one of Trump's presidency Video Video: Kenneth Irving opens up about his battle with depression and the path to wellness Globe Drive The iconic VW microbus is back, but is it just a diversion? Globe Drive The 11 cars worth waiting for in 2017 Life Chef Basics: This seafood stew is a dish to enjoy any season Life Gender takes a back stage to makeup and manicures for some young Japanese men Report on Business Take an aerial tour of Fort Hills, the latest oil sands megaproject Globe Drive Put snow chains on your tires with the push of a button News Trump signs order for rebuilding of military, vetting of refugees News Rona Ambrose calls Liberal cash-for-access law a 'smokescreen' Life Video: The secret life of New York's pet pigs Globe Drive The three stand-out cars at the Detroit auto show ◀ ● ● ● ▶ Highlights Report on Business How five companies broke out from the pack Globe Investor Reasons why you should not bank on an inheritance More from The Globe and Mail Globe Investor Six dividend-growth stocks for your RRSP Life Include these foods and supplements in your vegan or plant-based diet Most popular Jan. 28: Your daily horoscope NDP Leader Tom Mulcair denounces Trump, calls him a ‘fascist’ Elephant Man, Midnight Express actor John Hurt dead at 77 Invest Like a Legend 2017: Ten legends reveal how to make money in the coming year How does Manitoba Premier Brian Pallister spend his working holiday in Costa Rica? X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Globe Investor is part of The Globe and Mail's Report on Business Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Toggle search box Toggle navigation Home News Amazon Microsoft Startups Space Science Sports Tech Cloud Tech – presented by Salesforce Geek Life Podcast Apple Google Impact Series Real Estate App of the Week Geek of the Week Startup Spotlight Geek Home of the Week by Realogics Sotheby’s Working Geek – presented by Smartsheet Tech Moves Launch Pads Jobs Events GeekWire Events Community Calendar Resources Memberships Health Benefits Startup Resources Startup List GeekWire 200 Seattle Engineering Centers Startup Spaces GeekWire Store Community Calendar Deals About About GeekWire Email Newsletters Contact Us Advertise Sponsors Reprints & Permissions Search for: LATEST POPULAR Following Trump’s lead, Pentagon orders reviews of Air Force One, F-35 fighter jets Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella: How Azure will fend off Amazon Web Services in the enterprise Week in Geek: Microsoft takes on the DOJ, inside Amazon’s giant post-holiday party, and more Pentagon awards $2.1 billion contract to Boeing for more KC-46 tanker aircraft Could Washington state rule the Internet of Things? Maybe, but there are challenges Video: GeekWire predicts 2017’s top tech trends on New Day NW Microsoft design guru explains why originality is ‘vastly overrated’ 50 years after Apollo 1 fire, NASA exhibits fatal artifacts in Florida for the first time Photos: Amazonians storm the ‘Game of Thrones’ Iron Throne — with dogs, bananas and dragons, too Tostitos bag tells you when you’ve had too much to drink and calls an Uber in Super Bowl campaign Geek of the Week: Data scientist Muhammad Ahmad’s many pursuits include AI, art and simulations of dead people Newly appointed FCC chairman announces order to roll back portion of net neutrality rules SpaceX adds a big new lab to its satellite development operation in Seattle area Apple, ACLU join partnership to research artificial intelligence, create best practices NFL legend Joe Montana is launching his own virtual reality football game Google CEO on competition with Amazon Echo and Alexa: Don’t count us out yet Report: Amazon and PayPal have discussed payments partnership, PayPal CEO says Microsoft’s market value surges past $500B for first time in nearly 17 years Trump announces Manufacturing Jobs Initiative; Boeing’s Muilenburg, Tesla’s Musk to join council Inside GoDaddy’s rapidly growing Seattle-area engineering office, with CEO Blake Irving How Amazon parties: Inside the tech giant’s massive post-holiday celebration and concert Amazon Web Services’ secret weapon: Its custom-made hardware and network Amazon makes Oscars history with streaming industry’s first-ever Best Picture nomination Shocked by Trump win, Seattle tech vets start news site ‘Presterity,’ using facts to foil new president How Seattle’s office market became a ‘modern day gold rush’ thanks to Amazon and other tech giants UW spinout KenSci raises $8.5M for machine learning platform that predicts which patients will get sick SpaceX adds a big new lab to its satellite development operation in Seattle area Boeing hints that it’ll unveil its Starliner spacesuits – and maybe who’ll wear them Obama: Amazon is ‘killing traditional retail,’ and ‘relentless’ automation is the real threat to jobs EPA and USDA are latest targets of Trump’s social media gag orders Should online poker really be a crime? High school math teacher makes case for legalization Funny video: Amazon Echo misunderstands young boy, accidentally talks about porn Elon Musk drops hints about Donald Trump, a carbon tax … and an L.A. tunnel? What did Trump say now? Oh, it’s just a great new Bad Lip Reading video from Inauguration Day In surprise move, Tesla head Elon Musk tweets that Rex Tillerson could be ‘excellent’ Secretary of State Amazon to add 100,000 full-time U.S. jobs in next 18 months, growing domestic workforce 55 percent Hey, Seattle: Stop being so humble and tout your city’s innovative companies More than 8M people own an Amazon Echo as customer awareness increases ‘dramatically’ Redfin moves into mortgages, will issue home loans in latest bid to upend real estate industry Microsoft counters Chromebooks in schools with new ‘Intune for Education’ service and sub-$200 PC Trending: SpaceX adds a big new lab to its satellite development operation in Seattle area Apple, ACLU join partnership to research artificial intelligence, create best practices by Jillian Stampher on January 27, 2017 at 10:10 amJanuary 27, 2017 at 10:10 am Comments  1 Share  11 Tweet Share  4 Reddit Email Read GeekWire's weekly sports newsletter! (Via Michal Bednarek / Bigstock) When industry leaders launched a non-profit organization in September to create best practices for artificial intelligence, one company was notably missing. On Friday, the Partnership on AI announced that Apple had joined as a founding member. The organization, which will publish research on the ethics, transparency and reliability of AI, among other things, was initially made up of tech giants Amazon, Microsoft, Facebook, Google and IBM. Though Apple collaborated with the partnership since before it was announced last year, it wasn’t officially a member until now. Tom Gruber, Apple’s head of advance development of Siri, will represent the company. “We’re glad to see the industry engaging on some of the larger opportunities and concerns created with the advance of machine learning and AI,” Gruber said. “We believe it’s beneficial to Apple, our customers, and the industry to play an active role in its development and look forward to collaborating with the group to help drive discussion on how to advance AI while protecting the privacy and security of consumers.” The partnership also announced six independent members will join the board of trustees. The members range from academic leaders and AI researchers to human rights advocates. In addition to creating best practices for AI, the partnership hopes to advance public perception of the technology. By diversifying the board, the group said it is working to find a balance between corporate and not-for-profit members. ACLU of Massachusetts holds one of the new board positions. Executive Director Carol Rose, who will sit on the board, said the Partnership on AI is important to ensure artificial intelligence is “developed in ways that enhance, rather than threaten, human rights and civil liberties.” The Partnership on AI will hold its first meeting on Feb. 3 in San Francisco, after which it plans to announce the initial areas of research it will undertake. Jillian Stampher is a journalist based out of Seattle with a focus on breaking news reporting and digital media. She previously worked as an editor and social media manager at NBC’s Breaking News mobile app and studied journalism at the University of Washington. Reach her at jillian@geekwire.com or @jillianstampher. Early-bird tickets on sale now for the GeekWire Bash! Tickets are now on sale for our biggest event of the year: The GeekWire Anniversary Bash on March 15th. We’ll be bringing back the ping-pong paddles, dodgeball courts, foosball tables, beer pong, video games, arcades, sumo wrestling, cornhole, and MORE at Seattle’s biggest, geekiest tech party. Get your tickets today!   Comments 1 Share  11 Tweet Share  4 Reddit Email Previous StoryNFL legend Joe Montana is launching his own virtual reality football game Next StorySpaceX adds a big new lab to its satellite development operation in Seattle area Filed Under: Tech  Tagged With: ACLU • Apple • artificial intelligence GeekWire Newsletters Subscribe to GeekWire's free newsletters to catch every headline Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Send Us a Tip Have a scoop that you'd like GeekWire to cover? Let us know. Send Us a Tip See MoreGeekWire Events Related Stories Amazon, Microsoft, Facebook, Google and IBM launch Partnership on AI to advance understanding and best practices New $27 million fund backs research into artificial intelligence for the public interest Microsoft Ventures launches fund dedicated to AI startups and unveils new investments Amazon’s $2.5M ‘Alexa Prize’ seeks chatbot that can converse intelligently for 20 minutes Previous StoryNFL legend Joe Montana is launching his own virtual reality football game Next StorySpaceX adds a big new lab to its satellite development operation in Seattle area Like what you're reading? Subscribe to GeekWire's free newsletters to catch every headline Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Comments See MoreGeekWire Picks More product reviews and recommendations GeekWire Deals: Writing a book is easy with Scrivener, the word processor and project management mastermind GeekWire Deals: Yes, magnetic charging cables for iPhone exist (and they’re under $30) Most Popular on GeekWire How Amazon parties: Inside the tech giant’s massive post-holiday celebration and concert Amazon Web Services’ secret weapon: Its custom-made hardware and network Amazon makes Oscars history with streaming industry’s first-ever Best Picture nomination Shocked by Trump win, Seattle tech vets start news site ‘Presterity,’ using facts to foil new president Job Listings on GeekWork Find more jobs on GeekWork. Employers, post a job here. Sr. Software Engineer – BackendWhitepages Site Reliability Engineer – Data SystemsOfferUp Software Engineer – Semantic ScholarThe Allen Institute for Artificial Intelligence (AI2) A Word From Our Sponsors Earn your MBA in just 18 months. Discover the Technology Management MBA Program. Learn more at an information session February 8th in Kirkland or February 24th online. Game-changing tech and global thought-leaders converge at the #BCTECH Summit Read More Seattle University’s Master of Software Engineering Information sessions February 13 and March 13th Don’t miss a moment in 2017. Become a GeekWire member today! Purchase a membership here today. Designing wearable technology? It might be more complex than you realize. Read about these three important considerations. Earn your MBA in just 18 months. Discover the Technology Management MBA Program. Learn more at an information session February 8th in Kirkland or February 24th online. Game-changing tech and global thought-leaders converge at the #BCTECH Summit Read More Seattle University’s Master of Software Engineering Information sessions February 13 and March 13th Don’t miss a moment in 2017. Become a GeekWire member today! Purchase a membership here today. Designing wearable technology? It might be more complex than you realize. Read about these three important considerations. Galactic Sponsors Platinum Sponsors Gold Sponsors Silver Sponsors About About GeekWire Contact Us Ask About Advertising Send Us a Tip Apply for Startup Spotlight Apply for Geek of the Week Become a GeekWire Member Join Our Startup List Reprints and Permissions Follow GeekWire Newsletters Catch every headline in your inbox Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers GeekWire Apps iOS Android Apple News Windows Phone Windows 8 Google Play Newsstand GeekWire Developer Blog Return to Top of Page Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © 2011-2017 GeekWire, LLC
Trending: How to customize your Alexa Flash Briefing Fix Windows 10 with free Microsoft tools Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Nasuni CEO: ‘We’re going to liberate you from the bottleneck around your files’ Self-protection is key to Linux kernel security Face-off: Oracle vs. CA for identity management 5 top IoT security nightmares More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Emerging Technology Artificial Intelligence News Apple collaborates with rivals to advance A.I. research Apple joins the Partnership on A.I., which also includes Google, IBM, Microsoft, Facebook, and Amazon By Agam Shah | Follow U.S. Correspondent, IDG News Service | Jan 27, 2017 10:23 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Agam Shah More like this Google, Amazon, Facebook, IBM and Microsoft are forming an alliance on A.I. --... Apple’s Siri chief joins Partnership on A.I. board After a big 2016, next year may be A.I. tipping point Video Review: Huawei's Mate 9 gives good value for the price Apple has joined rivals as it takes a step to advance research and development of artificial intelligence technologies. After months of collaborating, Apple is joining the Partnership on A.I., with other founding members including Google, IBM, Microsoft, Facebook, and Amazon. The Partnership on A.I. was founded in September last year to also steer debate on best practices on A.I. The group believes A.I. could help in the areas of health care, transportation, and automation in factories. Apple's most visible A.I. technology is Siri, a voice assistant that can answer questions. But a larger A.I. strategy is still a subject of speculation. Microsoft, Facebook, IBM, Amazon, and Google have well established A.I. strategies. Speech and recognition are well-known use cases for A.I. Apple will likely implement A.I. in its mysterious autonomous car project so self-driving vehicles can navigate and cruise the roads safely without a human at the wheel. Beyond the Alexa voice assistant, Amazon uses A.I. to provide buying recommendations. Google this week said it was providing TensorFlow tools so users can build a wide variety of A.I. capabilities into Raspberry Pi 3 and IBM's high-powered cognitive computers. The group believes A.I. holds tremendous promise and will lead to a big societal impact. A.I.'s impact needs to be discussed, and companies need to establish ground rules on how the technology is developed and deployed, according to the group. The Partnership on A.I. is establishing a diverse board to bring in a variety of opinions. The board includes personnel from the top companies and members from universities and organizations like the American Civil Liberties Union, the MacArthur Foundation, and the Peterson Institute for International Economics. There is a lot of cooperation among organizations pursuing A.I. research. Tesla co-founder Elon Musk has poured $1 billion into OpenAI, which is also a member of the Partnership on A.I. To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Artificial Intelligence Mobile & Wireless Car Tech Enterprise Applications Fix Windows 10 problems with these free Microsoft tools You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. What Readers Like China reminds Trump that supercomputing is a race China said it plans to develop a prototype of an exascale supercomputer by the end of this year,... Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis This sortable chart lets you compare dozens of tools for functionality, skill level and more. Why you should start using Google Keep right away Services like Keep, Evernote and Microsoft OneNote are often called "note-taking apps." But they've... BrandPostsLearn more Sponsored by Puppet The industry’s largest survey of IT practitioners and managers Sponsored by Sennheiser Audio Conferencing Finally Catches the Digital Transformation Wave Sponsored by VMware AirWatch A More Flexible Approach to App Containerization Popular Resources White Paper 3 Ways Text Messaging Exposes Government Organizations to Massive Risk White Paper Digital Record Management for Government eGuide Sponsored eGuide: 2017 Security Best Practice Tips eBook Sponsored Get a Virtual Hacker on Your Squad White Paper Getting Faster Insights from App Data with Cloudant and Spark Go Top Stories Intel pursues Moore's Law with plan to make 7-nm chips this year Intel's trying to hang on to Moore's Law as a way to push its chip technology forward, though many... Face-to-face without frustration: The HP Elite Slice for Meeting Rooms The new HP Elite Slice for Meeting Rooms is a modular, compact Windows system that has been specially... At the start: Pat McGovern and the birth of Computerworld What began as a small IT newspaper in 1967 grew into a worldwide publishing empire that has covered the... 50, and proud of it We've come up with a uniquely Computerworld way to celebrate the magazine's golden anniversary, one... Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Use integration, automation, & intelligence to outsmart cybercriminals. Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /Business/Home & Entertainment/Editor's Pick/Featured/Longform/Opinion BusinessHome & Entertainment Why Siri needs to be on Android, PCs By Todd Haselton | January 27, 2017 Share Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo Artificial intelligence is expanding at an incredibly rapid pace; it’s also terribly fragmented when it comes to personal AI assistants on our gadgets. Google Assistant works on Google Home and the Pixel, but it operates differently depending on the device. Amazon Alexa works on Amazon Fire devices, the Echo and soon, the Huawei P9. Siri works on Apple TV, Macs and the Apple Watch. Cortana works on Windows 10 PCs. And across all of these devices, you’ll find some functions work in one place while others work in another. The company that wins this battle will have its assistant on the most devices, independent of platform. If we use Siri as an example, then my argument is that Siri needs to be everywhere, not just on Apple products. Apple needs to put Siri on as many machines as possible, whether they run macOS, Android or even Windows 10. My reasoning is simple. When I’m at work on my Windows 10 PC, I interact with Cortana. When I go to turn off my lights, I interact with Google Home or Amazon Alexa. When I ask the weather from my smart watch, I talk to Siri. When I ask my Android phone to play music, I speak with Google Assistant. That makes no sense. AI, to really cater to us in the way each company hopes it will, needs to gather as much personal information as it can about our lifestyles (and keep it private, of course.) If I’m talking to Siri in one place, I should be talking to Siri in every place. Then she’ll start to learn my habits – when I turn off the lights, when I wake up, when my meetings are, and the like. She’ll truly start to learn about me because she’ll be with me, like a true assistant. The argument applies to all AI assistants, though. Alexa should be on the PC and easily accessible on Macs and the iPhone. Same with Google Assistant. And no matter the device, the experience needs to be consistent. If you have one amazingly smart assistant on one single device, that AI is going to lose out to a dumber assistant that’s more accessible. The most common AI will win Amazon and Google seem to be making strides in the right directions. Alexa is now built into home appliances such as refrigerators, will soon debut on the Huawei Mate 9 in the US and is expanding into other third-party gadgets, too. If Microsoft, Google and Apple want to compete in the long run, they need to execute a similar strategy now. Yes, even if that means putting Siri on Android. Topics #Apple #Alexa #Android #Apple #Cortana #iOS #Siri Todd Haselton Follow Follow Todd Haselton has been writing professionally since 2006 during his undergraduate days at Lehigh University. He started out as an intern with MaximumPC Magazine and has since written for Ars… Read More Recent Posts Nintendo wants you to vote for your favorite Fire Emblem characters Comcast is going to launch a wireless network this year Hideo Kojima’s new studio is as stylish and futuristic as you would expect Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2017 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Apple refuses to make an iPhone 7 Plus battery case, so get one of these instead Maren Estrada BGR NewsJanuary 27, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Apple’s smart battery case is a decent option for the iPhone 7, as long as you can work your way past the peculiar look of Apple’s design. When it comes to the iPhone 7 Plus, however, there is no Apple branded option. While there’s no question that the iPhone 7 Plus has some of the longest battery life in the business, everyone has busy days with heavy cell usage where their iPhone can benefit from a battery case. Don’t worry, we’ve got you covered. Below, you’ll find five great options for iPhone 7 Plus battery cases, and they’re all far more affordable than you might think. The World's Thinnest iPhone 7 plus case battery, iphone 7 plus rechargeable case with 4000mAh c…: $58.00 iPhone 7 Plus Battery Case, Trianium Atomic Pro iPhone Portable Charger iPhone 7 Plus 2016 Char…: $49.99 iPhone 7 Plus Battery Case, Portable 7500mAh Rechargeable External Battery Backup Charger Charg…: $30.99 iPhone 7 Plus Battery Case,Oldboy iPhone Charger iPhone 7+ Plus Charging Case 7500mAh Ultra Sli…: $29.99 iPhone 7 Plus Battery Case,Oldboy iPhone Charger iPhone 7+ Plus Charging Case 7500mAh Ultra Sli…: $29.99 Trending right now: The iPhone 7 might be losing a fight with its older brother Two Galaxy S8 features that will seriously annoy you T-Mobile changes customer’s name to ‘IDIOT IDIOT’ after billing dispute See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Look at one of the most stunning iPhone 8 concept designs we’ve ever seen BGR News Get a $100 AT&T Visa® Reward Card DIRECTVSponsored Wristband monitors your blood alcohol content while you drink Yahoo Tech Apple’s iPhone 8 might look a lot like this BGR News Just when you thought Windows Phone couldn’t get any more dead… BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
Reseller News News All News Government Products Round Table Tech Technologies 3D Printing Apps Cloud Computing Datacentre Mobile Solutions MSP Networking PC and Components Products/Reviews Security Social Networking Storage Software Tech Hive Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Windows 8 Central Markets Green Channel Market Watch Retail Services SMB Market Events View all events Resources Resources Reseller News Library Microsites Webinars Videos Contacts Brand Posts e-Mags Email the Editor Jobs Media Releases Slideshows Subscribe online Subscribe to IDG Publications Directories Distributor Directory Find distributors by name | vendor | location Vendor Directory Find vendors by name | category Contact Sign In Existing Member Forgot password? Join Reseller News Sign up to gain exclusive access to email subscriptions, event invitations, competitions, giveaways, and much more. Sign up now Menu ARN Apple collaborates with rivals to advance AI research Apple collaborates with rivals to advance AI research Apple joins the Partnership on AI, which also includes Google, IBM, Microsoft, Facebook, and Amazon Agam Shah (New Zealand Reseller News) 28 January, 2017 05:14 - - - - print email Comments Apple has joined rivals as it takes a step ahead to advance research and development of artificial intelligence technologies. After months of collaborating, Apple is joining the Partnership on AI, with other founding members including Google, IBM, Microsoft, Facebook, and Amazon. The Partnership of AI was founded in September last year to also steer debate on best practices on AI. The group believes AI could help in the areas of health care, transportation, and automation in factories. Apple's most visible AI technology is Siri, a voice assistant that can answer questions. But a larger AI strategy is still a subject of speculation. Microsoft, Facebook, IBM, Amazon, and Google have well established AI strategies. Speech and recognition are well-known use cases for AI. Apple will likely implement AI in its mysterious autonomous car project so self-driving vehicles can navigate and cruise the roads safely without a human at the wheel. Beyond the Alexa voice assistant, Amazon uses AI to provide buying recommendations. Google this week said it was providing TensorFlow tools so users can build a wide variety of AI capabilities into Raspberry Pi 3 and IBM's high-powered cognitive computers. The group believes AI holds tremendous promise and will lead to a big societal impact. AI's impact needs to be discussed, and companies need to establish ground rules on how the technology is developed and deployed, according to the group. The Partnership on AI is establishing a diverse board to bring in a variety of opinions. The board includes personnel from the top companies and members from universities and organizations like American Civil Liberties Union, the MacArthur Foundation, and Peterson Institute for International Economics. There is a lot of cooperation among organizations pursuing AI research. Tesla co-founder Elon Musk has poured US$1 billion into OpenAI, which is also a member of the Partnership on AI. Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Join the New Zealand Reseller News newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Read next Cisco coughs up $4.9 billion for AppDynamics Cloud growth continues to boost Microsoft's financials Top 50 defining moments of the New Zealand channel in 2016 Distributor Directory Find distributors by name - vendor - location Vendor Directory Find vendors by name - category Featured Slideshows Top 50 defining moments of the New Zealand channel in 2016 Reseller News looks back on a tumultuous 12 months for the New Zealand channel, assessing the fallout from a year of sizeable industry change. Whether it be local or global mergers and acquisitions, distribution deals or job changes, the channel that started the year differs somewhat to the one set to finish it - Reseller News assesses the key moments that made 2016.​ Top 50 defining moments of the New Zealand channel in 2016 ​Hewlett Packard Enterprise honours high achieving NZ channel Hewlett Packard Enterprise honoured its top performing Kiwi partners at the second running of its HPE Partner Awards in New Zealand, held at a glitzy ceremony in Auckland. Recognising excellence across eight categories - from distributors to resellers - the tech giant celebrated its first year as a standalone company, following its official split from HP in 2015. ​Hewlett Packard Enterprise honours high achieving NZ channel Nutanix treats channel partners to Christmas cruise Nutanix recently took to the seas for a Christmas Cruise around Sydney Harbour with its Australia and New Zealand staff, customers and partners to celebrate a stellar year for the vendor. With the sun out, they were all smiles and mingled over drinks and food. Nutanix treats channel partners to Christmas cruise Related Whitepapers How to Plan For Disaster Recovery Annual ITSP Benchmarking Study Build vs. Buy: Calculate the TCO of BDR Natural Disaster Survival Guide For Businesses Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Your Windows 10 PC may soon lock itself when you walk away   Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World New Zealand | CIO New Zealand | Computerworld New Zealand Links: Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] | Advertising | Books | Downloads Latest News 05:09PM ​Spark takes $2.7 billion sports betting business to the cloud 05:03PM ​Datagate raises $1 million as American dream becomes reality 04:56PM ​Power to the people as Accenture examines the NZ tech scene in 2017 04:52PM ​Kiwi car buyers set to shop in virtual reality through Jaguar Land Rover More News ​Spark takes $2.7 billion sports betting business to the cloud ​Datagate raises $1 million as American dream becomes reality Reseller News Events 30 Jul EDGE 2017 View all events Featured EDGE 2017 EDGE 2017 Reseller News After Hours Reseller News After Hours
ARN - Australian Reseller News News All News Government Products Round Table yARN 5 for 15 Tech Technologies 3D Printing Apps Cloud Computing Datacentre Mobile Solutions MSP Networking PC and Components Products/Reviews Security Social Networking Storage Software Tech Hive Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Windows 8 Central Markets Green Channel Market Watch Retail Services SMB Market Events View all events Resources Resources ARN Library Microsites Webinars Videos Contacts Brand Posts e-Mags Email the Editor Jobs Media Releases Slideshows Subscribe to print Subscribe online Subscribe to IDG Publications Directories Distributor Directory Find distributors by name | vendor | location Vendor Directory Find vendors by name | category Deals Contact Sign in/Subscribe Existing Member Forgot password? Join ARN Sign up to gain exclusive access to email subscriptions, event invitations, competitions, giveaways, and much more. Sign up now Menu ARN Apple collaborates with rivals to advance AI research Apple collaborates with rivals to advance AI research Apple joins the Partnership on AI, which also includes Google, IBM, Microsoft, Facebook, and Amazon Agam Shah (New Zealand Reseller News) 28 January, 2017 05:14 - - - - print email Distributors Arrow ECS ANZ Australasian PC Distributors (APCD) Avnet Technology Solutions BMS Technology Dicker Data Ingram Micro Australia Leader Computers Multimedia Technology rhipe Synnex XiT Distribution Comments Apple has joined rivals as it takes a step ahead to advance research and development of artificial intelligence technologies. After months of collaborating, Apple is joining the Partnership on AI, with other founding members including Google, IBM, Microsoft, Facebook, and Amazon. The Partnership of AI was founded in September last year to also steer debate on best practices on AI. The group believes AI could help in the areas of health care, transportation, and automation in factories. Apple's most visible AI technology is Siri, a voice assistant that can answer questions. But a larger AI strategy is still a subject of speculation. Microsoft, Facebook, IBM, Amazon, and Google have well established AI strategies. Speech and recognition are well-known use cases for AI. Apple will likely implement AI in its mysterious autonomous car project so self-driving vehicles can navigate and cruise the roads safely without a human at the wheel. Beyond the Alexa voice assistant, Amazon uses AI to provide buying recommendations. Google this week said it was providing TensorFlow tools so users can build a wide variety of AI capabilities into Raspberry Pi 3 and IBM's high-powered cognitive computers. The group believes AI holds tremendous promise and will lead to a big societal impact. AI's impact needs to be discussed, and companies need to establish ground rules on how the technology is developed and deployed, according to the group. The Partnership on AI is establishing a diverse board to bring in a variety of opinions. The board includes personnel from the top companies and members from universities and organizations like American Civil Liberties Union, the MacArthur Foundation, and Peterson Institute for International Economics. There is a lot of cooperation among organizations pursuing AI research. Tesla co-founder Elon Musk has poured US$1 billion into OpenAI, which is also a member of the Partnership on AI. How Organisations are Grappling with the Security “Gap Of Grief” More from RSA Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Join the ARN newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Read next Apple will post iPhone sales gains next week, ending a 9-month slump CSG Services, Oracle named in Victoria’s Ultranet corruption probe ​Top 15 Aussie tech storylines to follow in 2017 Channel Deals Com1 International Adata SSD, Memory & USB Storage Solutions. Read more ARN Distributor Directory Find distributors by name - vendor - location ARN Vendor Directory Find vendors by name - category Slideshows ​Top 15 Aussie tech storylines to follow in 2017 The New Year brings the usual new round of humdrum technology predictions, glaringly general, unashamedly safe and perpetually predictable. But while the industry no longer sees value in “cloud is now the norm” type projections, value can be found in following developments of the year previous, analysing behaviours and patterns to formulate a plan for the 12 months ahead. Consequently, here’s the top tech storylines to follow in Australia during 2017. ​Top 15 Aussie tech storylines to follow in 2017 Why 2016 was a year to forget for these 10 vendors Whether it be technology troubles, government conflicts or declining sales, 2016 has been a year to forget for some of the industry's biggest players. ARN examines the vendors who will forever look back on 2016 as an annus horribilis. Why 2016 was a year to forget for these 10 vendors Channel takes to the course with AC3 as IT for a Cause Annual Golf Day raises $40,000 The channel pulled together as an industry to support those in need during the IT for a Cause Annual Golf Day in association with AC3. Held at St. Michael's Golf Club, and won by Team Arrow, the event raised $40,000, with all proceeds split between Ronald McDonald House and Saves Our Sons, who work tirelessly to help children in need. Gold sponsors on the day included Hewlett Packard Enterprise TS and HP, alongside sponsors, Arrow; Pure Storage; Synnex; Dicker Data; Tribeca Living; Fortinet; rhipe; Dell EMC; Eaton; Nimble Storage; Datto and Hemisphere Technologies.​ Photos by Maria Stefina. Channel takes to the course with AC3 as IT for a Cause Annual Golf Day raises $40,000 iasset.com is a channel management ecosystem that automates all major aspects of the entire sales, marketing and service process, including data tracking, integrated learning, knowledge management and product lifecycle management. Related Whitepapers EMC VSPEX Private Cloud Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Your Windows 10 PC may soon lock itself when you walk away   Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World | GoodGearGuide | Computerworld Australia | CIO Australia | CMO Australia | CSO Online | Techworld | CIO Executive Council Links: Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] | Advertising | Books | Downloads Latest News 06:19AM Toshiba sells off a stake in its memory business to WD 05:14AM Apple collaborates with rivals to advance AI research Jan 27 Contino lands in Australia as professional services start-up expands regionally Jan 27 CSG Services, Oracle named in Victoria’s Ultranet corruption probe More News CSG Services, Oracle named in Victoria’s Ultranet corruption probe Cloud growth continues to boost Microsoft's financials ARN Events 21 Feb BigTec - Sydney 01 Mar BigTec - Melbourne 14 Mar WIICTA Alumnae Q1 2017 Industry Events 31 May World Business Forum Sydney 2017 View all events Featured Emerging Leaders 2017 Emerging Leaders 2017 EDGE 2017 EDGE 2017
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Final Cut Pro Diary: A video novice takes the step up from iMovie Trending in Apple How to turn the 2016 MacBook Pro into a Windows gaming machine using the compact Akitio Thunder3 + GTX 1050 Ti [Video] Trending in Apple Smart Home Diary: Getting started with HomeKit Trending in Apple What’s next for iOS? We break down rumored Siri updates, Dark/Theatre Modes, AR features & much more Trending in Apple Opinion: An Apple display with built-in eGPU could be a smart move right now Trending in Apple Hands-on: Turbo charge your MacBook Pro graphics performance with the Akitio Node eGPU over Thunderbolt 3 [Video] January 26 AAPL: 121.94 0.06 Editors Keys launches Logic/Final Cut/Adobe shortcut keyboard covers for the new MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Justin Kahn - Jan. 26th 2017 11:12 am PT @justinkahnmusic MacBook Pro Logic Pro X Final Cut Pro X View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Editors Keys is known for its line-up of custom Apple keyboards/covers for everything from Logic and Final Cut Pro X to the Adobe Creative suite, Pixelmator and even Twitter. The keyboards/covers feature color-coded and specially printed keys to offer up more than 150 shortcuts for power users and beginners alike. Now the company is launching “the world’s first” silicone shortcut keyboard covers for Apple’s new 13 and 15-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar. Designed to make users more productive with as many as 250 shortcuts, and of course to not cover the touch-sensitive Touch Bar on the new machines, the covers also protect your new MacBook Pro from dust and spills with a super thin protective layer. The company notes that the skins are cut extremely precisely and provide minimal “physical typing distraction” compared to others.  There are 6 models dropping today for the new MacBook Pro with Touch Bar designed specifically for Logic Pro X, Final Cut Pro X, Pro Tools, Adobe Premiere, Adobe Lightroom and Avid Media Composer. All of which are available now for $29.85 plus around $9 shipping via the Editors Keys website and we are starting to see them come available via Amazon with free shipping for Prime members. Logic Pro X Cover for MacBook Pro with Touch Bar $29.85 Final Cut Pro X Cover MacBook Pro Touch Bar $29.85 Pro Tools MacBook Pro Touch Bar Cover $29.85 Adobe Premiere Pro MacBook Pro Touch Bar Cover $29.85 Adobe Lightroom MacBook Pro Touch Bar Cover $29.85 Avid Media Composer MacBook Touch Bar Cover $29.85 More from Editors Keys: The new keyboard covers protect your MacBook Pro from dust and liquid spills, in addition to offering over 150 shortcuts for programs such as Final Cut Pro X, Logic Pro X and the Adobe Creative Cloud suite of programs. The new covers fit into the larger trend of Apple’s focus on visible program shortcuts to help users become more productive on their machines. Apple recently updated its MacBook Pro range to feature a new Touch Bar in place of the traditional physical ‘F’ keys. The touch bar can be programmed to show a few handy shortcuts for the program you’re using, so the new cover is the perfect accompanying tool for video editors, audio producers and graphic designers a like. “We’re thrilled to be launching these brand new covers around the world today. With over 250 shortcuts on the covers and added dust protection, this is going to be a great product for creatives the world over.” Says Mark Brown, Founder of Editors Keys. Along with the advantages of having colour coding, shortcut icons and text references – The covers act as an ultra thin protection layer, which is custom moulded to fit the MacBook keyboard precisely. The covers are cut so precise, that they don’t add any physical typing distraction. Guides MacBook Pro Apple's premium MacBook, built with the professional in mind. View THe Guide Logic Pro X Apple's professional audio production suite for Macs View THe Guide Final Cut Pro X Final Cut Pro X is a non-linear trackless video editing application (NLE) created by Apple for the Mac. View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Samsung's new Galaxy S8 phones could make the future of headphones messier Jeff Dunn Jan. 27, 2017, 12:29 PM 23,703 facebook linkedin twitter email print After a slew of leaks this week, it appears as if we know just about everything there is to know about Samsung's upcoming Galaxy S8 phones. Citing "several well-placed sources," The Guardian dropped a batch of details on Tuesday. That was largely corroborated by VentureBeat's Evan Blass on Thursday. Blass, who has a long history of accurately leaking information about phones, also included the first purported photos of the new devices. They show two phones with curved screens, thin chassis, fingerprint scanners on the back — and, lo and behold, 3.5 mm headphone jacks. This is the Samsung Galaxy S8, launching March 29 https://t.co/lQZ0K0q2MA pic.twitter.com/dlusRMX4YH — Evan Blass (@evleaks) January 26, 2017 That last bit is significant. For the past several months, the common wisdom in the tech world has been that the traditional headphone jack is living on borrowed time. Apple famously ditched it with the iPhone 7 in an effort push people toward wireless pairs. The move upset a lot of people, and it hasn't magically fixed Bluetooth's issues, but Apple devices live in their own world. If the break had to happen, at least it was relatively clean. If you're a headphone manufacturer, you can make wireless cans or Lightning cans and know you'll have all iPhone users covered from now on. With Android, though, the situation is sloppier. Intel and others have for the past several months been pushing USB-C, the do-everything port that's replacing older USB ports on more and more devices, as the 3.5 mm jack's replacement for the past several months. USB-C is a digital connection, so it could bring the same enhancements as Lightning, but it's also an open standard, so nobody has to pay Apple a cut to use it. Over the past few months, the likes of Motorola, LeEco, and HTC have jumped on the bandwagon. The Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge. Flickr/Răzvan Băltărețu Being open, though, means a higher chance of fragmentation. And if the flagship phones from the world's most popular smartphone-maker are sticking with the 3.5 mm jack, that's going to stunt USB-C's chances of being a replacement for a little while longer. While the Galaxy S series on its own doesn't outsell the iPhone — Samsung's market share is high because it sells many phones at many price points — it's still Android's biggest high-end device. Without it onboard, and with the bulk of Android's affordable phones keeping the jack as well, there's simply less incentive for headphone companies to make USB-C pairs. Motorola and HTC aren't setting the world on fire saleswise. Yes, the Galaxy S8 is expected to have a USB-C port for charging, so it could still technically support USB-C headphones. But if the headphone jack is still there, it's hard to see people choosing something that's generally pricier and doesn't allow you to charge your phone and listen to music at the same time. The LeEco LePro 3 is one of a handful of Android phones that have ditched the headphone jack entirely. Hollis Johnson Ultimately, if Samsung sticks with the jack, it'll probably be a good thing. Nobody enjoys using a dongle. And again, to truly hear the benefits of a USB-C connection, you'll likely need to pay a bit more than you would for a simple, good-enough analog pair. The move would also give Samsung a very easy selling point in its ongoing war with the iPhone, for whatever that's worth. On a higher level, the headphone world is still moving toward wireless pairs and so-called hearables. The Galaxy S8 keeping the jack may not expedite that process, but it won't stop it. And by 2018, it may ditch the jack regardless. But for now, giving people the option to adapt USB-C without banning the alternative is a friendly move. Just don't expect to see many more headphone makers go all-in on USB-C because of it. SEE ALSO: It looks like the headphone jack dilemma will be pretty messy to start NOW WATCH: 7 gadgets we're looking forward to in 2017 Loading video... More: Tech Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy Headphone jack Headphones Audio facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Samsung's new Galaxy S8 phones could make the future of headphones messier Samsung's new Galaxy S8 phones could make the future of headphones messier After a slew of leaks this week, it appears as... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Hockey great 'King Henrik' Lundqvist on growing up in a tiny Swedish town and his dad's advice to 'dream big' Read Lundqvist's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Sign in/Sign up NEWS SITES Retail News Auto News Health News Energy News IT News Real Estate News Brand Equity Technology News CFO News IT Security News Javascript on your browser is disabled. Please enable it for better performance of ETTelecom. ETTelecom.com An initiative of The Economic Times ETTelecom Home News 3G/4G Devices Enterprise Financial Results Industry Infrastructure International Internet MVAS/Apps People Movement Policy Reviews Smartphone Features Insights Trends Startups IndustrySpeak Interviews TeleTalk Webinars Data & Analytics Social Analytics Data Reports Slideshows Tele-Bytes Webinars Brand Solutions Nokia #maketechhuman Spectrum Auction 2016 All updates regarding Spectrum Auction 3G/4G Devices Enterprise Financial Results Industry Infrastructure Internet MVAS/Apps Policy Smartphone International People Movement Reviews More Telecom News Latest Telecom News Devices Devices » Vivo Smartphone Oppo oneplus Manufacturing MakeInIndia Huawei Apple iPhone Apple Treat us at par with Apple: Samsung, Huawei, Vivo & OnePlus tell governmentThe government is considering a set of demands put forward by Cupertino-based Apple Inc before beginning to manufacture its phones in India.Gulveen Aulakh  |  ETTelecom  |  Updated: January 28, 2017, 09:34 IST X Newsletter A A         NEW DELHI: Global mobile phone makers operating in India have demanded that companies such as Samsung, Huawei and Vivo that have invested top dollars in local manufacturing should get similar incentives and parity on policy, which may be given to Apple, so that a level-playing field is created for all. “To ensure a level-playing field, the incentives should be extended to all brands offering similar value proposition, not only to a specific brand,” said Vikas Agarwal, general manager, OnePlus India. Huawei, the world’s third largest smartphone maker, said equal benefits would lead to healthy competition and motivate brands to invest in India. P Sanjeev, Huawei consumer business’ vice-president for sales, said: "Should the government extend any benefits to any one smartphone brand, those benefits should be brought under a policy umbrella and extended to all other manufacturers." The government is considering a set of demands put forward by Cupertino-based Apple Inc before beginning to manufacture its phones in India. Besides seeking policy support and assurance from the country that wants major foreign companies to ‘Make in India’, the iPhone maker has sought tax exemption for its component manufacturers, additional benefits under the Modified Special Incentive Package Scheme (MSIPS) and extending benefits reserved for special economic zones. It has also asked for clarity on bringing in refurbished products, which, as per Indian norms, fall into the electronic-waste category and are therefore barred. The local phone-making industry has also been against Apple’s demands to import refurbished phones. Apple intends to make India a manufacturing hub after China and Brazil, but analysts note that the world's top smartphone makers such as Samsung, Huawei, Oppo and Vivo already have local manufacturing in India without any preconditions. They say market leader Samsung already locally manufactures over 90% of its devices in India, while Huawei has been investing in India for more than a decade. “If the government is open to giving concessions or incentives to Apple, on the scale that they’re being demanded, then the same should be given to other players,” Jaipal Singh, senior analyst at International Data Corporation (IDC) India, said, adding, “Companies like Huawei, Oppo and Vivo have similar scale as Apple.” Tarun Pathak, senior analyst at Counterpoint Research, said India needs Apple as much as the company needs India. Despite having a toehold in the Indian market by volumes – 2.5 million iPhones sold in 2016 – CEO Tim Cook considers the South Asian nation an important market, amid slowing sales in developed nations. According to sector experts, concessions to any mobile phone maker should be given not just for assembling devices locally but also value addition done within the country, which, at present, is not even one-tenth of local production. Pathak said India imports iPhones worth Rs 1.8 billion, which needs to be reduced by making those phones locally. He also pointed out that the concessions the government may grant should be dependent on the value addition the company does locally. "The concessions should not be for pure assembly; if Apple only assembles phones here, the value addition will be very less as components will still be imported,” he added. In order to improve value addition levels, which are at a mere 6% at present, the quantum of addition and the proportion of benefits should be defined. According to an IIM Bangalore-Counterpoint study, contribution of locally sourced components and sub-components is just 6% to the total value of components going into a phone. It is estimated that the true local value addition will be around $650 million of the total $11.6 billion of total value of phones sold in 2016, keeping the value addition share stagnant. “Given the right policy framework, this may also pave way for downstream investment in component-level manufacturing and kick-start export of goods,” OnePlus’ Agarwal added, underlining the importance of policy parity to make India a global manufacturing hub, which may otherwise take several more years. Mobile phones are at the fore front of the government's Make in India programme, and incentives have added gravitas to this move. India has offered differential in duties, making local manufacturing of phones cheaper by 12.5% compared to imports of fully built units, besides tax breaks on investments made through MSIPS. The duty differential benefits have attracted several local and overseas players, including contract manufacturers, such as Foxconn, to set up shop here. Here are the top exits of 2016 in the device makers' industry Newsletter A A         Tags : Devices, Vivo, Smartphone, Oppo, oneplus, Manufacturing, MakeInIndia, Huawei, Apple iPhone, Apple  Comment on this Recommended by Colombia Sponsored Stories Subscribe ETTelecom Newsletter 200000+ Industry Leaders already read it everyday Most Read This Week This Month BSNL launches free voice plan for 3 monthsBharat Sanchar Nigam Limited announced a plan offering free local and STD calls for three months at Rs 439, becoming the latest one to enter the brutal price war going on between Reliance Jio and the incumbents. Airtel and Vodafone to restrict unlimited voice calling to 300 minutes a day: Report Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 review: A good option in its price segment Idea Cellular may report Rs 448cr Q3 loss, courtesy free Reliance Jio services & demonetisation Vodafone, BSNL launch offers with more data, free voice calls Reliance Jio plans to charge just Rs 100 for data, free voice service after March 31The operator is working out a new tariff plan which will be valid till June 30, said people familiar with the developments in Jio as well as analysts. BSNL launches free voice plan for 3 months Airtel and Vodafone to restrict unlimited voice calling to 300 minutes a day: Report Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 review: A good option in its price segment Vodafone seeks merger with one of the top telcos in India: Report Most Read in Devices This Week This Month Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 review: A good option in its price segment RIL to raise $2.25 billion to expand Reliance Jio Oppo grew 1578% on year to grab third spot with 9% smartphone market share in India: Canalys Nokia flagship smartphone to feature Qualcomm 835 Snapdragon processor Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 review: A good option in its price segment Apple plans Make in India in Bengaluru via Wistron new plant Nokia to launch five new Android smartphones at MWC 2017: Report Reliance Jio 4G VoLTE phone priced at Rs 1500 leaked: Report Finally! Nokia to launch Android smartphone on February 26 Follow ETTelecom/// Editor's Picks › Treat us at par with Apple: Samsung, Huawei, Vivo & OnePlus tell government / Treat us at par with Apple: Samsung, Huawei, Vivo & OnePlus tell government / Oppo set to launch selfie 4G smartphone, A57, on Feb 3 / ‘End use’ of ECB should be relaxed to include brownfield investments and acquisitions: American Tower / Oppo, Vivo and Huawei capture almost half of Chinese smartphone market / Ericsson India Q4 revenue down 4% on year due to delayed telco investment / Nokia launches MIKA, first digital assistant customized for telcos / Kolkata Book Fair goes cashless with Airtel Payments Bank / Idea Cellular’s new advertisement takes a dig at Reliance Jio’s free data offers / Infrastructure status to telecom sector will help in easy access to capital for network rollout: Huawei India Features › Jobs & Careers / Data & Analytics / Product Launches / TelecomTV / Webinars / Insights / Trends / Startups / Interviews / TeleTalk / Data / Reports / AskETTelecom Other B2B News Sites › Retail News / Auto News / Health News / Energy News / IT News / Real Estate News / Marketing & Advertisement News / Technology News / CFO News / IT Security News About Us / Contact Us / Advertise with us / Newsletter / RSS Feeds / Embed ETTelecom.com Widgets on your Website / Invite Friends / Enroll Company Employees Privacy Policy / Terms & Conditions / Guest-Post Guidelines / Sitemap / Copyright © 2017 ETTelecom.com . All Rights Reserved.
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jan 28, 3:43 AM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Samsung Galaxy S8 vs. iPhone 8: Specs, Release Date, Price And Expected Features For The Flagship Phones By Rishabh Jain On 01/27/17 AT 1:47 PM Close Samsung and Apple are among the major smartphone industry players commanding a huge chunk of the market share, which is why their 2017 flagships are creating hype even before their respective launches. But 2017 is not expected to be the usual year for flagship launches. Both iPhone 8 and the Samsung Galaxy S8 are expected to make a transition in terms of flagship features on the companies' phones in terms of design changes, software features and hardware. iPhone 8 vs. Galaxy S8: Design Features In terms of design, Samsung’s S-series phones and Apple’s iPhones are expected to ditch the physical home button which has been present on the flagships since their first iteration. While Apple ditched the 3.5mm audio jack with iPhone 7, Samsung is rumored to do the same with the Galaxy S8. iPhone 8 vs. Galaxy S8: Battery Life While Samsung has adapted built-in wireless charging capability since the Galaxy S6, Apple is expected do so with the iPhone 8, but in a different way — the device is expected to support long-range wireless charging without the need of charging mats commonly used to charge smartphones possessing the capability. Rather, the company is expected to use transmitters which would be able to charge multiple devices wirelessly at one go. iPhone 8 vs. Galaxy S8: Internal Specs Under the hood, both devices might come with 10nm processors which will offer better performance and consume less battery in comparison to 14nm processors on previous iterations. The devices are also expected to be IP68 certified waterproof. iPhone 8 vs Galaxy S8: Siri vs. Bixby In terms of software, an expected major feature upgrade for both devices is artificial intelligence enabled voice assistants. While Apple is expected to improve Siri’s machine learning and artificial intelligence capabilities, Samsung is expected to replace its S-Voice functionality with a Bixby voice assistant, which would integrated throughout the S8 interface, including individual apps. The flagship devices are expected to come with desktop connectivity similar to Microsoft’s Continuum feature. The feature will let consumers use the phones as their desktops with docks and connected peripherals and let consumers switch freely between devices. iPhone 8 vs Galaxy S8: Release Date While the Samsung Galaxy S8 is expected to launch either on March 29 or in April, Apple is expected to follow its regular schedule of launching iPhones in September/October. Related Stories Samsung Galaxy S8 To Come With Microsoft Continuum-Like Feature? Galaxy S8, iPhone 8 May Get Waterpoof Certification iPhone 8 vs Galaxy S8: Expected Price iPhone 8 and Samsung Galaxy S8 are flagship devices which will command a good price for the features they offer. iPhone 8 is expected to have a 6GB RAM, a new chipset and an all-new design quite different from the current iPhone. While the iPhone 7 32GB currently sells for $649 in U.S., iPhone 8 is expected to cost around $899 for the same model.  The  Samsung Galaxy S8 device too will be a big improvement over the previous and therefore is expected to command a premium price of around $900 for the 64GB version.  Verdict   Despite the iPhone 8 being Apple's 10th-anniversary device, the Samsung Galaxy S8 seems the more exciting device among the two.  From what we know about the device in terms of rumors and the information derived from Samsung's patents and acquired/developed technologies such as 10nm processor technology, flexible displays and an AI-based voice assistant having additional Google Assistant support, Samsung seems to have the upper hand.  Apple's differentiating factor has always been features that set its phones apart from other flagships such as 3D Touch for iPhone 7. But, the company will have to pull out a real cat-out-of-the-bag with the iPhone if it wants to compete with the Samsung Galaxy S8.  Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business Trump Has Tax Plan To Pay For Border Wall The U.S. runs a $59 billion trade deficit with Mexico. Imposing a 20 percent tax on imports would raise funds to pay for the wall. Technology Twitter Says FBI Forced It To Share User Data The company made public Friday two national security request asking for user account data without any legal warrants, after the gag orders imposed by FBI were lifted. World Facts And Recipes For The 2017 Chinese Lunar New Year Every year, Chinese families gather from around the world for two weeks at their homes for celebrations and feasts. National ‘Americans Deserve Borders,’ Milo Yiannopoulos Says The Greek-born British journalist said he will build a wall himself to control illegal immigration and that the wall is necessary for the U.S. to flourish. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu JUST FOCUS Steve Jobs saved Apple—and Nike—with the same piece of advice Written by Mikael Cho Co-founder, Crew January 18, 2017 Think different. (Reuters/Ciro De Luca) Share Written by Mikael Cho Co-founder, Crew January 18, 2017 When Nike named Mark Parker their CEO in 2006, one of the first things Parker did was call Apple CEO Steve Jobs for business advice. It might not have seemed it, but at the time Nike was struggling. Yes, they had a successful brand. But they were failing to fit their digital strategy into their line of literally hundreds of thousands of products. During their call, Steve Jobs gave one piece of advice that stuck with Parker: Nike makes some of the best products in the world. Products that you lust after. But you also make a lot of crap. Just get rid of the crappy stuff and focus on the good stuff. — Steve Jobs “He was absolutely right,” said Parker. “We had to edit.” Instead of going into another product line for technology, Nike stuck to what they did best while partnering with Apple. The result was Nike+, reportedly one of the most successful Nike campaigns ever. Steve Jobs didn’t just give advice—he lived it. Jobs was fired from Apple but returned as the company was floundering in 1997. His first order of business? Cut. By the end of that year, Jobs had killed almost 70% of Apple’s products. A year later, the company had gone from losses of $1.04 billion to a $309 million profit. Jobs saw Apple as distracted by opportunities. And while opportunities seem innocent enough, we often forget the commitments that come with them: energy, time, and money. Why focusing on one thing is so hard I know I’m guilty of taking on too many things at once. Our culture teaches us to go after multiple opportunities, not just one. When the word “priority” came into the English language in the 1400s it was singular. It meant the very first thing. Not things. According to New York Times best-selling author Greg McKeown’s book Essentialism, the word “priority” stayed singular for five hundred years until we made it plural in the 1900s. We can see proof of the acceptance of “priorities” versus “a priority” by looking at Google’s Ngram Viewer, a tool that analyzes word usage in printed books dating back to 1500. The usage of the word “priorities” in text was pretty much zero until around 1950. Then something happened. (Mikael Cho/Google) “Illogically, we reasoned that by changing the word we could bend reality. Somehow we would now be able to have multiple ‘first’ things,” McKeown says. Take that meeting. Go to that event because you “never know.” Our psychology pushes us too. The fear of missing out is powerful. We don’t want someone else to grab our opportunities. It seems counterintuitive that shutting down opportunities would be the best way to build something great, but turning them down in exchange for focus is exactly what’s required. Especially today. Focus trumps opportunity: Why doing one thing well works With the floodgates of the internet permanently thrown open, we’re drowning in options and information when all our brains want is something simple. If you can tap into that simple, focused message, you’ll stand out. Apple (under Jobs) spent its first three years selling only one product: the Apple 1. Only after nailing that first product did they move on. It’s rare to build one thing well. As Steve Jobs said, “Apple is a $30 billion company, yet we’ve got less than 30 major products. I don’t know if that’s ever been done before.” (Provided by author) By focusing on less, you give yourself the time to build a product that solves a problem in an incredible way. When your company’s energy and resources are spread too thin, you can’t help but solve problems at a high level. You don’t have the attention so you build something that’s good enough. But there’s too much competition to build anything that is only good enough. Early on we thought about working with other types of professionals, like writers, but quickly realized the price that came along with adding that one word to our website: new marketing, a new sales approach, and new processes. On top of that, we’d make it less clear what we offer. I’m still tempted by opportunities but I’ve learned the importance of focusing on the right ones. One thing I’ve done to help with this is make a “no” list where I list every tempting “opportunity” we say “no” to today. Starting too many things at once won’t help you get anything done faster. Instead, focus on doing one thing right first. Before you step on the gas, make people really want that one thing you offer. Only then consider your second act. This piece was originally published on Inc. Most Popular Philosopher Slavoj Žižek settles the “Is it OK to punch a Nazi?” question once and for all Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search Post to Cancel
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News CES 2017 Crunch Report Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team 10th Annual Crunchies AwardsTicket Prices For The Crunchies Increase In Just 5 Days Get Yours Today Apps Snap will reportedly file publicly for its massive IPO late next week Hinge is testing a personal assistant service called Audrey to help you get more dates President Trump thinks an app with around 10K downloads will help prove millions voted illegally Browse more... iCloud Crunch Report | Galaxy S8 Coming in March It’s not just you, iCloud calendar spam is on the rise iCloud stores your iPhone’s call history for four months Browse more... Siri Apple Watch will soon let you talk to Siri to use your apps Apple patent shows Siri inside iMessage to help with scheduling, payments and more Rokid, the assistant that can see, hear and sing raises $50M at $450M valuation Browse more... apple inc Jimmy Iovine confirms Apple Music’s plans to offer original video content Update: Apple says no plans to manufacture products at Mesa, Arizona site What if the iPhone had never arrived? Browse more... iOS Apple will finally let developers respond to App Store reviews Apple releases first iOS 10.3 beta with “Find My AirPods” Crunch Report | Sprint Takes 33% Stake in Tidal Browse more... Apple aims to up its AI smarts with iCloud user data in iOS 10.3 Posted 17 hours ago by Natasha Lomas (@riptari) 0 SHARES Next Story Daimler close to buying Taxibeat in Greece for around $43M The next version of Apple’s mobile platform will include an opt-in for iOS users to share their iCloud data in order to help the company improve software products, such as its voice-powered virtual assistant, Siri. The iOS 10.3 beta was released earlier this week. A note about the forthcoming change, under the heading “iCloud Analytics & Privacy”, says any user data shared with Apple via this opt in will undergo “privacy preserving techniques” — continuing its privacy-first approach to stepping up its AI efforts. One of the most interesting changes in 10.3 – Apple will use differential privacy on iCloud user data to improve services (opt-in) pic.twitter.com/NKqrTee8Fq — Federico Viticci (@viticci) January 24, 2017 The company has generally lagged behind data-mining rivals such as Google in developing machine learning powered technologies and embedding them into its software and services to offer a more personalized and/or predictive experience, in no small part because it has prioritized (and championed) user privacy — meaning, unlike its major rivals, Apple does not routinely suck up users’ personal data in the clear. And while that’s great from a privacy stand point — and allows Apple to differentiate its hardware business from rivals such as Google that do rely on factory-farming user data to power their ad-targeting business models — the company has been facing increasing competitive pressure from rivals when it comes to developing software that makes use of machine learning and AI to offer a more personalized experience to users. With hardware sales growth slowing there’s also increasing pressure on Cupertino to innovate in services, which means it needs to be offering smarter, predictive and personalized products powered by machine learning. The problem is for AI to function it needs to be fed on data. Apple’s workaround for what some have argued is a convenience vs privacy impasse is to apply a level of obfuscation to the raw user data, in order to protect individuals’ privacy, only taking this fuzzier data off to its cloud for analyzing (in bulk) to enable it to draw some broad-brush conclusions about usage trends. Apple discussed one obfuscation technique it’s using — called differential privacy — back in June at WWDC, and says now this is one of the ways it will be processing any iCloud user-data that it gains access to after iOS 10.3. At WWDC, Apple senior VP of software engineering Craig Federighi described the result of the algorithmic scrambling technique as akin to “crowdsourced learning”. Although it’s not clear how successful it’s been thus far — in terms of making a noticeable difference to the convenience and ‘delight’ of Apple services for its users. We’ve reached out to the company with questions about the forthcoming expansion of its AI efforts and will update this post with any additional detail. The first Apple services to gain AI-powered enhancements via the application of differential privacy techniques were: iMessage, with keyboard data used to power features such as next word and emoji predictions, and also flag up linguistic changes such as rising slang terms or trendy new words; Spotlight Search, with analytics on bulk user data enabling Apple to flag popular deep link searches to better rank search results; and Notes, where the technique has enabled more interactivity, such as underlining actionable info such as dates — to power things like calendar event creation suggestions. These were also the first three services it targeted to be a source of user data to apply its AI algorithms to. In iOS 10.3 Apple is aiming to expand its access to user data via its cloud storage and back-up service, iCloud, though not (at least explicitly) to improve iCloud itself — rather it says it will be using insights gleaned there to help it improve its Siri voice assistant (among other unnamed services). It notes that users can opt out of sharing their iCloud data at any time — a welcome and sensible check, not least because some iCloud users do pay for extra storage. With Siri, Apple is likely hoping that bulk iCloud data analysis can help it improve voice recognition capabilities — and perhaps also enhance the results served up by the voice assistant, by improving Siri’s ability to make selections/suggestions based on popular user queries. While Apple was an early mover in the voice assistant space when it originally launched Siri, it’s now very fiercely contested territory, with all major tech giants having an offering — and analysts spying increasing user appetite for voice-driven offerings. Having access to good data is clearly key to improving AI assistant smarts. iCloud users can sync all sorts of data to Apple’s cloud storage service — from their calendar, email, notes, reminders, photos and contacts, to Safari bookmarks and even choose to back up messaging content from apps such as WhatsApp — so there’s a very wide range of data and data types Apple could draw on here to try to make Siri (and other services) smarter. While other tech companies have been experimenting with, and even applying, differential privacy techniques — including Google, via its RAPPOR project — Apple’s push on this front appears to be considerably broader. “It is probably fair to say that Apple is the first to integrate differentially private algorithms so comprehensively into their products and to use it as a differentiator,” is how Adam Smith, a long time researcher in the field and associate professor in the Computer Science and Engineering Department at Pennsylvania State University, described the companies efforts back in June. “I would imagine they will want to use the [iCloud] data for all sorts of things, from improving Siri suggestions to devising which new products to deploy and even much more technical things like what type of data compression to use,” Smith says now. “Basically, the more information they have about how people use their service, the better they can adapt it to accomplish particular goals (serve their customers, extract revenue, etc).” Today it was also confirmed Apple has formally joined a raft of other tech firms in signing up to an AI research partnership that aims to help further socially beneficial artificial intelligence, likely by conducting research into areas such as AI ethics — a topic which is attracting increasing attention as autonomous technologies proliferate. This post was updated with additional comment 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Apple Founded 1976 Overview Apple is a multinational corporation that designs, manufactures, and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, portable digital music players, and sells a variety of related software, services, peripherals, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. Apple provides many products and services, including iPhone; iPad; iPod; Mac; Apple TV; a portfolio … Location Cupertino, CA Categories Consumer Electronics, Retail, Hardware, Software, Electronics Website http://www.apple.com Full profile for Apple iCloud Description iCloud makes sure you always have the latest versions of your most important things on all your devices. Website https://www.icloud.com/ Full profile for iCloud iOS Description iOS is Apple's operating system for their mobile devices. It debuted in 2007 with the release of the first iPhone, but has since been Website http://www.apple.com/ios Full profile for iOS Siri Founded 2007 Overview Siri is now a [product](http://www.crunchbase.com/product/siri) of Apple Corp. Siri is a virtual personal assistant incorporated as a feature of [Apple](/company/apple) iPhones beginning with the 4S generation. Siri was originally developed by [SRI International](/company/sri-international). SRI spun off Siri, Inc., in 2007, and this company launched a personal assistant app in February 2010. … Location San Jose, CA Categories iOS, Consumer Electronics, Software, Virtualization Website https://www.siri.com Full profile for Siri Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS » Latest Crunch Report Galaxy S8 Coming in March | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes Siri apple inc iCloud iOS Apps Popular Posts Featured Stories Galaxy S8 Coming in March | Crunch Report VIDEO | 3:45 | Crunch Report Weekly Roundup: AppDynamics sells to Cisco ahead of IPO, CZI buys Meta 12 hours ago | Anna Escher Trump’s manufacturing council includes Elon Musk, Michael Dell and Mark Fields 17 hours ago | Darrell Etherington Alphabet’s bets beyond search are starting to pay off yesterday | Matthew Lynley This Snapchat Spectacles case melted while charging yesterday | Josh Constine Latest From Mobile Snap will reportedly file publicly for its massive IPO late next week 8 hours ago | Matthew Lynley Hinge is testing a personal assistant service called Audrey to help you get more dates 14 hours ago | Sarah Perez Samsung is reportedly launching the Galaxy S8 on March 29 16 hours ago | Brian Heater President Trump thinks an app with around 10K downloads will help prove millions voted illegally 16 hours ago | Sarah Perez Comment moderation powered by Up Next Daimler close to buying Taxibeat in Greece for around $43M Posted 17 hours ago CrunchBoard Job Listings Senior Developer - 41399BR at Harvard University - Faculty of Arts and Sciences (Cambridge, MA, United States) Engineer: Client Support Center at Target (Brooklyn Park, MN, United States) Product Manager at Calldorado (Kongens Lyngby (Copenhagen), Denmark) IT Infrastructure Manager (m/f) at eGym GmbH (München, Deutschland; Berlin, Deutschland) Digital Strategies Manager at Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices Carolinas Realty (Charlotte, NC, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Event & Editorial Calendar Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News CES 2017 Crunch Report All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Crunch Report | Galaxy S8 Coming in March 5 hours ago by Khaled "Tito" Hamze Snap will reportedly file publicly for its massive IPO late next week 8 hours ago by Matthew Lynley Twitter releases national security letters 9 hours ago by Kate Conger Zuckerberg defends immigrants threatened by Trump 10 hours ago by Josh Constine Rogue National Park Service Twitter account says it’s no longer run by government employees…but maybe it never was 10 hours ago by Sarah Perez Leapfrogging in higher ed 11 hours ago by Hunt Lambert, Pete Wheelan Weekly Roundup: AppDynamics sells to Cisco ahead of IPO, CZI buys Meta 12 hours ago by Anna Escher Silicon Valley’s false feminist idol finally makes a peep 12 hours ago by Taylor Hatmaker Netgear’s Orbi might be the best Wi-Fi router I’ve ever used 13 hours ago by John Biggs Alexa scores some Super Bowl skills for next week’s big game 13 hours ago by Brian Heater
Neowin Login Sign up News Latest Microsoft Google Apple Software Ex-Mozilla Engineer: Don't use third-party antivirus software 1 hour ago Microsoft fixes "out of memory" errors for Windows phone emulators in Windows 10 1 hour ago This week in science: Metallic hydrogen, electricity without heating, and more 2 hours ago OnePlus shows off Dash Charge capability besting Google's Pixel XL 2 hours ago View all recent news Ex-Mozilla Engineer: Don't use third-party antivirus software 1 hour ago Microsoft fixes "out of memory" errors for Windows phone emulators in Windows 10 1 hour ago Having trouble installing Windows 10 build 15019? Here's the official workaround 2 hours ago Gears of War 4 introduces cross-play between Xbox One and Windows 10 PCs in Social Quickplay 6 hours ago View all Microsoft news Ex-Mozilla Engineer: Don't use third-party antivirus software 1 hour ago OnePlus shows off Dash Charge capability besting Google's Pixel XL 2 hours ago Google's next Pixel will arrive with improved specs, possibly with a cheaper sibling 6 hours ago Google Docs and Sheets apps get updated with new features 6 hours ago View all Google news Apple formally joins Partnership on AI 14 hours ago iOS 10.3 and macOS 10.12.4 Sierra are now available to Public Beta testers Jan 26, 2017 Apple takes its legal battle against Qualcomm to China, sues the company for a billion yuan Jan 26, 2017 watchOS 3.2 will add a Theater Mode so you can stop annoying people in movie theaters Jan 24, 2017 View all Apple news Google Chrome 56.0.2924.76 13 hours ago Malwarebytes AdwCleaner 6.043 14 hours ago Geek Uninstaller 1.4.3.107 15 hours ago Internet Download Manager 6.27 Build 3 16 hours ago View all software news Features Reviews Editorials Unboxings Trending Review: Aukey's PB-Y3 30,000mAh power bank offers Quick Charge 3.0 and USB Type-C Jan 23, 2017 Belkin Boost Up 15W Wireless Fast Charging Pad review Jan 21, 2017 Xiaomi Redmi Pro review: Dual camera and 10 cores without breaking the bank Jan 15, 2017 Elephone S7 review: affordability has its drawbacks Jan 15, 2017 View all reviews Looking back: In 2016, Microsoft became one of the most exciting companies in the tech world Dec 31, 2016 Redmond delights: 10 reasons to be excited about Microsoft's future Nov 14, 2016 Editorial - When replacing your Samsung Galaxy Note7, consider these replacement options Oct 16, 2016 Editorial - Horde 3.0 changed my mind about Gears of War 4 Sep 7, 2016 View all editorials First 24: Hands-on with Samsung's Gear S3 classic Nov 26, 2016 Spectre x360 (2016) unboxing and first impressions: HP may have a winner Nov 12, 2016 Alcatel IDOL 4S with Windows 10 unboxing and first impressions Nov 4, 2016 Unboxing the Lenovo Moto Z reveals some unexpected surprises Oct 21, 2016 View all unboxings Microsoft working on Cloud Shell, a 'lightweight Windows version for modern computing world' Jan 26, 2017 Samsung to repair S7 edge screens with pink line issue, but there's a catch Jan 26, 2017 Windows 10 build 14393.726 update now on Update Catalog, here are the fixes 22 hours ago Acer tells owners of its Windows 10 Mobile flagship they won't receive Anniversary Update 17 hours ago View all trending news Forums Deals Recent Highlights Interests On a Budget Get the Microsoft Universal Windows Platform Expert Bundle for just $39 via Neowin Deals 19 hours ago Get this Multi-Faceted Microsoft Office Professional Bundle for just $39 via Neowin Deals Jan 26, 2017 Get the Machine Learning with Python Course and E-Book Bundle for just $49 via Neowin Deals Jan 25, 2017 Get a lifetime license to Flux 6 for just $49.99 via Neowin Deals Jan 24, 2017 View all recent deals Best Sellers Pay What You Want Gear + Gadgets Software Bundles View all Neowin Deals For Developers Productivity Accessories E-Learning View all Neowin Deals Under $20 Freebies Giveaways View all Neowin Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ Apple formally joins Partnership on AI By Paul Hill Neowin LLC @_paulh93 · 14 hours ago with 2 comments Apple has formally joined the Partnership on AI; it joins other tech giants including Facebook, Alphabet/DeepMind, Microsoft, Amazon and IBM. Today’s inauguration into the company formalises a partnership that already existed between Apple and the AI body. The Partnership on AI was established to study and formulate best practices on AI technologies, to help advance the concept of artificial intelligence amongst the public, and to serve as a platform for discussion about AI and its influences on people and society. The Partnership also announced the inaugural Board of Trustees which is made up of six independent board members and six corporate board members. The board members are: Dario Amodei (OpenAI) Subbarao Kambhampati (Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence & ASU) Deirdre Mulligan (UC Berkeley) Carol Rose (ACLU) Eric Sears (MacArthur Foundation) Jason Furman (Peterson Institute of International Economics) Greg Corrado (Google/DeepMind) Tom Gruber (Apple) Ralf Herbrich (Amazon) Eric Horvitz (Microsoft) Yann Lecun (Facebook) Francesca Rossi (IBM) Until recently, Apple has stuck to old habits with regards to AI; it kept very quiet about what it was doing. Last month, this changed; it released its first artificial intelligence research paper about teaching AI to recognise objects using simulated images. Hopefully, with it joining the partnership, more of its findings will make their way out to the public. Source: Partnership on AI via The Verge Tags Apple Partnership on ai Siri Artificial intelligence Ai Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Previous Story TechBargains deals: 50- and 55-inch Vizio 4K Cinema displays + 6" tablet remote from $699.99 Next Story European trademark filing hints at upcoming Samsung Gear Fit Pro Advertisement Community Activity Refresh Ex-Mozilla Engineer: Don't use third-party antivirus software in Front Page News Seagate looking to introduce 14TB and 16TB drives over the next 18 months in Front Page News Miscellaneous Launches and Payloads (updates) in Science Discussion & News Having trouble installing Windows 10 build 15019? Here's the official workaround in Front Page News Microsoft fixes "out of memory" errors for Windows phone emulators in Windows 10 in Front Page News Google's next Pixel will arrive with improved specs, possibly with a cheaper sibling in Front Page News New Horizons Mission - Pluto + Charon Encounter in Science Discussion & News Alcatel to go down modular path with rumored handset announcement at Mobile World Congress in Front Page News Trending Stories Microsoft working on Cloud Shell, a 'lightweight Windows version for modern computing world' Jan 26, 2017 with 25 comments Samsung to repair S7 edge screens with pink line issue, but there's a catch Jan 26, 2017 with 22 comments Windows 10 build 14393.726 update now on Update Catalog, here are the fixes 21 hours ago with 12 comments Acer tells owners of its Windows 10 Mobile flagship they won't receive Anniversary Update 17 hours ago with 36 comments Related Stories Former Microsoft executive Qi Lu joins Chinese search giant Baidu to boost its AI efforts Jan 17, 2017 Looking back: In 2016, Microsoft became one of the most exciting companies in the tech world Dec 31, 2016 · Hot! Mark Zuckerberg shares awkward video showcasing his personal AI assistant, Jarvis Dec 21, 2016 Google wants developers to claim "natural" voice commands for its expanding Assistant Dec 9, 2016 deals VPN Unlimited: Lifetime Subscription $499.99 $29.99 94% off Scrivener for Windows $40.00 $20.00 50% off Complete White Hat Hacking & Penetration Testing Bundle $888.00 $19.00 98% off PureVPN: Lifetime Subscription $597.00 $69.00 88% off Microsoft Universal Windows Platform Expert Bundle $3,300.00 $39.00 99% off Show Comments 2 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first (thread view) Sort by newest first (thread view) Sort by oldest first (linear view) Sort by newest first (linear view) Advertisement Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Why Did Apple Just File a Vaporizer Patent? Don Reisinger Tech Media Network (Tom's Guide)January 27, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Apple has filed for a pretty odd patent. The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) on Thursday published an Apple patent application for a new "vaporizer" technology. The patent application describes a "chamber body" that can take an unidentified substance that will then be "vaporized or sublimated into a vapor." Apple's patent would take an unidentified substance and vaporize it. Credit: USPTOMore Apple's patent would take an unidentified substance and vaporize it. Credit: USPTO The patent application, which was earlier discovered by Digital Trends, fails to mention exactly how the technology would be used in the real world. Still, as a major technology company, it's not immediately clear what Apple would want with a vaporizer. While the company is dipping its toes into the healthcare industry, vaporizers don't seem to be in its wheelhouse. MORE: Get Ready for iPhone 8 Ferrari: New Model Leaked However, the vaping community is growing in numbers, thanks in no small part to the ongoing popularity of vapes to smoke everything from e-cigarettes to marijuana. Is it possible, then, that Apple is considering a way to get into the vaping world and capitalize on that growing market? That sounds unlikely, and Apple has never made any indication that it would even consider joining that market. However, there are more ways to join the vaping industry than by just offering products. After all, if Apple's technology is heads and shoulders above all others, there might be an opportunity -- if the company so wished -- to license its technology to companies operating in that market. Patent licensing, after all, can be a lucrative option. It's important to note that Apple, like other major technology companies, files for patents all the time on technologies that never make their way to the market. It's entirely possible that this is just one of them, and vaping is little more than a market that one of Apple's employees -- in this case, Tetsuya Ishikawa -- was thinking about and decided to invent something for it. In other words, there might be nothing to this patent other than an idea and some interest in a budding industry. See also : The Best iOS Apps You're Not Using (But Should Be) 29 Hidden iOS 10 Features You Need to Try iOS 10 Messages: All the New Features and How to Use Them Best iOS Games - Top Rated Games by Category Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Look at one of the most stunning iPhone 8 concept designs we’ve ever seen BGR News Get a $100 AT&T Visa® Reward Card DIRECTVSponsored Wristband monitors your blood alcohol content while you drink Yahoo Tech Apple’s iPhone 8 might look a lot like this BGR News Just when you thought Windows Phone couldn’t get any more dead… BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
Home Mail News PLUS7 Finance Sport Lifestyle Entertainment Travel Weather Answers Flickr Tumblr more Mobile Games Messenger Groups The West Australian Search News Search Web Sign In Sign In News Home Home Latest National Sydney Melbourne Brisbane Adelaide Perth Prime7 World Video Photos Weather More Sunday Night Our Team Contact Us More from Yahoo7 Home Mail News TV Finance Sport Lifestyle Entertainment Travel Games Competitions Cars Jobs Real Estate Courses Dating Horoscopes Yahoo7 Apps Mail Weather Flickr Plus7 7News TV Guide Finance Yahoo7 Tools Advertising Privacy Legal Help Latest National Sydney Melbourne Brisbane Adelaide Perth PRIME7 World Video Photos Weather More Sunday Night Our Team Contact Us Apple joins group devoted to keeping AI nice AFP on January 28, 2017, 4:33 am Share Tweet Whatsapp Email Share Apple joins group devoted to keeping AI nice - Yahoo7 Pinterest Tumblr San Francisco (AFP) - A technology industry alliance devoted to making sure smart machines don't turn against humanity said Friday that Apple has signed on and will have a seat on the board. Microsoft, Amazon, Google, Facebook, IBM, and Google-owned British AI firm DeepMind last year established the non-profit organization, called "Partnership on AI," which will have its inaugural board meeting in San Francisco on February 3. Apple "has been involved and collaborating with the partnership since before it was first announced and is thrilled to formalize its membership," the alliance said in an online post. Major technology firms joined forces in the group, with stated aims including cooperation on "best practices" for AI and using the technology "to benefit people and society." Creation of the group came amid concerns that new artificial intelligence efforts could spin out of control and end up being detrimental to society. The companies "will conduct research, recommend best practices, and publish research under an open license in areas such as ethics, fairness, and inclusivity; transparency, privacy, and interoperability; collaboration between people and AI systems; and the trustworthiness, reliability, and robustness of the technology," according to a statement. Internet giants have been investing heavily in creating software to help machines think more like people, ideally acting as virtual assistants who get to know users and perhaps even anticipate needs. SpaceX founder and Tesla chief executive Elon Musk in 2015 took part in creating nonprofit research company OpenAI devoted to developing artificial intelligence that will help people and not hurt them. Musk found himself in the middle of a technology world controversy by holding firm that AI could turn on humanity and be its ruin instead of a salvation. A concern expressed by Musk was that highly advanced artificial intelligence would be left to its own devices, or in the hands of a few people, to the detriment of civilization as a whole. People joining tech company executives on the Partnership board included Dario Amodei of Open AI along with members of the American Civil Liberties Union; the MacArthur Foundation, and the University of California, Berkeley. Share Tweet Whatsapp Email Share Apple joins group devoted to keeping AI nice - Yahoo7 Pinterest Tumblr <p>Sorry, we can't show this content as your browser does not support iframes.</p> Latest From 7News 'We felt frightened': Muslim girls speak out about backlash to Australia Day billboard Top BASE jumper killed in 'tragic wingsuit accident' in China Body found in sand dunes at popular Melbourne beach Police have closed a section of Chelsea Beach after the deceased, believe to be a man wearing a suit, was discovered on Saturday. Teen dies after falling from Sydney 16th-storey balcony Police are investigating a fatal fall from a Sydney balcony. 'Handgate': Trump accused of photoshopping 'feminine hands' The newly sworn in President has been accused of digitally altering images to make his tiny hands look bigger and “more presidential”. Dreamworld boss has 'no concerns' over ride glitch Dreamworld boss Craig Davidson says a glitch that left thrillseekers dangling from its Giant Drop ride for five minutes on Friday is no cause for concern. Show Me More Recommended Videos Compare & Save Personal Loans Unsecured Personal Loan - Fixed comp. rate p.a. 8.86% Fixed Personal Loan comp. rate p.a. 11.99% Unsecured Fixed Personal Loan comp. rate p.a. 16.24% Personal Loan Unsecured comp. rate p.a. 16.85% Fixed Rate Personal Loan-Unsecured comp. rate p.a. 17.07% Personal Ln Unsec Fixed comp. rate p.a. 18.10% Unsecured Personal Loan comp. rate p.a. 5.21% Unsecured Variable Personal Loan comp. rate p.a. 11.89% Unsecured Variable Personal Loan comp. rate p.a. 16.24% Unsecured Variable Personal Loan comp. rate p.a. 16.24% Important Disclosures Compare more Car Loans Car Loan comp. rate p.a. 9.54% Important Disclosures Compare more Home Loans Fresh Start Basic Variable Home Loan comp. rate p.a. 3.94% Great Rate Variable Home Loan comp. rate p.a. 4.09% Important Disclosures Compare more Credit Cards Classic Visa Card purch. rate p.a. 11.80% Vertigo Platinum purch. rate p.a. 12.74% Low Rate Mastercard purch. rate p.a. 12.99% Vertigo Visa purch. rate p.a. 13.24% Vertigo Visa purch. rate p.a. 13.24% Low Rate Visa Card purch. rate p.a. 13.49% Low Rate purch. rate p.a. 13.49% Low Rate Card purch. rate p.a. 13.99% Rewards purch. rate p.a. 18.79% No Annual Fee Credit Card purch. rate p.a. 18.99% Important Disclosures Compare more Savings Accounts High Interest Savings Account max rate p.a. 3.05% Online Savings Account max rate p.a. 3.05% Savings Maximiser max rate p.a. 3.00% Maxi Saver max rate p.a. 2.75% Maxi Saver max rate p.a. 2.75% Online Saver max rate p.a. 2.65% Bonus Saver max rate p.a. 2.60% Progress Saver max rate p.a. 1.91% Reward Saver max rate p.a. 1.75% Incentive Saver Account max rate p.a. 1.75% Important Disclosures Compare more Follow Us MOST VIEWED VIDEOS Migrant drowns in Venice canal as witnesses heard yelling "let him die" Trump supporter's hair set alight at inauguration protest Plane crashes into Perth's Swan River Ruby Rose on Lip Sync Battle Furious Wawrinka snaps racquet clean in half Bucks celebrate Australia Day with Vegemite challenge Dreamworld opens new Lego store as visitor numbers rise again Train collides with FedEx Truck in Utah 'Maybe not': Serena's hilarious Gai Waterhouse hat snub 'I dreamed of a fat baby': Melbourne mum welcomes 6.06kg newborn OUR PICKS 'Joggers must wear helmets' signs pop up on Sydney beaches 'Nothing human can fly that high': NASA cuts live feed after UFO spotted 'Pauline has made bigger mistakes': One Nation candidate dumped over website Gallery staff tell breastfeeding mum milk 'would get onto the art' MOST VIEWED Why Melania's smile disappeared Migrant drowns in Venice canal as witnesses heard yelling "let him die" Trump supporter's hair set alight at inauguration protest Plane crashes into Perth's Swan River Advertise with us Safety Company info Terms Help Jobs 7Corporate Privacy back to top
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « It's Official, Apple moving iTunes International from Luxembourg to Cork Ireland | Main | Apple's CEO Met with Ivanka Trump in Washington and Trump's Manufacturing Council Membership Revealed » January 27, 2017 A Microsoft Patent Reveals a Highly Advanced Home Automation Device that's Miles ahead of Amazon's Echo   Earlier today Patently Apple posted a report titled "The Digital Assistant War for Home Automation Device Supremacy is about to get Really Heated." The report was partly based on a new Reuters report pinning Apple versus Amazon for home automation supremacy. The Reuters report failed to put Microsoft in this battle even though it's widely known that Harman Kardon will be releasing an Echo-like device powered by the Microsoft digital assistant Cortana later this year. Better yet the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office published a patent application from Microsoft yesterday that revealed a very sophisticated, next generation home automation device that is driven by Cortana, Microsoft's digital assistant that in my opinion is miles ahead of the Echo – if they get it to market within a reasonable time frame.   Microsoft's home automation system could leap frog Amazon's Echo driven by Alexa and Google Home driven by Google Assistant. Way beyond voice activation, Microsoft's system will offer a highly sophisticated 3D depth camera in tune with a pico projector to allow video conferencing to occur in any room in your home or office as the imagery could be projected onto a wall instead of a computer display as noted in our cover graphic.   Microsoft's home automation system could be set up in a user's home or office and act as a form of video-intercom. The system could be set up in a home in various configurations such as a device like the Amazon Echo or on the wall or ceiling so that a conversation could take place while a user is moving from room to room.   Overview of Microsoft's Patent Background   Microsoft notes that screen-based desktop videoconferencing, screen-based video presentations and screen-based digital television are now mature technologies, but the requirement for a screen is taxing in terms of space requirements, mobility, and cost. Using smart phones or tablet computers for mobile video conferencing allows for mobility but introduces the difficulty of holding a screen while moving, small image size and difficulty multi-tasking.   More recently, augmented reality has become available as a way of presenting video or other image content. However, augmented reality headsets can be restrictive in some situations and can be difficult to use by novice users, or those with physical disabilities, the elderly and the very young. In the case of augmented reality video conferencing, augmented reality headsets impede the view of the face of both participants if both use headsets, or one participant if that person is not wearing a headset.   Microsoft's remedy is found in one of their latest published inventions that relate to a portable projection unit which has a rotating capture module and a rotating projection module.   The capture module has at least one color camera, at least one microphone and at least one depth camera and is configured to capture images of an environment of the projection unit.   Microsoft's patent FIG. 2 as noted above is a schematic diagram of a room with a projection unit #100 on a table. The projection unit is seen projecting an image #204 onto a wall in the room. In this case the image is of a person #206 who is a remote party of a video call ongoing between the projection unit and another communications device such as a smart phone, laptop computer, meeting room video conferencing equipment, tablet computer or other video conferencing device.   The projection unit is capturing images of the seated user as indicated by triangle #202 and transmitting the captured images to the remote party. In this way screen-less video conferencing is enabled in a simple manner without the need for augmented reality headsets.   The size and shape of the projection unit and the ability to dynamically capture and dynamically project, enable the user to operate the projection unit whilst they carry on a natural conversation eye to eye. The user looks over the projection unit to see the images of the remote participant.   In Microsoft's patent FIG. 3 we're able to see a perspective view of the projection device (unit 100). The projection device is seen as cylindrical and comprises a plurality of cylindrical modules #300, #302, #304, #306, #308 in a stacked arrangement. It's overall appearance is something like Amazon's Echo.   One or more of the cylindrical modules are rotatable about the axis of the cylinder. In some examples, at least two of the cylindrical modules are independently rotatable with respect to one another, about the axis of the cylinder. The projection unit has a flat base which can rest on a table top and, in some examples, is sized and shaped to be portable. The cylindrical design of FIG. 3 is an example only; other designs of projection unit can be used.   The projection unit 100 also comprises a rotating projection module #304 comprising at least one pico projector and optionally comprising an optical arrangement comprising mirrors and/or lenses configured to optically move light projected by the pico projector.   In some examples the rotating projection module is rotating by virtue of the fact that the whole module rotates about its center. In some examples the rotating projection module has the property of rotating by virtue of the fact that the projected light it emits is rotatable with respect to the pico projector by using the optical arrangement. In some examples the rotating projection module rotates about its center and also has an optical arrangement for rotating the projected light with respect to the pico projector.   The projection device comprises one or more loudspeakers. In the example of FIG. 3 cylindrical component #302 is a 360.degree speaker section comprising one or more loudspeakers. In some examples the projection device has one or more loudspeakers where the direction of sound output can be controlled such that the sound appears to be originating from a specified location in the environment.   The projection device comprises a rotating capture module which may be housed in cylindrical component #300. The rotating capture module comprises at least one depth camera, at least one color camera, and at least one microphone.     Microsoft filed their patent application back in July 2015. Considering that this is a patent application, the timing of such a product to market is unknown at this time.   For more on this invention, see our full Patently Mobile report here.     Posted by Jack Purcher on January 27, 2017 at 11:09 AM in 6. Patently Xtra News | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts A Microsoft Patent Reveals a Highly Advanced Home Automation Device that's Miles ahead of Amazon's Echo It's Official, Apple moving iTunes International from Luxembourg to Cork Ireland The Digital Assistant War for Home Automation Device Supremacy is about to get Really Heated Apple's Negotiations with India Could get tangled in Tax Issues from Individual States where Apple sets up Shop Surprisingly Facebook was granted a Patent for 3D Gesturing on a Smartphone earlier this Month Apple Patent Reveals New MacBook Hinge System with Torsion Bar to Provide Variable Cover Resistance Apple is joining the 'Partnership on AI' to Advance Public Understanding of Artificial Intelligence Technologies Hugo Barra Set to Lead Facebook's Virtual Reality Business Apple's Third Major Folding iPhone Invention has come to Light Illustrating a Dual Fold-Out/Fold-In Form Factor Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related, Indoor Mapping Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jan 28, 3:43 AM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Apple And Ireland Taxes: Company Moves Entire International iTunes Business To Ireland By AJ Dellinger On 01/27/17 AT 1:33 PM Close Apple is packing its bags. The technology firm is moving its international iTunes business from its current headquarters in Luxembourg to Ireland at the start of February, according to a report from Ars Technica. The move marks Apple following through on an announcement the company made back in September 2016. At the time, the Cupertino company shifted an estimated $9 billion of iTunes assets to the island nation. It also moved all developer contracts to Apple Distribution International, one of its Irish entities. Starting Feb. 5,, according to a note sent to developers, the entirety of Apple’s non-U.S. iTunes operation will operate out of its European headquarters in Cork, Ireland. Included in the business is the iTunes Store, Apple Music, the App Store and the iBooks Store. Once the iTunes operation takes root in Cork, it will mark an expansion of Apple’s core business in Ireland. The company already employs about 5,500 people in the city of Cork and announced last year a plan to expand its existing operation by up to 1,000 jobs over an 18-month period. The company is the largest private employer in Cork—Ireland’s second-largest city—and economists estimate Apple’s operations in Ireland generate around $24 billion annually in salaries, taxes and investment. While Apple’s move came with plenty of warning, it’s possible to view it as a slight to European Union officials given the tenuous relationship the technology firm has had with regulators over its operations in Ireland. Related Stories Ireland Fights Against EU Order To Collect Taxes From Apple EU Fines Apple $14.5B For Irish Tax Deal The issue stems from Ireland’s extremely generous corporate tax structure. The country levies a 12.5 percent tax on corporations operating within its borders, compared to a 35 percent corporate tax in the United States. Apple landed an even more generous deal with Ireland in exchange for headquartering the European branch of its company in the country. The agreement allows Apple to sell its products with a tax of lower than one percent, and because Apple runs its sales throughout Europe through its Ireland headquarters, most of its sales in the region are barely taxed. In August, the EU found Ireland had been granting illegal tax benefits to Apple, which enabled it to pay substantially less in taxes than its competitors and other businesses—a practice that, by the EU’s account, had been going on for many years. As a result, Apple was required to pay an additional $13.5 billion in taxes, and Ireland was ordered by the EU to collect those fees. Apple voiced its objection to the ruling, arguing it paid all the taxes required of it, and vowed to appeal. In December 2016, Ireland announced its plan to appeal the EU’s push for the country to start collecting from Apple and accused the EU of violating its sovereignty. Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business Trump Has Tax Plan To Pay For Border Wall The U.S. runs a $59 billion trade deficit with Mexico. Imposing a 20 percent tax on imports would raise funds to pay for the wall. Technology Twitter Says FBI Forced It To Share User Data The company made public Friday two national security request asking for user account data without any legal warrants, after the gag orders imposed by FBI were lifted. World Facts And Recipes For The 2017 Chinese Lunar New Year Every year, Chinese families gather from around the world for two weeks at their homes for celebrations and feasts. National ‘Americans Deserve Borders,’ Milo Yiannopoulos Says The Greek-born British journalist said he will build a wall himself to control illegal immigration and that the wall is necessary for the U.S. to flourish. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad How Amazon's Alexa took a bite out of Apple in the battle to control the living room (but it's only round one) Experts say Amazon's openness has been key to its early success hundreds of partners have added support for Alexa  Apple has tighter controls over its HomeKit system  By Reuters Published: 08:01 EST, 27 January 2017 | Updated: 17:30 EST, 27 January 2017 e-mail 8 shares In less than a year, Amazon's combination of the Echo speaker system and the Alexa voice-controlled digital assistant has come close to delivering on the elusive promise of easy-to-use technology that can control gadgets in the home with a few spoken words. Yet Amazon's surprise success sets up a long-term battle with Apple and Alphabet Google for primacy in the connected household. And the contours of that competition are following a classic tech industry dynamic. Amazon's surprise success with its Echo speakers and Alexa smart assistant sets up a long-term battle with Apple and Alphabet Google for primacy in the connected household. Amazon is pursuing an open-systems approach that allows quick development of many features, while Apple is taking a slower route, asserting more control over the technology in order to assure security and ease-of-use. The strategic importance of the 'connected home' niche looms large: Amazon wants a way to own its customer interactions -mainly shopping online - without an Apple phone or a Google Web browser as an intermediary. Apple needs to keep the iPhone at the center of customers' lives, and has built a whole home automation architecture, called Homekit, into its smartphone. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Google Maps can now warn you BEFORE you leave the house if... NASA displays Apollo 1 capsule hatch 50 years after fatal... Microsoft's market value tops $500 BILLION for the first... Panasonic introduces service ROBOTS to Tokyo Narita Airport... Share this article Share Google, for its part, is investing heavily in both intelligent assistant software and home-automation devices like the Nest thermostats and, more recently, the Google Home speaker.  But Google is behind in the race, with its speaker only hitting the market in November and compatible with a handful of gadgets beyond Nest and Dropcam, which the company also owns. 'When the iPhone rolled out in 2007, everyone developed for that. Right now, everyone is developing for the voice-activated Internet,' said Mark Mahaney, an analyst and managing director with RBC Capital Markets. Mahaney estimates Amazon sold as many as 10 million Alexa-enabled devices over the holiday season. Google hasn't disclosed sales for its Home speaker. Apple has declined to comment on reports that it has a voice-activated speaker in the works. The final revamped feature shown for iOS was the Home app, which delivers a simple and secure way to setup, manage and control your home. Users can access and inateract with all their automated home products, no matter who makes them HOW HOMEKIT WORKS  Opening the Home app brings up a main screen that lists all favourite Scenes and favourite accessories for quick access.  Each accessory can be controlled individually by pressing on its name to bring up a set of options. You can also create scenes, such as 'Leaving home' that turns off the lights, locks your doors, and lowers the thermostat — all with one command. You can set up products to trigger each other based on an additional condition, such as setting your bathroom heater to turn on at 6:00 a.m. but only when you're home.  Siri can also listen for voice commands. Apple spokeswoman Trudy Muller said the company is leading the industry by being the first to integrate home automation into a major platform with iOS 10.  'The number of HomeKit-compatible accessories continues to grow rapidly with many exciting solutions announced just this month,' she said. For the smart home, the key developer partners are the makers of household devices ranging from lighting systems to refrigerators.  There are currently about 250 devices that are certified to work with Alexa, and Amazon has encouraged rapid development of third-party applications with its open-systems approach and even financial incentives for some partners. Apple's Homekit, by contrast, has about 100 certified devices.  And the reasons behind that gap show both the risks and the potential rewards of Apple's approach. HOW APPLE EXERTS CONTROL To be Homekit-certified, gadget makers must include special chips to work with Apple's system. Developers that order small volumes of the chips say they can cost an 50 cents to $2, though prices are lower for larger buyers. Apple also requires developers to buy specific WiFi and Bluetooth networking chips that cost more than competitors. The devices have to be made in special factories that are certified by Apple. A confidential Apple document obtained by Reuters lists more than 800 of these factories, but only a few specialize in home automation products. Developers can ask Apple to certify an unlisted factory they want to use. But the limited selection means that device makers can't always get the best prices or work with their preferred factories. The founder of one startup that considered pursuing HomeKit approval for a device that helps control home temperatures said the company picked a factory with 40,000 employees that was making well known 'Star Wars' toys, but it couldn't use that factory for HomeKit products. 'They're a huge company, a legitimate manufacturer that makes tech household brands. And yet they're not certified,' said the founder, who declined to speak on the record because of non-disclosure agreements with Apple. Manufacturers also have to send product samples to Cupertino, where Apple tests them extensively for compatibility. The whole process can take three to five months. During that time, device makers aren't allowed to say publicly that they're pursuing HomeKit certification. Some developers say it's worth it. 'They found issues with our product before we released it that we didn't find in our testing,' said Gimmy Chu, CEO of Nanoleaf, a smart lighting system. 'We know that after we have the certification that it's rock solid.' AMAZON'S 'OPEN' APPROACH Amazon's Echo has been a huge hit Alexa, by contrast, only requires smart home companies to write software code and submit it to Amazon for review.  There are no special chips. To earn the 'Works with Alexa' label -which isn't required to function with Alexa but does help promote products on Amazon's website - startups must have their products physically tested. Amazon does allow that to happen in a third-party lab, however. Once those certifications are in hand, Amazon says it will decide whether or not a device gets the 'Works with Alexa' label within 10 days. Apple's approach has some clear advantages when it comes to privacy, security and ease-of-use. HomeKit gadgets, for example, can operate without being connected to the Internet. (An iPad or Apple TV connected to the Internet is required if you want to control devices when you're outside the house.) 'It also makes for a better user experience,' notes Ahmed Abdallah, a senior engineer at Incipio, which makes HomeKit-compatible devices such as electrical outlets. 'You'll experience some latency if you're always having to bounce off the cloud' as with Alexa. Apple also has an advantage around setup. iPhone owners open up the Home app and set up a device with just a few taps. With Alexa, customers have to download the gadget's companion app first, set up the device, then add a 'skill' to Alexa in the Alexa app. PHILIPS HUE - THE $60 SMART LIGHTS  The Philips hue system is the market-leader in smart lighting for the home.  The $129  starter kit comprises three bulbs and a unit called a 'bridge', that connects your lights to your wifi system, allowing you to control the lights with your iOS or Android smartphone or tablet. If you want to really go to town, you can add up to 50 more bulbs.  Philips $129 starter kit, with two bulbs, a bridge and a switch. As well as being able to control the lights, you can also make the lights respond in certain ways to certain events. For example, if your football team scores, the lights could be programmed to flash.  Or if you get an email from your children, the lights could change colour.  Philips makes a range of lamps for the system, even including bedside lamps like this one The lights can also double as an alarm, and even automatically turn on when you return home.  The firm also recently unveiled a new motion sensor which can work with HomeKit to trigger scenes when you walk in, for instance. It also makes everything from strips of LED lights to physical dimmer switches that can be easily programmed to work with HomeKit.  Apple's ease of setup lured in some big brands like Hunter Fan Company, the top-selling ceiling fan maker in the U.S. 'If that experience isn't good, it has a strong negative halo on the brand because customers just assume the product is bad,' said John Neilson, the company's chief marketing officer. Amazon acknowledges that unlike Apple, it can't guarantee the security of third-party devices. A company spokeswoman did note that sensitive commands like unlocking doors have an extra layer of security such as a voice-controlled PIN. Still, it's not clear whether Apple's elaborate but slow-to-develop system will have enough advantages to overcome Amazon's widening lead. 'The danger I see for Apple and the home is they're assuming that because I have a smartphone that may be an Apple device, that alone is enough of a Trojan horse to establish their mindshare,' said Andreas Stavropoulos, a partner at venture capital firm DFJ. 'I wouldn't say that's certain yet.' REMOTE DOORS LOCKS: THE AUGUST LOCK The firm also makes a 'doorbell cam' The August lock is made of durable anodized aluminum and is fitted to an existing door look in about 10 minutes.  It can then be managed using a mobile or Apple Watch app and online. August works with any Bluetooth-enabled smartphone, although the apps are only available on iOS and Android, and its laterst version adds HomeKit capabilities. To open the lock, anyone with a code can approach the door, enable their phone's Bluetooth and press the relevant address from the app.  Or, swipe and tap their Apple Watch. To open the lock, anyone with a code can approach the door, enable their phone or watch's Bluetooth and press the relevant address from the app. An exploded view of the lock is shown To grant keyless access to friends the homeowner must send them an invite using Facebook contacts or their phone's address book. When someone enters or leaves the house a notification is sent to the owner. The lock automatically closes after 10 seconds to secure the door.  Share or comment on this article e-mail 8 shares Most watched News videos Graphic: NZ Breakers player's eye dislodged in horrific injury Pizza Hut customer finds workers in the back of empty restaurant in Bristol 'There goes that relationship' Trump's quip to BBC question Shocking CCTV shows car speed into Humber Bridge barrier Heartwarming scene as Grayce shares her puppies with owner Florida couple passed out in their car with two children in the backseat A close look at the huge crack formed across Arizona desert Enraged man punches laptop and quits job during 'meltdown' at airport Bizarre footage of multiple UFOs hovering near Mexican border Alarming moment guy violently pushes man onto tube tracks CCTV shows brave man fighting nunchuck-wielding robbers Inauguration etiquette 101: Escort First Lady up White House steps First ladies first? Why didn't Trump wait for Melania at... Hollywood legend John Hurt dies: Two-time Oscar nominee... Two-mile crack is found in the Arizona desert: Giant... What a special relationship! Trump gets touchy-feely with... Live by the sword, die by the sword: Stunning... Devastated father tells how mother died in court 'because... 'Well there goes that relationship!' President Trump... Smiling conman bags £330 'refund' for a TV he just picked... What a special relationship! Trump gets touchy-feely with... 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for... Bizarre moment customer walks into empty Pizza Hut and... The gruesome moment a basketball player's EYE pops out... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read What to do in a nuclear attack: As the world edges closer to doomsday, experts reveal their tips for... Coughton Court's secret room: 3D scans finally unveil a priest hole hidden in the walls of the famous... Can YOU solve this McDonald's maths puzzle? Brainteaser that has left the internet baffled is harder than it... Climate change and NOT humans killed off Australia's Ice Age megabeasts including 500lb kangaroos and... A cluster of UFOs was filmed hovering over the border between the US and Mexico... but the footage has... Corn is turning french hamsters into 'deranged cannibals' that eat their own offspring The ultra secure, self-destructing 'black phone' Donald Trump SHOULD be using revealed amid claims the... Stunned Pittsburgh museum workers find a REAL human skull inside the 148 year old plaster head of a diarama... The ultimate Nerf: $100 'Nemesis' that can hold 100 foam pellets and fire them at 70mph revealed Who's a good boy? Study finds dogs will always share their treats - especially with their friends Talk about going the extra mile! Shark travels half way around the world in just 600 days in new world... Get ready for the iCig: Apple files patent for a VAPE that could also be used for marijuana Did Earth makes its OWN water deep in the mantle? New theory could solve the mystery of our planet's liquid... NASA study reveals how much radiation REALLY hits you when you travel by plane A human-pig hybrid embryo has been created in a world first: Breakthrough could open up the possibility for... MORE HEADLINES MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today The Kushners break bread with Team Trump: Jared and Ivanka welcome members of the President's cabinet for the first big Shabbat meal at their new DC home  Snapping back into shape! Terry Richardson shares NUDE post-baby bod photo of girlfriend Alexandra 'Skinny' Bolotow Controversial snapper Paula Patton and Robin Thicke's girlfriend April Love Geary meet in a Malibu parking lot where the pair appear to communicate through a mediator amid custody battle Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy sweater as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumors Casual look PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy Strolling hand-in-hand Hollywood legend John Hurt dead: Two-time Oscar nominee and Elephant Man actor passes away aged 77 after battling cancer and suffering intestinal complaint Why Jackie O is STILL the First Lady of fashion: A hit film means even more stars trying to copy JFK's widow but they rarely pull it off, says SANDRA HOWARD Mischa Barton says she was drugged while having birthday drinks before meltdown that left her 'screaming about the end of the world' Va va voom! Kendall Jenner sizzles in sheer black gown with thigh-high slit as she leads the stars at Harper's Bazaar event In LA Demi Moore and daughters Tallulah and Scout Willis make for a trio of fashionistas at Harper's Bazaar event Event took place at the Sunset Tower Hotel Revealed: Alan Thicke picked brother over son Robin to care for then-minor son Carter in 2007  The Canadian entertainer died at 69 Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling secretly wed Flashy Nothing to hide! Paris Jackson showcases nipple-piercings as she goes braless in Los Angeles King of Pop's daughter stepped out in LA Bombshell in black and white! Emily Ratajkowski shows off her cleavage in strapless gown for Harper's Bazaar celebration She dazzled 'Two special girls'! Marla Maples shares pointed throwback snap of herself with Ivanka and Tiffany Trump as girls - after Ivanka said she and her stepmother weren't close Red alert! Victoria Justice and Elle Fanning stand out in scarlet at the Harper's Bazaar celebration The two starlets were an arresting sight in red Hilary Duff goes effortlessly chic in double-breasted black pantsuit set at star-studded Harper's Bazaar gala Donned a two-piece black pantsuit Cool customer! EJ Johnson rocks hot pink varsity jacket and Daisy Dukes for spot of shopping  Shopping in Beverly Hills at Saks Fifth Avenue Leggy blonde! Courtney Stodden steps out in platform heels and barely there shorts for lunch in Beverly Hills The reality star wore tiny black shorts  Schuyler Sisters of the hit Broadway musical Hamilton will sing America the Beautiful at Super Bowl 51 In Houston, Texas, on February 5 All that glitters! Julianne Hough bares cleavage in sparkling Zuhair Murad outfit at Harper's BAZAAR 150 Most Fashionable Women event Support system! Paul Rudd joins screenwriter wife Julie at Sundance premiere of their new film Fun Mom Dinner Posed at its world premiere  Bra-vo! Heidi Klum puts on an eye-popping display as she ditches a blouse and opts for a plunging blazer at Harper's Bazaar gala Former Victoria's Secret Angel  David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite Pretty in pattern! Jordana Brewster cuts a stylish figure in a navy and white dress for shopping outing with her son Rowan in Beverly Hills Their love is fantastic! Newly-engaged Kate Mara and Jamie Bell beam while hand-in-hand on outing in LA Brokeback Mountain star Gal pals Kristen Stewart and Chloe Grace Moretz spend THIRD day in a row together at gym in LA The 26-year-old Twilight star  Fresh face: Reese Witherspoon looks radiant after treating herself to retail therapy at skin care store Spotted in Beverly Hills, California  'Summer Is Coming': Kelly Rohrbach sizzles and Priyanka Chopra chills in steamy 'moving posters' for upcoming Baywatch film A series of 'moving poster' videos A hat trick of stars! Alyssa Milano, Jon Hamm and Michael J. Fox shine at NHL 100 Gala The event was at the Microsoft Theater at L.A.  Todd Fisher announces joint public memorial service for sister Carrie and mother Debbie Reynolds It's been a sad few weeks for the Fisher family PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Enjoyed a carefree night out with friends in Los Angeles 'I'm still in shock': Drew Barrymore confesses she's 'not ready' to begin dating...five months after officially divorcing Will Kopelman 'It gets so much worse': RHOA's Kandi Burruss hits back at co-star Porsha Williams over threesome and lesbian rumors  'Drinking a lot of beer and eating a lot of cheeseburgers': Matthew McConaughey talks 21kg (47lbs) weight gain for new role as he transforms his body AGAIN  39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy The 19 Kids And Counting star DJ Khaled, John Legend, and Luke Bryan announced as new advisors on The Voice alongside Celine Dion New line-up is revealed for the show 'He joined the Nazi Party': The Young and the Restless star Eric Braeden reveals details about his German father and long career in new memoir The couple that works together: Alanis Morissette and husband Mario 'Souleye' Treadway team up for wintry Snow Angel music video Buxom Pamela Anderson, 49, rolls back the years as she shows off her famous cleavage in plunging party dress at Paris bash Baywatch babe Turning the tables! Sofia Richie rocks pink jacket as she practises photography skills while out and about in LA She decided to take her turn at the other end of the camera  Welcome to Pippa's wedding of the year: A marquee for 350 in mum and dad's back garden. A Caribbean honeymoon BEFORE the big day. And a naughty best man Anne Hathaway is movie star chic in all black ensemble with dark shades and bold red lip as she steps out in NYC She is 34 She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session Keeping fit That's certainly one way to catch the Royal eye! ROBERT HARDMAN on how the Queen undertook her first public engagement of 2017 with a celebration of all things Fijian 'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear The 19-year-old reality star Quirk it! Melissa George, 40, flaunts shapely pins in bold silver mini dress complete with hot-pink sleeves as she attends awards gala in Paris No time for jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio hits the gym in Victoria's Secret gym gear... just a day after flying from Paris to LA A model's work is never done!  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn She's gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny, to a multi-millionaire  As the Queen opens her secret archive for the first time ROBERT HARDMAN is given exclusive access to astonishing revelations about the real George III EXCLUSIVE: Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for makeout sessions during NYC dinner date Fun family yoga! Coco Austin holds her baby girl in the air while resting on her sister's hands and feet in impressive new Instagram pic 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour She bared her taut legs as she posed for a selfie Pictured: William and Kate get $25,000 yew hedge to give their new palace home some privacy  The royal couple have hired gardeners Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat She let fans glimpse how much work goes into getting ready SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Elizabeth Hurley's favorite photographer, son Damian, 14 He took this picture in the Maldives which she shared on social media Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Sharon Stone, 58, shows off her perfect bikini body in a black two-piece on sunshine break  Looked almost ageless Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbors found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back She died aged 22 Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Out in the Big Apple 'I decided to save my own life': Woman, 44, loses 35 KILOS in two years by running and following an alkaline diet... and she says 'anyone can do it' The 'Oh Yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer $175million but he's never even SEEN the movie You look a bit of a plonker in that, Rodders! Rock star Stewart's new look is a little more UK TV star Del Boy chic, as the French say, than millionaire crooner REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips naked to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap She is covered by just a white sheet Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Reportedly uninvited  Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Paying respects It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym The beautiful 27-year-old British actress Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 Worn by the 65-year-old actor in the 1992 movie A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Posed on the beach Aloha! Amber Rose showcases curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Not one to usually shy away from showing off her eye-popping figure 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She won't return Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in defamation case Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 The Royals actress Paula Patton claims ex Robin Thicke invited his drug dealer to their son's 5th birthday and that he punched her in court documents as she fights for sole custody  Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school students during Malawi charity trip Shed her usual pop star privileges He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles The DNCE frontman  Katherine Webb is accused of 'body shaming' after she shared an image of her son's bare bottom while stating it is the 'only time butt dimples are cute' Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  She died on Wednesday Rapper Chief Keef is arrested at his million-dollar LA home after his former producer accused the artist of 'assaulting and robbing him with an AK-47' Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram She's looking hotter than ever on social media Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-colored bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Crazy for couture! FEMAIL rounds up the girliest one-of-a-kind gowns from Paris Couture Fashion Week and shows you where to shop equally pretty pieces for much less 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photo of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing The beauty shared images of her injuries Make way for Megyn! NBC 'to revamp the Today show and possibly move Hoda and Kathie Lee from their timeslot when Kelly joins the network' 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set Highly anticipated 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik Swift at her sexiest Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander Dominic and Alicia have worked together before Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches in between takes on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl She is yet to confirm they are expecting a second child As Couture Fashion Week comes to a close, FEMAIL breaks down the street style outfits modeled by Bella Hadid, Olivia Palermo and Kendall Jenner  'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears She captioned the pic: '#Legends #BlondesRule #FBF' Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Gideon and Harper were making cupcakes Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Her character will give fans a closer look into Will's timeline Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project in New York City She is in the city shooting bio-pic Can You Ever Forgive Me? Beauty crash course: Kate Hudson's manicurist shares the surprising household items you can use to create on-trend DIY nail looks this weekend  Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for appearance on The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Judy Garland's remains are dug up from her grave in New York and moved to LA 48 years after her death by her daughter Liza Minnelli  'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on 47lbs for new film Gold Nothing says I love you like bondage rope... Gwyneth Paltrow debuts saucy Valentine's gift guide filled with crude jewelry, risque lingerie and organic condoms Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice The Rich Girl hitmaker gushed: 'There's nobody like Celine' City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman Bristol Palin shares snap of herself testing out new pregnancy pillow given to her by her husband and son, just days after she slammed the Women's March Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Spotted in Los Angeles Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage's disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX He gave a glimpse of his battle with baldness on Thursday 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of fine for dangerous cliff diving During a break in filming on Pacific Rim: Uprising Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after the school run Mother of three kids and a successful actress Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Posing on her Snapchat Story in a sheer top In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day out  Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Hotly anticipated movie Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! A pram fit for a king! Pregnant Cheryl and One Direction's Liam Payne get delivery from Royal family favorite company Preparing Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Logan actor hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Funny clip She's got the moves! Steph Curry's adorable daughter Riley, 4, steals the show again with impromptu dab-off at father's high school jersey retirement Rafael Nadal's girlfriend Xisca Perello joins him for the first time at Australian Open and gives him some VERY close support... as he reaches the final 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organized pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks Is this your shady sitcom star? Tom Arnold tweets about 'weather in Africa' as I'm A Celebrity posts silhouette video that matches Roseanne actor PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  Very excited fans Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes her dog for a walk... amid rumors her relationship with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain is over Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live by Night results in $75million loss for Warner Bros Took critical response to Batman v Superman very personally Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North Ultimate bachelorette pad! Mary Tyler Moore's home from her days as Mary Richards goes on sale for $1.7m boasting seven bedrooms, nine bathrooms and SAUNA  Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Shout out to my (other) ex: Perrie Edwards deletes Instagram snap of boyfriend Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain after that nightclub row  Is it over already? Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich, UK Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child, ex Paula Patton and her mother'  Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub Mistakenly named as an Oscar nominee. Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend She took a stroll in West Hollywood Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco Obama is set to cash in on presidency with a reported $20MILLION advance for his memoirs  'Go for more than any president's before it' From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  'Do better!' Lucy Hale is slammed on Twitter after joking about showing off 'baby hairs' in a shoot, prompting many to accuse her of ignorance  Portraits fit for the Queen go up for auction: Pictures of Royals and political leaders by artist who painted Her Majesty while she watched racing on TV  Specs appeal! Baywatch beauty Priyanka Chopra rocks aviator eyeglasses while out in New York City Plays Alex Parrish on the ABC thriller Quantico A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a TV show appearance 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Throwback Thursday! Kristen Bell shares snap of her crying at her 2013 wedding to Dax Shepard The 36-year-old actress wrote: '#tbt to when I cried at our wedding' 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere On the red carpet Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC  She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leaves for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Jetting off 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke Will headline an upcoming ABC thriller  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala Forever associated with his on-screen love affair 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body The 32-year-old reality star  Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  They seem to be serious From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Is it really worth paying £280 for the Switch? MailOnline gives its verdict on Nintendo's latest console While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Can a burger made from plants really taste as good as one made from meat? They're bestsellers in America - and heading here. So do they pass the taste test for meat-mad Tom and strict Vegan Tanith...  285 comments 1 video SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About Extra Sign-in About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Extra Sign-in About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Confirmation hearings ObamaCare Donald Trump SPONSORED: The Latino Economy Just In... Dem senator hits colleagues silent on Trump's refugee ban Blog Briefing Room — 5h 6m ago Democrats denounce Trump's actions barring refugees Blog Briefing Room — 5h 45m ago State Dept web page on refugees disappears Blog Briefing Room — 6h 9m ago Trump to speak with Putin, other world leaders Saturday Blog Briefing Room — 6h 55m ago Trump orders publication of stats on terror-linked crime by foreign nationals Administration — 7h 40m ago Warren goes on tweetstorm over refugee ban Blog Briefing Room — 7h 48m ago Opposites attract: May, Trump appear to be on same page Contributors — 8h 31m ago Kamala Harris: 'Make no mistake — this is a Muslim ban' Ballot Box — 8h 38m ago view all   Apple CEO had dinner with Ivanka, Kushner: report By Mark Hensch - 01/27/17 01:27 PM EST 10   © Getty Images Apple CEO Tim Cook reportedly had dinner with President Trump’s daughter, Ivanka, and her husband, Jared Kushner in D.C. on Thursday, Politico said Friday that Lisa Jackson, Apple’s vice president of environment, policy and social initiatives, was also present during the meal at Tosca in downtown Washington. Jackson is a former administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and is currently a Clinton Foundation board member. Ivanka Trump has been reportedly interested in a climate-centered role in her father's White House. Cook said in an internal memo sent to Apple employees last month he met Trump to have a say in the future of tech policy. ADVERTISEMENT “I think it’s very important to do that because you don’t change things just by yelling,” he wrote in the Dec. 19, 2016, document. "You change things by showing everyone why your way is the best. “In many ways, it’s a debate of ideas. Personally, I’ve never found being on the sideline a successful place to be. The way you influence these issues is to be in the arena.” Apple chose not to financially support last July’s Republican National Convention in Cleveland, where Trump formally received the GOP’s presidential nomination. The company has contributed funds to both Republican and Democratic national conventions during past election cycles. Tags Apple, Hillary Clinton, Donald Trump, Business, Technology, Politics, Republicans   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 Surprise! Trump doing what he said... In his first frantic week at the White House, Donald Trump is doing almost... 386 Shares 2 THE MEMO: Five takeaways from... The Trump we saw on Friday was not as combative or as colorful as he can... 227 Shares 3 'Calexit' supporters can start... "Calexit" supporters need nearly 600,000 signatures from registered voters... 213 Shares 4 Trump bans Syrian refugees,... President Trump on Friday signed an executive order that he said would... 162 Shares 5 Franken: No Dems will vote to... Sen. Al Franken (D-Minn.) says President Trump’s pick for secretary of... 132 Shares 6 Trump: Persecuted Christian... “They’ve been horribly treated,” Trump said in an interview with Christian... 99 Shares 7 Poll: Trump voters OK with a... According to a new poll by Public Policy Polling, supporters of President... 93 Shares 8 Dem senator hits colleagues silent... Sen. Chris Murphy (D-Conn.) hit fellow lawmakers on Twitter Friday night,... 93 Shares 9 In gamble, Trump team embraces... Trump and his advisers cheered after the Dow crossed 20,000 points for the... 74 Shares 10 Trump brought up ending Electoral... President Trump told congressional leaders he was considering getting rid... 66 Shares 11 Wall Street Journal: Trump’s... The Wall Street Journal on Thursday slammed President Trump’s treatment of... 58 Shares 12 Trump, Mexican president agree to... "The Presidents also agreed for now to not publicly talk about this... 56 Shares 13 Gabbard meeting with Assad draws... Democrats and Republicans appear equally rattled at Rep. Tulsi Gabbard's... 54 Shares 14 Rubio's Tillerson vote is why... OPINION | The Florida senator always talks a good game, but never follows... 53 Shares 15 GOP lawmakers voice concerns over... "That’s going to be called Trumpcare," GOP lawmaker says of replacement. 44 Shares 16 Trump signs directive spurring '...  President Trump on Friday afternoon signed an executive memorandum that... 43 Shares 17 Albright: I'm 'ready to register... Former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright said Wednesday she is... 43 Shares 18 Anti-Defamation League knocks... Jonathan Greenblatt, CEO of the Anti-Defamation League, blasted the White... 42 Shares 19 New wave of anti-evolution bills... New legislation introduced in a handful of states would allow alternatives... 41 Shares 20 Trump team prepares dramatic cuts Donald Trump is ready to take an ax to government spending.  41 Shares 21 McConnell all but rules out... Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) in a sit-down interview... 41 Shares 22 Spicer takes issue with CNN... The official website for the event repeatedly refers to it as a... 40 Shares 23 Democrats denounce Trump's actions... Democrats resoundingly condemned Trump’s executive action on refugees and... 40 Shares 24 Sanders applauds scientists '... Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) took to Facebook to throw his support behind... 40 Shares 25 Week ahead: Russian sanctions in... The debate over Russia sanctions is taking center stage as Trump prepares... 39 Shares 26 Trump sets dizzying WH pace in... In his first days in office, President Trump is taking on a dizzying... 38 Shares 27 Zuckerberg criticizes Trump on... Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg's criticism seems likely to increase... 36 Shares 28 McCain warns Trump he'll fight on... Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) is urging President Trump not to make a "... 35 Shares 29 Pence: 'Life is winning again in... Vice President Pence assured anti-abortion protestors Friday that their... 35 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
News Analysis Back A Week in Wireless Interviews Opinion Video Intelligence Back About Intelligence Whitepapers/eBooks Industry Survey Reports Polls Webinars Awards Resource Centre Back View all companies Add your company My Resource Centre Packages About Jobs More Back About Us Get our newsletter Advertise with us Event Calendar Press Releases Contact Us 4G/LTE 4K/8K Video 5G BSS/OSS Cloud Apps Digital Transformation IoT Network Security NFV SDN Test & Measurement UBB News Analysis Back A Week in Wireless Interviews Opinion Video Intelligence Back About Intelligence Whitepapers/eBooks Industry Survey Reports Polls Webinars Awards Resource Centre Back View all companies Add your company My Resource Centre Packages About Jobs More Back About Us Get our newsletter Advertise with us Event Calendar Press Releases Contact Us 4G/LTE 4K/8K Video 5G BSS/OSS Cloud Apps Digital Transformation IoT Network Security NFV SDN Test & Measurement UBB Telecoms.com news Oppo moves to number 1 spot in Chinese smartphone market Written by Scott Bicheno 1 day ago The latest research from Counterpoint on the Chinese smartphone market shows the extent of Oppo’s remarkable rise from minnow to big fish. The whole market managed relatively healthy growth of 12% in Q4 2016 and 6% for the full year, a decent effort considering the stagnant nature of the global market. Among the vendors the Chinese market seems especially volatile, with little apparent brand loyalty, and the current leader of the pack is Oppo. “The final quarter of the year was marked with series of flagship upgrades from key brands such as Apple, Oppo, Huawei, Xiaomi which catalyzed the smartphone demand in China, healthier than last year,” said James Yan of Counterpoint. “Chinese e-commerce players such as Alibaba also helped drive the momentum with 11.11 sale during the quarter which broke all the records compared to last year. “Only five brands registered healthy growth during the full year 2016. Oppo, Huawei, vivo, Meizu and Gionee drove the majority of the volume, capturing a combined 58% of the total Chinese smartphone market in 2016. Demand for rest of the brands declined, especially last year’s star performers Xiaomi and Apple with lower-than-expected demand for their smartphones during the year.” The most successful companies in the Chinese market at a given moment seem simply to be the ones with the most aggressive business strategies, including pricing, marketing and distribution. “Huawei was the leading vendor for the full year with strong demand not only for its affordable Honor branded smartphones but also healthy demand for flagship P and Mate series,” said Tarun Pathak of Counterpoint. “Huawei has gained a foothold in the premium market with the successful release of P9 and Mate 8 and will continue to put more emphasis in the premium market going forward challenging Apple. In 2017, we expect Huawei to bear the fruit of its offline channel expansion strategy started in late 2015 to cover 1,000 provinces by the end of the year. “Oppo & vivo were the fastest growing brand and since June 2016 we have seen phenomenal growth for both the brands owing to strong omnipresent distribution channels from tier-1 to tier-4 cities across China, aggressive ATL and BTL marketing, effective retail-level promotions for both trade and consumers and effective positioning with focus on key features such as camera, battery life and audio within their smartphones. Though, Oppo has been leading the quarterly rankings ahead of rival Huawei in the second half of 2016.” A lot of the specific models sold in China won’t be familiar to most western consumers and the unimaginative, numerical nature of most product names betrays how commoditized the smartphone market has become. “More than 500 smartphone models were active during the year contributing meaningfully to the overall volumes,” said Neil Shah of Counterpoint. “However, only the top 20 models contributed to roughly a third of the total market share. While the smartphone user base is at an all-time-high and maturing, still bulk of the popular models are still skewed towards the mid-end which puts a cap on growth for players such as Apple. “Looking at the OEMs’ overall rankings, there is no surprise that Oppo, Huawei, vivo and Apple dominate the best seller rankings. The Oppo R9 rose to the best-selling smartphone in China in 2016, breaking Apple’s iPhone dominance streak as the best-seller for the first time since 2012. For every winner there has to be a loser and the ascendance of Oppo, Vivo, etc seems to have been at the expense of Lenovo, Coolpad and Xiaomi. Here are a few tables illustrating all that lovely data.       Tags: China, counterpoint, OPPO, Q4 2016, smartphone Leave a comment Cancel reply Connect with: -or- Log in with your Telecoms.com account Alternatively, post a comment by completing the form below: Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <strike> <strong> Related Content Italy, Ofcom and Brexit weigh heavily on BT quarterlies Microsoft, Google and VMware prove the cloud is more than wet air Ericsson CEO teases new strategy with Gretsky quote Alibaba earnings show its more than just an online bargain hunter's paradise Webinars View all Boosting mobile video quality with analytics 31 January 2017 White Papers View all Data Revelations: Nominum Data Science Security Report Share 15 Dec 2016 Network maintenance evolution and best practices for NFV assurance Share 22 Nov 2016 The African Market Outlook 2016 Share 15 Nov 2016 Events View all FTTH Conference 14-16 February 2017 View Event Next Generation Optical Networking Africa 14-15 February 2017 View Event Container World 21-23 February 2017 View Event Polls View all Are you confident in Google's ability to diversify is business? Yes - Google Cloud is the most interesting Yes - it will eventually crack the connectivity market Yes - Google Assistant and the smart home have brilliant prospects No - it will always be a search advertising company  Loading ... Twitter View all It seems that #Apple's Partnership on #AI invitation got lost in the post https://t.co/9aY47QEjZU 27 January 2017 @ 20:07:34 UTC #Oppo moves to number 1 spot in Chinese #smartphone market https://t.co/iGTIkV9EQE #handsetsdevices #china 27 January 2017 @ 18:27:58 UTC Address: Telecoms.com, 5 Howick Place, London, UK, SW1P 1WG ©Telecoms.com 2017. All rights reserved. Privacy & Cookies About Us Contact Us Advertise with us Connect with us: Websites are now required by law to gain your consent before applying cookies. We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. Parts of the website may not work as expected without them. By closing or ignoring this message, you are consenting to our use of cookies. X
News Analysis Back A Week in Wireless Interviews Opinion Video Intelligence Back About Intelligence Whitepapers/eBooks Industry Survey Reports Polls Webinars Awards Resource Centre Back View all companies Add your company My Resource Centre Packages About Jobs More Back About Us Get our newsletter Advertise with us Event Calendar Press Releases Contact Us 4G/LTE 4K/8K Video 5G BSS/OSS Cloud Apps Digital Transformation IoT Network Security NFV SDN Test & Measurement UBB News Analysis Back A Week in Wireless Interviews Opinion Video Intelligence Back About Intelligence Whitepapers/eBooks Industry Survey Reports Polls Webinars Awards Resource Centre Back View all companies Add your company My Resource Centre Packages About Jobs More Back About Us Get our newsletter Advertise with us Event Calendar Press Releases Contact Us 4G/LTE 4K/8K Video 5G BSS/OSS Cloud Apps Digital Transformation IoT Network Security NFV SDN Test & Measurement UBB Telecoms.com news It seems that Apple’s Partnership on AI invitation got lost in the post Written by Jamie Davies 1 day ago Apple is the latest member of the tech community to be officially join the Partnership on AI as a ‘founding member’. The group itself was founded back in September with the aim of managing the development of artificial intelligence. More specifically, the aim is to ensure the continued development of AI remains beneficial to individuals and society on the whole, and to minimize the unavoidable negative impact, such as careers becoming redundant. Apple now joins the likes of Facebook, Microsoft, IBM, Google and Amazon as a founding member, despite the group already being four months old. According to the announcement, Apple has been ‘involved and collaborating with the Partnership since before it was first announced’, which sounds like a mound of PR bullsh*t, but who are we to complain. Alongside Apple, the group will also welcome OpenAI, Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence & ASU, UC Berkeley, American Civil Liberties Union, MacArthur Foundation and Peterson Institute of International Economics. While the Apple introduction will grab the headlines, the rest are perhaps much more important. Prior to the latest recruitment drive, membership was made up solely of the technology companies. The ambitions of the group on the whole was wider than just technology development, it has set out a wider responsibility to oversee other areas such as societal, cultural and economic impact. It’s all well and good saying objectives will be so universal, but let’s honest, these are technology companies who are chasing profits; it would have probably been very self-serving. However, with the latest members who, will sit on the Board of Directors, the self-serving interests become much broader. Deirdre Mulligan from UC Berkeley is a legal expert. Carol Rose, from the American Civil Liberties Union, works to defend the rights set forth in the Constitution and the Bill of Rights. Eric Sears leads MacArthur’s work to address the social and rights-based implications of new and emerging technologies. Jason Furman from the Peterson Institute for International Economics was President Obama’s chief economist. One of the concerns of many AI critics has been the negative impact of AI on certain professions, taxi drivers for example. Once AI and autonomous vehicles have been perfected, will there be any need for taxi drivers? Probably not, a piece of software could probably do it better. But was is to be done with the millions of taxi drivers who are now redundant, some of which will be too old to retrain but not old enough for state pensions. How will these individuals support themselves? These are some of the questions which the industry needs to ask governments around the world. Bureaucracy has a habit of falling behind the development of technology, but in this case, it cannot be allowed to happen. The new appointments to the Board of Directors should, in theory, keep the tech companies honest, making sure they are working to minimize the negative impacts of AI on society on the whole. The breadth of experience involved in the management and activities of the Partnership on AI is far more wide reaching that simply the technical development. With these individuals involved it is now much more feasible the work will focus on making AI work for society, not just improving a money making tool for the technology companies. It’s an encouraging sign. Tags: Apple, Artificial Intelligence, digital transformation Leave a comment Cancel reply Connect with: -or- Log in with your Telecoms.com account Alternatively, post a comment by completing the form below: Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <strike> <strong> Related Content Nokia gets in on the voice UI game Qualcomm hurls insults at Apple in response to lawsuit Facebook hits AI roadblock on news feed SAP shows the world how digital transformation is done Webinars View all Boosting mobile video quality with analytics 31 January 2017 White Papers View all Data Revelations: Nominum Data Science Security Report Share 15 Dec 2016 Network maintenance evolution and best practices for NFV assurance Share 22 Nov 2016 The African Market Outlook 2016 Share 15 Nov 2016 Events View all Next Generation Optical Networking Africa 14-15 February 2017 View Event FTTH Conference 14-16 February 2017 View Event Container World 21-23 February 2017 View Event Polls View all Are you confident in Google's ability to diversify is business? Yes - Google Cloud is the most interesting Yes - it will eventually crack the connectivity market Yes - Google Assistant and the smart home have brilliant prospects No - it will always be a search advertising company  Loading ... Twitter View all It seems that #Apple's Partnership on #AI invitation got lost in the post https://t.co/9aY47QEjZU 27 January 2017 @ 20:07:34 UTC #Oppo moves to number 1 spot in Chinese #smartphone market https://t.co/iGTIkV9EQE #handsetsdevices #china 27 January 2017 @ 18:27:58 UTC Address: Telecoms.com, 5 Howick Place, London, UK, SW1P 1WG ©Telecoms.com 2017. All rights reserved. Privacy & Cookies About Us Contact Us Advertise with us Connect with us: Websites are now required by law to gain your consent before applying cookies. We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. Parts of the website may not work as expected without them. By closing or ignoring this message, you are consenting to our use of cookies. X
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE iOS 10.2 Jailbreak Released With Working MobileSubstrate! [Download] Save Your iOS 10.2 Blobs Before Its Too Late! How to Jailbreak Your iPhone on iOS 10.2 Using Yalu and Cydia Impactor (Windows) iPhone 8 Concept Featuring Curved Display [Video] How to Jailbreak Your iPhone on iOS 10.2 Using Yalu and Cydia Impactor (Mac) Anker's 10ft PowerLine+ Lightning Cable is On Sale for $14.99 (63% Off) Source Code for iOS 10.2 Jailbreak Posted iOS 10.3 Will Update Your iPhone's File System to APFS Satechi USB-C Power Meter Measures Volts, Amps, and mAh Output Apple Releases Public Beta of iOS 10.3 [Download] HBO GO App Updated With Support for Single Sign-On, TV App Apple Joins Partnership on AI as Founding Member Apple Support App Now Available in 22 Countries Apple Releases Public Beta of macOS Sierra 10.12.4 With Night Shift iOS 10.3 Beta Contains Hidden One-Handed Floating Keyboard for iPad [Images] Verizon to Support Wi-Fi Calling on iCloud Connected Devices in iOS 10.3 iPhone X Concept Based on Recent iPhone Rumors [Video] Google Adds 'Popular Times' Feature to Google Maps App for iOS Google Translate App Now Supports Instant Camera Translation From Japanese to English watchOS 3.2 to Bring New Theater Mode, SiriKit, WatchKit Enhancements Apple Joins Partnership on AI as Founding Member LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted 17 hours ago by iClarified · 1748 views · Translate Apple has joined the Partnership on AI as a founding member. The company has been involved and collaborating with the Partnership since before it was announced. Apple now formally joins other members including Amazon, Facebook, Google, IBM, and Microsoft. The Partnership on AI has three main goals: Support Best Practices To support research and recommend best practices in areas including ethics, fairness, and inclusivity; transparency and interoperability; privacy; collaboration between people and AI systems; and of the trustworthiness, reliability, and robustness of the technology. Advance Understanding To advance public understanding and awareness of AI and its potential benefits and potential costs to act as a trusted and expert point of contact as questions/concerns arise from the public and others in the area of AI and to regularly update key constituents on the current state of AI progress. Create an Open Platform for Discussion and Engagement To provide a regular, structured platform for AI researchers and key stakeholders to communicate directly and openly with each other about relevant issues. You can learn more about the Partnership on Artificial Intelligence at the link below... Read More Follow iClarified Comments Add Comment Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
ETF News Best ETFs Top Rated ETFs Best ETF Categories ETF Screener Tools ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETFs Hold Your Stock Find ETFs By Leverage Find ETFs By Asset Class Free Newsletter Search Qualcomm Looks Ripe For A Rebound Right Now January 27, 2017 12:59pm NASDAQ:QCOM ShareTweet From Bob Ciura: Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM) has had a terrible run in the past month. Shares have lost 17% just since the beginning of 2017. The new year has not been kind to Qualcomm. The stock fell another 5% when the company reported fiscal first-quarter earnings, even though Qualcomm beat expectations on earnings per share. Investors have rushed for the exits on news of a $1 billion lawsuit by Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), one of Qualcomm’s biggest customers. Thanks to the share price decline, Qualcomm shares are cheap, with a nearly 4% dividend yield. Use the short-term pessimism as a buying opportunity. Ignore the Noise, Buy Qualcomm Shares Apple’s lawsuit alleges Qualcomm has charged unfair royalty rates, and that Qualcomm has abused its stranglehold on the global chip industry. This is a difficult situation for Qualcomm, no doubt. It is a major supplier to Apple, and $1 billion is clearly not a trivial sum. However, it’s worth noting that these kinds of spats over intellectual property routinely happen in the technology industry. Analysts widely expect the two companies to continue their harmonious relationship. In Qualcomm’s conference call to discuss its quarterly earnings, CEO Steve Mollenkopf said that there is “no better long-term partner for Apple than Qualcomm.” And, he reassured analysts that Qualcomm fully intends to remain a good supplier for Apple. It’s in the best interest of both Qualcomm and Apple to end the lawsuit, and maintain their mutually-beneficial relationship. The lawsuit has taken attention away from Qualcomm’s performance, which has improved over the past several quarters. Short-Term Volatility, Long-Term Opportunity In the fiscal 2017 first quarter, Qualcomm grew revenue and adjusted earnings per share by 4% and 23%, respectively. The technology licensing business was Qualcomm’s best performer last quarter. Revenue rose 13% year over year, thanks largely to 8% growth in 3G and 4G device shipments. Qualcomm earned $1.19 per share for the quarter, as adjusted for one-time items. This beat expectations, which called for $1.18 per share. However, revenue slightly missed expectations. Revenue clocked in at $5.99 billion, while analysts expected revenue of $6.12 billion. Going forward, Qualcomm could see accelerated growth, thanks to new product launches. The company unveiled the 835 Snapdragon processor at this year’s CES trade show. And, Qualcomm is working on chips and processors for 5G rollout. The next growth wave for Qualcomm will be centered around connectivity. Due to its industry-leading position, Qualcomm should have no trouble entering the Internet of Things, autonomous vehicles and virtual reality. Qualcomm’s foray into these growth areas will be accelerated by its massive $47 billion takeover of NXP Semiconductor (NASDAQ:NXPI), which has a huge semiconductor portfolio that caters to self-driving vehicles and unmanned drones. The deal is expected to close in 2017, and should add to Qualcomm’s growth immediately. Qualcomm Shares at a Bargain The scary headlines have made for higher-than-usual volatility in the Qualcomm stock price. The pessimism has brought down Qualcomm stock, but investors should not lose sight of the long term. The Apple lawsuit will be settled with time, and the long-term future of the company remains bright. Qualcomm has returned to growth, as the smartphone boom is nowhere close to running out of steam. If anything, the elevated headline risk has made Qualcomm shares a bargain. Shares trade for a price to earnings ratio of 14. By comparison, the S&P 500 Index has an average price to earnings ratio of 25. And, Qualcomm’s share price dip has elevated the dividend yield to 4%. This is double the average dividend yield of the S&P 500. Qualcomm should continue to return huge amounts of cash to shareholders. The company returned $1.2 billion to investors last quarter alone, through dividends and share repurchases. Its huge cash returns are thanks to its excellent balance sheet. The company ended last quarter with $29.7 billion of cash, marketable securities, and long-term investments, compared with just $9.9 billion of long-term debt. As a result, long-term income investors should add Qualcomm to their watch lists. Qualcomm, Inc. (NASDAQ:QCOM) was trading at $54.29 per share on Friday afternoon, up $0.24 (+0.44%). Year-to-date, QCOM has declined -16.73%, versus a 2.45% rise in the benchmark S&P 500 index during the same period. Disclosure: The author is personally long QCOM and AAPL. This article is brought to you courtesy of Wyatt Investment Research. Tags: NASDAQ:QCOM Qualcomm semiconductors technology Categories: NASDAQ:QCOM Read Next Qualcomm Posts Mixed Q1 Earnings Amid Legal Actions From Apple, Regulators Qualcomm’s Earnings Beat View, But Forecast Could Miss Are Semiconductor ETFs a Buy After Qualcomm/NXP Mega Merger? QUALCOMM Finalizes Deal to Buy NXP Semiconductor for $110 Per Share Semiconductor ETF Jumps on News of Qualcomm’s $30B Pursuit of NXP Recommended for You Get Free Updates Join over 50,000 investors who get the latest news from ETFDailyNews.com! Subscribe Most Popular BlackRock: Inflation Is Surging, So Buy Some Gold So, The Dow Hit 20K For The First Time In History — Now What? These Two Gold Ratios Could Determine Where Prices Are Headed This Year Our Exclusive Tools Best ETFs List Best ETF Categories ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETF Holds Your Stock Search ETFs By Leverage Search ETFs By Asset Class Sponsored Content From Our Partners Explore More from ETFDailyNews.com Free Daily Newsletter Get daily ETF insights from our market experts. Never miss another important market development again! Sign Me Up ETFDailyNews.com respects your privacy. Best ETFs We've rated and ranked nearly 2,000 ETFs and ETNs using our proprietary SMART Grade system. View Top Rated ETFs Best Categories We've ranked dozens of ETF categories based on relative performance. Best ETF Categories ©2017 ETF Daily News About Us | Authors | Contact Us | Terms of Use
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Apple just patented a vape Mike Wehner BGR NewsJanuary 27, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Apple files lots of patents for lots of potential products and manufacturing methods. Some are weird, some are cool, and some make almost no sense, but a newly uncovered patent application from the company is one of the rare examples of all three; Apple just patented a vape. Don't Miss: The iPhone 7 might be losing a fight with its older brother The application, which was discovered by Digital Trends, is titled simply “Sublimator/Vaporizer” and describes a device that allows for the vaporization of an unidentified substance via a dual-chamber system. The abstract reads as follows: “A chamber body is to receive therein a substance that is to be vaporized or sublimated into a vapor. A plate whose bottom face rests on the substance inside the chamber body is temperature regulated, e.g., using a heater therein, which releases heat directly above the substance that lies below. The plate slides downward as the substance is consumed by vaporization or sublimation.” The device described in the patent is cylindrical in shape, including a thermal jacket and a body unit as well as a lid. At first glance it might sound like a component of a modern day recreational vaporizer, either for nicotine or another substance such as marijuana, but the patent’s description of the heating element actually compressing onto the substance being vaporized is quite a bit different than anything on the market. It doesn’t sound like a system that would be suitable for vaping loose marijuana or tobacco, or even watery e-liquid. The only type of substance that would conceivably work well with such a chamber design would be some kind of thick liquid or concentrate or — and this is far more likely — some type of medicine. Is it possible that Apple wants to get in on the vape game, or at least hold a few related patents? Perhaps, but it’s also just as likely that it’s a one-off that will fall into the depths of the patent archives like many others that carry Apple’s name. Trending right now: The iPhone 7 might be losing a fight with its older brother Two Galaxy S8 features that will seriously annoy you T-Mobile changes customer’s name to ‘IDIOT IDIOT’ after billing dispute See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Look at one of the most stunning iPhone 8 concept designs we’ve ever seen BGR News Get a $100 AT&T Visa® Reward Card DIRECTVSponsored Wristband monitors your blood alcohol content while you drink Yahoo Tech Apple’s iPhone 8 might look a lot like this BGR News Just when you thought Windows Phone couldn’t get any more dead… BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Final Cut Pro Diary: A video novice takes the step up from iMovie Trending in Apple How to turn the 2016 MacBook Pro into a Windows gaming machine using the compact Akitio Thunder3 + GTX 1050 Ti [Video] Trending in Apple Smart Home Diary: Getting started with HomeKit Trending in Apple What’s next for iOS? We break down rumored Siri updates, Dark/Theatre Modes, AR features & much more Trending in Apple Opinion: An Apple display with built-in eGPU could be a smart move right now Trending in Apple Hands-on: Turbo charge your MacBook Pro graphics performance with the Akitio Node eGPU over Thunderbolt 3 [Video] January 26 AAPL: 121.94 0.06 Apple extends developer promotion for free $100 App Store Search Ads credit until March 30 Benjamin Mayo - Jan. 26th 2017 12:30 pm PT @bzamayo iPhone 7 App Store View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple is extending the introductory offer for App Store Search Ads until March 30, for developers who have yet to use the program. Search Ads launched in October last year, promoting apps above organic listings in the search result, with a $100 promo code for app makers who began an ad campaign. This $100 credit offer was originally set to expire on December 31st, at the end of 2016. Apple has today announced that it is keeping the offer running for another three months. Developers who are eligible to take advantage of the offer should be receiving an email from Apple over the next few hours, with instructions on how to redeem the free $100 credit. Developers only claim the credit once they have made a Search Ads account, associated it with payment information and started a new campaign. Apple doesn’t give a reason why it is doubling the duration of the ‘introductory’ offer period, although one could infer that adoption of the program has not met expectations. To end users, App Store Search Ads look almost the same as normal search listings although they marked as an ad with a badge and blue tinted background. Only one App Store Search Ad can appear for a given query, at the top of the page, and may include a short description or screenshots. Although developers from other regions can promote their apps, Search Ads are only visible to iPhone, iPad and iPod touch users in the United States. Apple has not announced any schedule for when Search Ads will be shown to international markets. Guides iPhone 7 Apple's iPhone 7 and 7 Plus were announced on 7th September 2016 View THe Guide App Store View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Networking Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Phones Printers Software Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español How to track down a lost Apple AirPod Misplace one or both of your AirPods? Starting with iOS 10.3, you can use the Find My iPhone app. Mobile by Jason Cipriani January 26, 2017 12:32 PM PST @MrCippy Up Next Meet Jon Hamm, the hologram (aka the holohamm) Find your lost Apple AirPods Apple has added a new feature in iOS 10.3 that lets you track down misplaced wireless earbuds. Brian Tong is using the latest beta version of the software to show you how it works... or if it actually does. by Brian Tong 1:32 Close Drag Apple's wireless earbuds are tiny and have zero strings or cables attached to them, and while that's cool, they're always at risk of being lost. To help you find a lost AirPod, they're now a part of the Find My iPhone app. In order to use the new feature, you will need to update your iOS devices to iOS 10.3. It's currently in beta, with an official release expected in the coming months. You can sign up for the beta program here. Before we cover how to find a lost pod, there are a few caveats you need to be aware of: AirPods can only be found when outside the charging case. They must be within Bluetooth range of an iOS device tied to your iCloud account in order for the current location and play sound features to work. If an iOS device isn't within range of a lost AirPod, Find My iPhone will display the last known location and cue and play sound commands. Find a lost pod Enlarge Image Screenshot by Jason Cipriani/CNET With iOS 10.3 installed, open the Find My iPhone app. Your AirPods will show up under the list of devices linked to your iCloud account. Tap the AirPods listing to view their last known or current location. At the bottom of the screen is a button titled Play Sound. Tap Play Sound, and then wait while the app processes your request. A few seconds later, any AirPod outside of the charging case will begin playing a sound that gets progressively louder. You can then mute either AirPod, should you find one but need to continue looking for the other. Tap Stop Playing once you've found both devices. Visiting iCloud.com/find will also support finding lost AirPods, however as of this writing it doesn't seem to be live just yet. 3 ways Apple can make the AirPods better Apple's first wireless earbuds are interesting, but there's a lot more they can do to make the AirPods really special. by Brian Tong 4:39 Close Drag 8 tips and tricks for Apple AirPods: There's more to the tiny wireless earbuds than meets the eye. Best iPhone 7 cases: Protect your precious phone with a spangly new case. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Apple Mobile Tablets Phones iOS 10 CNET Review Apple AirPods Long-delayed and highly ridiculed, Apple's wireless headphones are finally here -- but once you try them, you won't be laughing anymore. $222.67 See it Apple All the latest Apple news, featuring developments on the iPhone, iPad, Macbooks, OS X and much more. Jan 28 4 best iOS.3 features coming soon Jan 27 Apple: You share iCloud data, and we'll make iPhones smarter Jan 27 Apple takes baby steps in India, selling 2.5M iPhones in 2016 Jan 27 'Find My AirPods' in action and more in iOS 10.3 All Apple Stories Related Stories How to get a free data plan for your tablet 9 tips every Uber addict should know HBO Go latest to jump on Apple single sign-on: 'Westworld' bingeing, here we come! 6 ways to repurpose an old iPhone Close   Discuss: How to track down a lost Apple AirPod Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Meet Jon Hamm, the hologram (aka the holohamm) CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps for 2017 Best iPhone 7 Cases Things Apple Watch Can Do Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] How to Fix Bad iOS 10 Battery Life Adam Mills01/23/2017 iOS 10 problems still include battery life issues and today we want to show you how to potentially fix bad battery life on your iPhone, iPad or iPod touch if you’re running iOS 10. Advertisement In September, Apple released its iOS 10 operating system for select iPhone, iPad and iPod touch models around the world. Since then, the company’s pushed several updates to iOS 10 users. These updates have delivered new features and bug fixes for lingering iOS 10 problems. And while many iOS 10 issues have been eradicated, many remain. iOS 10.2 and iOS 10.2.1 users are complaining about a number of frustrating issues including abnormal battery drain. So iOS 10.2 got my phone burning up and battery dying fast so wassup ? @AppleSupport @Apple @AppleNews @appleinsider @AppleEDU — Keith Terry🏀 (@Life_of_Hooping) January 9, 2017 iOS 10.2 is a bit buggy, never mind the battery drain. Fix this please @AppleSupport Advertisement — Brian (@brianlian) January 6, 2017 iOS 10.2 kills my #iPhone at 50% remaining battery every time! @AppleSupport please create a new update to fix this or I'm leaving @Apple — Harriet Downes (@HCDownes) December 31, 2016 Advertisement Abnormal battery drain is a common iOS problem and it pops up every time Apple releases an update for the iPhone, iPad and iPod touch. iOS updates aren’t supposed to have a negative effect on your device’s battery life so we’re not surprised to see some iPhone and iPad users expressing frustration with Apple’s latest operating system. How to Fix Bad iOS 10 Battery Life If your iOS 10 battery life fails to settle down after a couple of days with the new update on board, you have a problem. Fortunately, there are more than a few potential remedies for iOS 10 battery life issues out there. This guide will show you how to potentially fix bad iOS 10 battery life on your iPhone, iPad or iPod touch. Battery drain issues can be tricky but these fixes have worked well for us, and others, in the past. Keep them in mind as we push away from the iOS 10 release date. Battery life issues can popup at any time. Check Your Apps Before you blame iOS 10 for your battery troubles, note that there’s a very good chance it’s something else causing the battery drain on your iPhone or iPad. If your battery life starts acting up with iOS 10 on board, the first place to look is at your collection of applications. There’s a very good chance an app, or apps, is hogging your device’s resources and causing the problem. The first place you’ll want to look is your Settings. Go into Settings > Battery and get familiar with the Battery Usage tool that arrived with the iOS 9 update in 2015. This tool will show you what apps are eating the most battery and when. Look for something out of the ordinary. If you do see something odd, check the App Store for an update. Developers are rolling out bug fixes and iOS 10 support updates that could improve performance. If an update fails to cure the issue, try reinstalling or uninstalling the app completely to see if that helps settle your device’s battery. Use Low Power Mode If you haven’t been using iOS’ built-in Low Power Mode, now would be a good time to get familiar with this important feature. The iOS 9 update delivered a new feature called Low Power Mode. It’s important because it allows you to stretch out the last 10-20% of battery life on your device without having to make a bunch of manual changes. To enable Low Power Mode on your device go to Settings > Battery > Low Power Mode > On. This feature will help you conserve a few hours of battery life. Start using this feature on a regular basis. Use Airplane Mode If you suddenly start experiencing rapid battery drain, it might be because you’re in an area with poor cellular coverage. When you are in a bad service area, your iPhone or iPad will work hard to try and find a signal. This can cause your battery to drain rapidly. This is a perfect time to flip on Airplane Mode. Airplane Mode is found at the very top of your Settings and it will kill all of your connections when turned on. If you’ve done any air travel during the past few years, you’re probably familiar with the feature. Once you’ve entered a new service area, turn Airplane Mode off and you should notice an improvement to your device’s battery life. Disable iCloud Keychain If you don’t use iCloud Keychain, try disabling it to see if that improves battery life. This has worked for a number of people in the past. To disable iCloud Keychain on your device, you’ll want to go into Settings > iCloud > Keychain > Toggle iCloud Keychain off. If it doesn’t have a positive impact on battery, you can always toggle it back on when you need it again. Limit Background App Refresh Do you need your apps to automatically refresh in the background? No? Well then you might want to try disabling the Background App Refresh feature on your device. It could help you conserve battery life. Background App Refresh is handy because it will allows your apps to show you the latest data once you open them. It can also be a resource hog. If you don’t use or care about this feature, go to Settings > General > Background App Refresh > and turn it off for each app that is using too much power. It’s going to be an extremely tedious process for some of you but it could help your battery life. You can also turn the feature off completely if you don’t want to go through your list of applications one by one. If this doesn’t help, you can turn the feature back on for all of your apps or some of them. Manage Your Display Apple’s mobile devices use sensors to adjust the screen automatically in certain lighting environments. Sometimes these sensors work, sometimes they’re a little off. A bright screen can eat up battery life so we recommend getting a handle on your device’s display. First, try turning Auto Brightness off. To do this, go into Settings > Display & Brightness > Auto-Brightness > Off. Once you shut it off, you’ll have to adjust your screen brightness manually. this is easy with iOS 10. You can adjust it in your Settings in the Display & Brightness menu or you can simply swipe up from the bottom of the screen to bring up Control Center. Swipe up and you’ll see a bar that stretches across the length of the first Control Center card. Use it to adjust screen brightness. Restart Your iPhone or iPad If you’re looking for a quick fix, try a simple restart. Hold down the power button for a few seconds and swipe to shut the device down. Hold down the power button again to boot the device back up. Sometimes, this dislodges battery life issues. You can also try a hard reset. To do that, hold down the home button and the power button (volume down and power button on an iPhone 7/iPhone 7 Plus) for about 10 seconds. The device will restart itself. This won’t remove any data. Reset All Settings If none of these fixes help, it’s time to take more drastic measures to fix your bad iOS 10 battery life. The first solution we recommend is a reset of your settings. To do this, go to Settings > General > Reset > Reset All Settings and then enter your passcode. If you don’t have a passcode enabled, you obviously don’t need to replicate that step. This process should take five minutes or more and it will restore your settings to their factory defaults. So, make sure you have all of your Wi-Fi passwords handy because your phone or tablet will forget them. Downgrade to an Older Version of iOS 10 If you’d rather drop down to an older version of iOS you can do that. For a limited time. If you can’t tolerate iOS 10’s performance, you can drop back down to an older version to see if that improves your devices battery life. The downgrade loophole will only be open for a short time so you’ll need to act quickly if you want to make the move. For more on the process, take a look at our downgrade walkthrough. Restore the iOS 10 Update If you have a bunch of free time on your hands you can try a restore on your iPhone or iPad. This step should only be used as a last resort because it will temporarily erase everything on your device and could take awhile to complete. You can try restoring from your backup after you install iOS 10. If your iOS 10 battery life issues return after the restore, you will want to try this method again without restoring from your backup. Here’s how to do this on an iPhone, iPad or iPod touch: Plug in and backup to the computer or to iCloud. Turn off Find My iPhone – Settings -> iCloud -> Find my iPhone -> Off. In iTunes Click Restore. Follow the prompts and the iPhone will reinstall iOS 10 from scratch. When it completes click Restore from Backup to put your information back on the iPhone or Choose to set up as a new iPhone. Talk to Apple Support Online You might also want to get in contact with Apple support via its website or via Twitter. Updated to iOS 10.2 on my 6S Plus and my battery drained 40% in an hour #help @Apple @AppleSupport — Benton Li (@bentonli) January 9, 2017 The company runs a Twitter account that takes questions about iOS problems and could help point you in the right direction. Take Your Device Into an Apple Store If nothing on here works for you, and Apple’s online support fails, you could try taking your iPhone or iPad into an Apple Store to have a Genius run some diagnostics. Your issues could be related to a bloated battery, it could be something else entirely. If your device is still under warranty, they might even offer you a replacement. To find your closest Apple Store, head here. 4 Reasons Not to Install iOS 10.2.1 & 6 Reasons You Should Install iOS 10.2.1 If You Want Better Security   1 / 10 If you value your security, you'll want to seriously consider downloading the iOS 10.2.1 update on your iPhone or iPad.  The iOS 10.2 update brings 13 known patches for potential exploits. That's one more than its predecessor (iOS 10.2). These patches enhance the security on your iPhone, iPad and iPod touch making them ideal for those of you who store sensitive files/data on your device. Most people do. If you skipped the iOS 10.2 update and/or the iOS 10.1.1 update, know that iOS 10.2.1 brings their security patches with it as well. Again, the iOS 10.2 update had 12 important patches on board. You can see them all right here.  If you failed to install Apple's iOS 9.3.5 update, iOS 10.2.1 will also bring the three crucial security patches it delivered last year. These patch up serious security problems that could potentially expose your calls, contacts, texts, and emails. If security is important to you, iOS 10.2.1 is probably worth a download right now.   1 / 10 26 Responses 09/13/2016 tug Reply this is stupid.. if previously u dont have much issue having all the same settings.. all the same cellular coverage.. the problem is the iOS 10 itself.. asking someone to switch off this and that is not exactly the solution 09/14/2016 Z Reply For me the battery status shows that Messages app took 51% of battery in the background. Ridiculous. Turned imessage off and swiped up messages app from the background and i see a better battery. 09/22/2016 Leo Reply I play a lot of games when i was on the 9.3.5 firmware and battery wasn’t that bad but when I do it on IOS 10 it drains so fast. So obviously theres a problem with it. 10/04/2016 We're The Phucarwe Reply Silly. Nothing in here addresses the inherent battery-draining qualities of yet another Apple downdate. Most of the “enhanced” features are aimed at improving apple’s bottom line rather than your device performance. I’m beginning to think more and more about abandoning a ship I’ve been sailing since the 80’s. C’mon, Apple. 10/06/2016 SUZANNE HAMOOD Reply there need to be yet another update to the IOS10. we should NOT be paying 700.00 for a phone that wont hold a battery charge for 8 hours. I have noticed a HUGH difference and I am not a big phone user. I could usually start off the day with a 100% and if not used much that day end the day with more than 50% Its 2:30 in the afternoon and I haven’t Hardley touched my phone today its at 34% WTF!!! 10/07/2016 Steve miller Reply My 6s battery dies so fast with as much shut off and manual fetch email setting have helped a little but at 1% it seems to last for hours for some reason. I think the battery is still fine but something is ip with the battery indicator 10/08/2016 Jonas Reply Same apps, same settings and the difference is 9% battery drain over night compared to not even 1% on IOS 9. By % that is ridiculous and nearly and insane difference…. As other mentioned, this guide does not have much to do with battery tuning iOS 10, although in general terms it may work, but not for we who haven’t changed anything… 10/09/2016 Elle Reply for some reason my 6 drains at night after i upgraded the ios. Now every time I turn on my phone, instead of my lock screen I see my music screen and I’ve turned off that app. I went form 86% right before bed and woke up to 21%. 10/10/2016 Brian Reply My 5c says the battery life is fine, 50% plus, then without warning the phone will power down. When I try to power it back up, it shows the battery as being dead as a post. So I plug the phone in, and the phone immediately powers up, and shows the battery life as being where it was before it powered down…that was 57% this morning. 10/10/2016 Rene Girardin Reply Here is a link to interesting discussions about iOS 10.0.2 and Fast Battery Drain on all iPhones. All the bla bla about how to lower battery usage is OK but there is a bug introduced in Network Settings. https://discussions.apple.com/thread/7685072?start=30&tstart=0 10/11/2016 Matthew Grimsley Reply same with my ipone 6S. happened twice over the weekend. 10/13/2016 Ann Reply I think it’s so funny how our phones have a good battery life until an update comes along, but then it goes to poop and we are informed “Oh it’s probably dat app you using and not iOS 10” seriously??? 10/13/2016 Colin Nias Reply Even the staff in the Apple shops are reluctant to admit there is a problem, even though its plastered all over the internet. My 6 plus has the same issues, 100% in the morning, by 6pm I’m down to 25%. Loads of apps are still working in the background, Facebook and Mail seem to be the main culprits on mine. Apple really need to up their game and stop messing around with things. Listen, if it aint broke, don’t fix it. Simples!!! 10/13/2016 RB Reply Worthless article … “If you previously did not have issues wiith battery power and now do after installing iOS 10, the problem is likely something else and not iOS 10.” Makes perfect sense. 10/16/2016 Luigi Reply Guys I too have the same problem! I am angry!! But is it possible that these Apple release an update that sucks the battery like a ferrari to 240km / h ??? !! But crazy stuff !! It lasts less than half the time of use which I did with iOS 9. But what the heck !!! Apple immediately solve this problem !! Otherwise I swear that I buy an iPhone no longer !! 10/18/2016 jamie pollock Reply full charge at 7am… 3:30pm my iphone 6 shows 90% avail. Nothing special about my setup, I check email and send Texts during the day. I just don’t talk on it much nor use GPS. IOs 10 too. I must be lucky 10/19/2016 Mike Reply ISO 10 is a joke we pay to much and for the phone and service to have to go through this on every major update now it’s the worse it’s ever been I also have a iPhones 5 that says 33% and it just turns off and I have to plug it in and it comes back on with the same amount of power 33% wtf is the deal it’s like the older the phone the worse like they are trying to force everyone to buy the newest phone apple is about to have another class action law suit how many can they take at on time I love my iPhone but there seriously pushing me away and it seem like there doing it to a lot of customers bad business they need to do there homework before they release another update load it to a few different phones and models before you release shit 10/24/2016 Curtis S Reply Privacy > Location Services > System Services Turn off everything except Emergency SOS and Find My iPhone. 10/24/2016 Greg M Reply Hi I have updated my Ipad and now not only at first most of my Apps disappeared, Now it wont even charge to let me check things Surely an outfit like yours has have some accountability for this, this is a disgrace , I had been using this for my business, NOT Happy at all. 10/28/2016 Kai Reply Do not update to IOS 10…I repeat do not update. 10.1 does not help either. Battery life 10 mins if not plug into a charger. Constantly crashes and get stuck in reboot loop. Apple genius swear there is nothing wrong with the software when I brought my iPhone 6 in. Battery life performance at 80% when ran diagnostics, genius solution was to have it replaced. My only solution is to have the phone plug in a portable charger all day and remain plugged everywhere I go. Just waiting on the 7 to be in stock…if same problem arrives, I will be officially done with apple. 10/31/2016 David Harfst Reply This is not a problem with the apps draining the battery. It’s a bug, in my opinion, with how iOS monitors the battery. I’ve had my phone at 80% and all of the sudden it shuts off, and won’t power back on saying the battery is dead. Once I hook it up to power, it comes back on, still says it’s at 80%, and I can then disconnect from power again and it’s fine. This is happenning all the time since upgrading. The latter versions of iOS 9 did this too, but it would have to be down at 20 or 30%. I believe iOS 10.0.1 was better, but since going to 10.0.2, it’s worse again. This is a real pain. 11/03/2016 TS Reply Nothing listed here is a fix. These are all kluge-y awkward workarounds, none of which should be necessary with a properly-functioning OS. 11/20/2016 Mark Clulow Reply TOTALLY Shouldn’t have to go through all this though, this in nonsense. BOOOOOO! 12/31/2016 Kenneth Wilson Reply The problem is definitely the OS. IT seems Apple is trying to push people into buying new phones. Went to Apple. Did the whole reset thing.. no change. The y then suggest it was probably the because it would not charge in their kiosk and to replace it would be $300.00. Take the phone home and the phone charges without any issues. Changed every setting possible with no change. The IPhone 6 would last about 2 hours without doing anything on it. Changed the battery out. still no change. Ended up downloading the Public beta 10.2.1 Beta 2. Phone went from 2 hours to 8 hours with not really using the phone. It still has problems, but at least this helped, But Apple is definitely hiding something. 01/08/2017 pete Reply This is ridiculous. How is this a fix for the iOS battery drain problems? Clickbait. 01/25/2017 robert walker Reply bob, after installing ios 10.0.2 on my iphone5 after recharging and with 100% recharged,without using the phone at all it lost 40% of the charge ,something wrong big time apple . Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website iPhone vs Android: 14 Reasons iPhone is Better 01/27/2017 27 Best iPhone 7 Cases 01/27/2017
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps for 2017 Best iPhone 7 Cases Things Apple Watch Can Do Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] 4 Reasons Not to Install macOS Sierra and 8 Reasons You Should Josh Smith01/23/2017 Here are the reasons not to install macOS Sierra and the reasons you should upgrade to macOS Sierra 10.12.3 today. For most users the reasons to install macOS Sierra outweigh the drawbacks, but for the first few months there are important reasons to wait. Advertisement The macOS Sierra update brings more than just a brand new name for the software that runs on your Mac, MacBook and iMac. This latest update adds new MacBook Emoji and other important updates. Apple began automatically downloading the macOS Sierra update to many computers earlier this year and you may see it show up on your Mac unexpectedly. This is prompting more users to install macOS Sierra even though it is not required. Since the announcement we’ve seen the macOS Sierra 10.12.1, 10.12.2 update and the macOS Sierra 10.12.3 update that is now live. Advertisement What you need to know about the latest macOS Sierra updates. Advertisement Many users are asking if they should upgrade from OS X El Capitan to macOS Sierra or upgrade from OS X Yosemite to macOS Sierra and this will help you make that decision based on your specific situation. Here’s Why You Should Update to macOS Sierra: Install if you have OS X El Capitan Problems Install if  you have the 2016 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Install if you need better security Install macOS Sierra for Siri Install for Better Messages & New Emoji Install to Unlock with the Apple Watch Install for Apple Pay on Mac Install to get more storage space back Here’s Why You Shouldn’t Install macOS Sierra; Don’t install if you aren’t prepared Don’t install if you are worried about macOS Sierra problems Don’t install if you use a really old Mac Don’t install if you’re traveling Should I Install macOS Sierra? Here’s what you need to know. The macOS Sierra release date arrived in October, delivering a fresh look and a fresh set of features to your Apple computers. One of the most interesting is that you can now login to your MacBook or iMac with your Apple Watch. Advertisement This is the first major update since OS X El Capitan. Apple spent the better part of the last year delivering small and important upgrades to OS X El Capitan, which may leave it the best option for many users as we enter 2017. After a lengthy developer and public beta period that squashed many bugs, there are still some macOS Sierra problems that users need to keep in mind before upgrading. Users can install the macOS Sierra update and keep their data, apps and photos in place right from the App Store. If you’re experiencing some OS X El Capitan problems, it’s a smart idea to perform a clean macOS Sierra installation and start fresh. The macOS Sierra update is free, but there is no need to get it on day one and the free offer doesn’t end like the Windows 10 free upgrade did. Advertisement If you are still on the fence, here is a look at the reasons to install macOS Sierra (macOS 10.12.3) and the reasons you shouldn’t upgrade yet. After you learn about what the macOS Sierra update includes and the potential issues you can decide if the time is right for you to update. To turn off the automatic macOS Sierra download, go to System Preferences -> App Store -> Uncheck Download newly available updates in the background. If you need to delete the macOS Sierra update that already downloaded to stop the prompts to update or to get some space back you can find it using Finder and delete it. Advertisement Here’s what’s new in macOS Sierra 10.12.3 that is out now for Apple computers; Improves automatic graphics switching on MacBook Pro (15-inch, October 2016). Resolves graphics issues while encoding Adobe Premiere Pro projects on MacBook Pro with Touch Bar (13- and 15-inch, October 2016). Fixes an issue that prevented the searching of scanned PDF documents in Preview. Resolves a compatibility issue with PDF documents that are exported with encryption enabled. Fixes an issue that prevented some third-party applications from correctly importing images from digital cameras. Resolves an issue were network or cached user accounts (such as Active Directory accounts) using the maxFailedLoginAttempts password policy were becoming disabled. If you haven’t installed macOS Sierra yet there are still reasons to hold off, but not as many as we saw in December. We’ll start with the reasons to install macOS Sierra and then move into the reasons not to install macOS Sierra 10.12.3 yet. Install if You Have OS X El Capitan Problems   1 / 12 Do you have OS X El Capitan problems? If your WiFi is unreliable, your Mac is slow or acting odd, a macOS Sierra update may be just the thing your computer needs. In addition to delivering smart features there are bug fixes and performance upgrades in macOS Sierra as well. If your computer is really acting up, you may want to spend the time to perform a clean install of macOS Sierra. This allows you to start over fresh with no apps or data to mess up your installation. Users that go this route should make sure that they have important data backed up someplace else.   1 / 12 40 Responses 09/22/2016 nameisrequired Reply Nothing is perfect and Mac OS Sierra is no exception. Actually this article mainly talks about the advantages of the new system. But we can not deny that Sierra also leads to some problems like Mac app damage, Safari crash. This article reveal both the problems and solutions. Hope it will be helpful http://bit.ly/2d3d7gE 10/13/2016 Pete Reply >Nothing is perfect and Mac OS Sierra is no exception. Ah the Donald Trump excuse. 10/22/2016 William Collins Reply The Hillary Clinton version…. I don’t know, I forgot / can’t remember / am exempt from the rules normal people have to live by / can’t remember what lies I told ….. 01/04/2017 Chris Reply This shit is cracking me up right now. lol 12/28/2016 Leonard Wichard Reply Hi There, this post is something we call bait. It suggests on Google Search Results to deal with certain issues. Then when reading the post, it quickly becomes clear that this post doesnt deal with anything of any importance. — LG 09/26/2016 Nic S Reply Installed it this morning. I’m now about to uninstall it as there is nothing worth upgrading for. Novelties like Siri and picture in picture aren’t worth the trouble for all the software that Sierra breaks. I’m staying with Yosemite. 10/07/2016 WES Reply Hello. Do you know if there is a way to uninstall El Capitain and go back to Yosemite ? 10/12/2016 Parker Tubman Reply There is a way to go back to Yosemite because that is what I did. I did not like El Capitan. Here’s how to do it. If you did back up before installing El Capitan … : 1. First get a hardware drive with lots of memory 2. Back up your entire computer through Time Machine app. 3. Then when you upgraded Yosemite, go on to Time Machine with your hard drive attached to the USB point on the computer, and select the last backup file with the date that you did the last backup before El Capitan came on your computer. It will have Yosemite on it. If you did NOT back up Yosemite before installing El Capitan … : 1. First get a hardware drive with lots of memory 2. Go on to Time Machine with your hard drive attached to the USB point on the computer, and select the last backup file that you did on your hard drive. If its something older an Older OS system on there you can choose that and not have El Capitan anymore. 09/29/2016 Rob Reply This article if pretty shallow 09/29/2016 Cooper Jackson Reply Is it really even an “article” ??? More like a way for someone to get hits to their site. 09/30/2016 Richard T Fishall Reply Sorry but this article has zero value. 09/30/2016 Chris Burbridge Reply I totally disagree with Mister (or Misus) “zero value”. Very helpful! I will not install. Thanks. 10/01/2016 Bhosadda Reply Lol….early adopters with “Software Update OCD” always get screwed, and yet they never learn….. Just because an OS is released today, doesn’t mean you should immediately install it thinking it’s going to somehow make your computer “better”, or “faster”, ideas of “update” is in your head. Stick with El Capitan, it’s rock solid; as with any OSX update, it’s _ALWAYS_ wise to wait for the second incremental (i.e 10.12.2) patch before even considering upgrading. 10/01/2016 kay ringold Reply The title doesn’t match the content. It doesn’t give any real opinions on the upgrade 10/01/2016 Zac Paul Reply WHAT IS THIS? This article really misses some significant points. And when I say “significant points”, I mean almost every point of meaning. THE BIGGEST FEATURE OF SIERRA, WHICH IS GOING IGNORED BY MANY PUBLICATIONS The biggest single upgrade with Sierra is the pending APFS, Apple’s new file system that will replace the two-decade old HFS+. This is a massive undertaking. You can ONLY upgrade to APFS with Sierra, and you WILL be able to upgrade file systems WITHOUT having to do a clean install. Right now, early 2017 is when APFS should be pushed to general users. This file system has better data integrity, better multi-tasking abilities, is optimized for high-speed flash storage, and offers MAJOR improvements in encryption options. In the future, by using APFS on OS X, this will allow OS X to have a degree of interaction with iOS that was never before possible (currently, as iOS uses APFS, and Mac HFS+, there are some compatibility issues between Macs and other Apple portable devices that APFS can lift.) BRAND NEW OPERATING SYSTEMS ARE ALMOST NEVER AS SECURE AS THE MATURE PLATFORMS THEY REPLACE. As for security, expecting a brand new OS to immediately be more secure than a mature platform is a risky assumption. Beta testing has the limitation that the quantity of beta testers are a tiny fraction of real-world users of the stable version, so beta and pen testing provide valuable data, but there are limited. Apple, like Microsoft, doesn’t drop support on one version of OS X the moment the next comes out. The security flaw you are referencing IIRC has been pushed out to all versions of OS X dating back to Mountain Lion. As of right now, the XTS-AES whole disk encryption used by FileVault2 is secure on all recent implementations of OS X. When Sierra gets APFS, users will have more encryption options, and the potential for greater security. As for general usage, the greatest security vulnerabilities are usually attacking add-ons and extensions in browsers (such as Flash.) Using a modern browser, keeping it updated regularly, using a site like SSL Labs to test a website you are about to buy from but want to know if they use good cryptography. Users worried about security and privacy should consider Little Snitch, Murus, BitDefender, 1Password, good password habits, encrypting internal & external drives, as well as flash & SD cards & drives, and ensuring their use of cloud computing is secure. No operating system can compensate for bad security habits. FIX PROBLEMS BY FINDING AND RESOLVING THE ACTUAL PROBLEM!!! Doing an in-place OS update on a malfunctioning system is like replacing your brakes if you need new tires and hoping that things turn out OK. If you are having problems with a current release of El Capitan, it is unlikely that upgrading to Sierra will fix this and it increases the chance that you screw things up even worse than before. Think about that for a second…you are having issues with a mature operating system that has proven reliable, so you upgrade to a new one with far less known? El Capitan is an extremely reliable operating system…if you are having an issue, you need to determine if it is related to the OS, Apple software, 3rd party software, or hardware failure because the course of action to fix the issue is completely different. A free program such as Onyx can fix many OS issues, and along with utilizing Disk Utility, resetting PRAM/NRAM/SMC, Apple’s hardware testers, and a utility that pulls SMART data from the local drive, you can get a good idea of what is going on and may be able to fix it. If there are issues with severe disk corruption, upgrading without a clean install will not do a thing, and the only application that reliably repairs severe corruption that even OS X itself cannot is DiskWarrior. OVERALL, THIS MINOR UPDATE HAS BIG POTENTIAL Functionally, Sierra is not currently all that different from El Capitan. As El Capitan is extremely reliable, this makes sense so Apple has a solid base for the OS leading us to APFS, where a mid-life update (or what replaces Sierra) may then implement larger changes that makes the interaction between different devices a far better process, with greater ease and improved productivity. Apple also likely realized that with such a rapid update schedule, minor changes to OS X are better than radical changes because reliability suffers with changes as such. Leopard, Lion, (and Mavericks and Yosemite to a lesser extent) all introduced awesome features but had a lot of issues. Snow Leopard, Mountain Lion, and El Capitan introduced few new features and instead vastly improved reliability. MAKE A CLONE BACKUP IN ADDITION TO OR IN PLACE OF TIME MACHINE Before updating, I advise having a CLONE (not a TimeMachine backup) of the disk you are going update. A program like Carbon Copy Cloner makes a superior backup and one of the optimal quality desired should you need to revert back to your older OS without doing a fresh install. Clones can be made bootable, where Time Machine cannot. USING VIRTUAL MACHINES TO TEST NEW OPERATING SYSTEMS SAVES A LOT OF CUSSING TIME If someone has compatibility concerns, consider purchasing VMWare Fusion, Parallels, or downloading a free player. These virtual machine apps allow you to run Windows, Mac, Linux, etc. operating systems on your Mac in an isolated environment. You can then ‘test’ the new OS to ensure it works reliably enough for your needs and has no issues with your older Apps. The $100 or so spent on this software can save a ton of grief, and many hours of your time by preventing you installing an OS, finding it doesn’t work right, and then manually having to downgrade (which still may have issues.) —- So, should someone update to Sierra? As of right now, my opinion is… YES, if: -the need to have the latest-and-greatest ASAP is more important than reliability, compatibility, and security -you want to immediately benefit from improvements made with iCloud -you strongly like the updates to Mail and Messages (IMO they are very minor compared to iOS10) -you love Siri and feel it will be useful for you with your desktop/laptop -you frequently use multi-monitor displays with a MacBook Pro -you want to take advantage of the benefits of APFS (this will apply sometime in early 2017) NO, if: -reliability is the single-most important thing to you (wait until 10.12.1 or 10.12.2, as these updates always address the most significant issues of the first release. -security is the single-most important thing to you (wait a bit, same as above.) -you use a lot of older software that is no longer supported by the Maker(s) -you are not comfortable manually downgrading the OS should Sierra not work well on your machine (also wait a bit.) 10/04/2016 J Reply Josh Smith, Bless you for posting instructions for deleting the auto-download and removing the install notification. 10/05/2016 Kim Reply Major regrets installing this upgrade. My external harddrive is now “read only”. I can’t export any photos to it from lightroom. I have tried changing permissions, etc. with no luck. It won’t let me. Wish I had stayed with Yosemite as I have many many photos to get to clients. Put me in the unprepared column. So discouraged. I guess I’ll have to purchase new external hard drive. 10/11/2016 James Bond Reply Jesus, this site is horrible. Full of advertisements and tracker. Make sure you have AdBlock on guys or don’t even visit this blog 10/12/2016 Candidcomment Reply Zac Paul – your comments are way more helpful than this ‘so called’ article. You should be the writer for gottabemobile. 10/12/2016 Recari Reply Zac Paul totally saved this worthless article!!! 10/12/2016 Dan Reply Thanks Zac Paul ! I appreciate your taking the time to explain pros and cons of upgrading. Very informative, you should have wrote the article. I’m pretty experienced with computers and OS, but still learn new stuff everyday. Your post gave me lots of new things to look up, try out, and think about. 10/12/2016 John Reply Do NOT install Sierra, my 2 year old macbook Pro is useless now, my desktop is empty (lost everything) and I can’t load apps. I am soon pissed, if Jobs were alive he’d NEVER allow this crap. 10/13/2016 Tets Reply Zac Paul. Kudos for your time and labor posting excellent comments on the pros and cons of Sierra. Thanks to you, I decided to wait although Apple is annoying with its constant messages to upgrade. 10/18/2016 Gemma Correll Reply Cant “zoom text only” anymore! What a stupid upgrade!! 10/18/2016 Daisy Reply Hi guys, I have OSX Lion, and every time a new upgrade comes out I am very reluctant to upgrade to them, and had no issues with my old Lion. Two weeks ago I updated my iPhone 5 and now my photos won’t sink into iPhoto in Mac. I tried unlock the iPhone as the popup window would ask, but nothing happened. I called apple support and they told me to upgrade the software to Sierra. And again I don’t want it especially after reading above comments. So I wonder if anyone knows the way to transfer iPhone pictures to Mac? 10/25/2016 jackiebp Reply Worthless article. It does not discuss the reasons not to install. Does not discuss possible conflicts and bugs. This is exactly why you need to PAY professional writers for articles. They do research and write substance. Shame on you. 10/25/2016 Mark Stratman Reply macOS Sierra is a disaster. I upgraded my 2014 MacBook Air, and have spent 3 totally unproductive days trying to get basic tools that I count on every day to minimally work. To no avail. The Apple phone techs are useless. There are no “geniuses” at any ‘Genius Bars’. macOS and Sierra are enhancements for toys, not real-life business tools. If the concept of ‘planned obsolescence’ is now the center of Apple’s marketing plan, then I will end my 30+ year reliance Apple products and buy elsewhere. 11/08/2016 Steven V Reply I have a Mac Book pro with Yosemite, I was wondering if an update was going to give me a lot of new stuff but it doesn’t seem like much there from the comments. I’m sticking with Yosemite. so this was very helpful. 11/10/2016 Hank Roberts Reply Zac Paul – your comments are way more helpful 1 11/23/2016 Ron Reply If you are a fan of VPN, Mac OS Sierra isn’t recommended for you as PPTP is not available to iOS 10 and Mac OS Sierra. I just found it here https://www.frootvpn.com/blog/2016/10/03/pptp-not-available-ios-10-mac-os-sierra/ 12/07/2016 Doralina Hellwig Reply Would it help me with this problem… when i would like too down load a game and get this answer: The Sims™ 2: Super Collection can not install on ”Macintosh HD” because Mac OS X version 10.9.2 or later needed? Tanx 4 answers! 12/08/2016 Cornel Duitriu Reply Sorry I ever bought an Apple in the first place. (Had early problems with key board on BookAir, replaced x2) As for Sierra, nothing seems to work with it i.e. Browser (neither Chrome nor Firefox) Outlook, and most prominently the Parallel Desk (with Win10), even though have updated to latest Parallel. Everything crashes, impossible to complete even this note, .. inordinate frustrations, in trying to remedy things with relatively mediocre skills, but otherwise quite apt, for a non-geek, and it would be certainly insolent of this company to expect me to be under the hood all the time. My cry ought to be seen as an indictment of this Apple Company which is overall sloppy in releasing stuff like this, frivolous and mostly dedicated to ‘social toys’, inconsiderate, and ultimately unserious. Will have to ask Hillary where she got that sledge hammer Merry Christmas to all 12/13/2016 Dave Reply MY concerns with these additional features that Apple so enthusiastically offers are that I have a Macbook Pro mid 2012 machine and it seems to be the general consensus that Apple are deliberately trying to make any machine that is 4 years and older obsolete by deliberately slowing its processing speed down where it becomes unusable which therefore encourages the user to go and buy a new and latest version of the macbook pro. Thoughts on this anyone? (not Apple obviously) 12/14/2016 Allen Reply It’s a useful article – maybe not if you want Rules Handed Down from On High, as it doesn’t do that – it just outlines some problems, some advantages, and leaves it up to us to decide. Fine by me. Me? Oh, I’ll stick with El Capitan for now, for a few months, and see how things pan out. That’s the technique I’ve applied to the past few updates! Cheers. Allen, London. 12/15/2016 Paul Brodie Reply Apple seem to be falling into the Microsoft trap of updating and releasing software updates before they are fully tested, ISO 10.12.1 has brought several problems that were not needed or wanted, Photos CUP usage 100%, why do this?? 12/16/2016 Tina Garnett Reply After installing new MacOs Sierra 10.12.2 I had problems with Safari freezing, when going into Activity Monitor the CPU was up loading fast and memory going over the roof some thing in the background was running fast (but slowing the computer) could not be found why. The wi-fi disconnecting and asking for password , as well as a very slow computer. iPhoto download once iPhone connected had to be download automatically with editing a manual response. I have now switched back to Yosemite and no problems and quick and easy and a fast internet once again. No thanks to Sierra too many problems to thrash out. There is a way to get Yosemite back from Sierra as follows: There is a way to go back to Yosemite because that is what I did. I did not like Sierra. Here’s how to do it. If you did back up before installing Sierra :- 1. First get a hardware drive with lots of memory 2. Back up your entire computer through Time Machine app. 3. Then when you upgraded Yosemite, go on to Time Machine with your hard drive attached to the USB point on the computer, and select the last backup file with the date that you did the last backup before Sierra came on your computer. It will have Yosemite on it. If you did NOT back up Yosemite before installing Sierra :- 1. First get a hardware drive with lots of memory 2. Go on to Time Machine with your hard drive attached to the USB point on the computer, and select the last backup file that you did on your hard drive. If its something older an Older OS system on there you can choose that and not have Sierra anymore. Worked for me! Happy as back with Yosemite! 12/19/2016 DoNotUse Reply even 10.12.2 ist pure bulls** – if THIS ist the future, yozu only will habe problems – and you cannot work with your computer…. but if everybody downloads this sh*** Apple will go on like this…. 12/21/2016 William Reply I have a REALLY GREAT late 2012 iMac 27″, 3.4 GHz Intel i7, 16 GB RAM, 1 TB Fusion drive, NVIDIA GeForce GTX 675MX 1024 MB, OSX 10.9.5 latest And Apple replaced the display FREE last Feb 2016 due to a minor blemish. But NVIDIA are not updating the drivers for 3D and so if I update to Sierra, and run a 3D app, CRASH. No way around it. 12/22/2016 Nomade Reply mail in sierra is totally broken – mis-interpreted attachments, wrong sender addresses, confusion with previously received emails. this os x version is the worst version ever! apple seems to focus on non-relevant gimmicks instead of functionality. how needs hundreds of emojis but email is not working? 01/17/2017 Tropigal Reply Not very in depth. I need to know what apps Sierra doesn’t play well with, as I have Adobe CS6 that I refuse to part with and must have for work. NOT paying for the cloud every month! Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website iPhone vs Android: 14 Reasons iPhone is Better 01/27/2017 27 Best iPhone 7 Cases 01/27/2017
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Final Cut Pro Diary: A video novice takes the step up from iMovie Trending in Apple How to turn the 2016 MacBook Pro into a Windows gaming machine using the compact Akitio Thunder3 + GTX 1050 Ti [Video] Trending in Apple Smart Home Diary: Getting started with HomeKit Trending in Apple What’s next for iOS? We break down rumored Siri updates, Dark/Theatre Modes, AR features & much more Trending in Apple Opinion: An Apple display with built-in eGPU could be a smart move right now Trending in Apple Hands-on: Turbo charge your MacBook Pro graphics performance with the Akitio Node eGPU over Thunderbolt 3 [Video] Yesterday AAPL: 121.95 0.01 Final Cut Pro Diary: A video novice takes the step up from iMovie Ben Lovejoy - Jan. 27th 2017 9:45 am PT @benlovejoy Feature Final Cut Pro X Final Cut Pro Final Cut Pro Diary View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit I’ve been a photographer since I was 14, but am very much a novice when it comes to video. I’ve used bicycle-mounted action cams to put together some basic cycling videos, but these were nothing more sophisticated than taking clips straight from the camera, importing them into iMovie and adding cross-dissolves. In an age when tech writers are increasingly expected to be videographers too, I decided it was time to take the plunge into the world of moving images. Although iMovie is a remarkably capable piece of software, I reckoned I was inevitably going to want to take the step up to Final Cut Pro at some stage, so I might as well make the transition now, rather than have to learn everything twice. If you’re also a basic iMovie user with ambitions of getting to grips with more professional video production, you may enjoy sharing the journey with me. And if you’re an accomplished FCP X user, I’m sure that I and others in my position would love to hear your top tips … There’s good news and bad news for anyone making the transition from iMovie. The bad news is that it isn’t cheap: you’ll be swapping a free app for one costing $299.99. In an era when we’re used to paying as little as a dollar for an app, this is undeniably painful – and I must admit I winced when I pressed the button. The good news is that, while iMovie is the consumer app and Final Cut Pro X the professional one, their user interfaces are actually remarkably similar. This isn’t surprising as Apple developed iMovie essentially as a cut-down version of FCP, and it wanted to provide a tempting upgrade path for those who get more seriously into video. So while FCP can do significantly more than iMovie, I was pleased to find that the basic layout is much the same, and the process of creating very simple videos likewise. I was able to create my first Final Cut Pro X video right away, without delving into user guides or tutorials. Here’s a look at the two – iMovie: Final Cut Pro X: There are a few things in different places – like transitions between clips – but anyone used to iMovie will quickly learn to find their way around the basic features of FCP. Keyboard shortcuts are not identical, though they do have similarities, so if you’re used to these in iMovie, you will need to learn the new ones for FCP. Fortunately, as a very basic iMovie user, I wasn’t making much use of these, so could jump straight into learning the FCP ones. I decided to make life easier for myself by buying a keyboard overlay. There are new ones out for the 2016 MacBook Pro, but as I do most of my video editing at my desk, I opted instead for one for my Magic Keyboard. My hope is that this will teach me the shortcuts and that I’ll then be able to dispense with the skin – we’ll see how that works out! While I was quickly able to get to grips with the basics, I of course wanted to learn how to take advantage of the greater capabilities of FCP, so I signed up for one of the two free workshops available in Apple Stores: Final Cut Pro X for Storytellers. Free workshops are one of Apple’s secret weapons on the marketing front. Anyone can come along and take part, without even needing to own the product: the stores offer loan machines with the software installed for anyone who doesn’t have their own. I did the one in London’s Regent Street store, and it was absolutely superb. The standard material presented taught me a lot, and the tutor was really helpful in answering individual questions and offering one-to-one assistance during the workshop. The project I was working on at the time was actually a photo slideshow, and my focus then was in addressing some of the questions I had about that, so I’m actually planning to repeat the workshop with some video footage lined-up so I can make better use of some of the techniques taught. The workshop packed in so much material that much of it will benefit from repetition, especially as I want to learn much more about color correction and shadows & highlights adjustments in video. I also plan to take the second FCP workshop, that one on file-management, but early Feb is busy for me, so I’ll need to check out dates for later in the month once they are available. You may have read my review of Contour’s ShuttleXpress: a hardware device that combines two wheels with five buttons. One wheel allows you to scroll through your video at a range of different speeds, while the other allows you to move precisely, frame-by-frame. You can assign the buttons to any keyboard shortcuts you like. This is an upgrade I’d recommend to anyone: it makes the process of cutting clips so much easier. There’s also a more sophisticated ShuttlePro V2 that provides 15 buttons. That seemed a bit over the top for my current skill level, but I may upgrade to that later. I mentioned earlier that review videos are one of the main reasons I want to get more seriously into video, and while my desk may have made a suitable setting for the very basic videos I have made in the past, I wanted something more visually interesting. I bought five desk-sized acrylic sheets, in black, purple, yellow, lime green and orange, together with a couple of sheets of lightweight stiffening board. I lay the board across the arms of the sofa in my office, then pull it away from the wall so I can shoot from behind it. With window light behind me, I don’t need any lighting so long as I’m shooting in daylight, and the acrylic makes for an interesting reflective surface. You may already have noticed these sheets in my recent review and diary posts, as I use them for both still photos and video. I learned one lesson right away: dust both products and acrylic sheets to within an inch of their lives before shooting! For the ShuttleXpress video, I literally had to trash the entire first take, as what were invisible specks of dust when viewed from above, or on the tiny camera viewscreen, were very noticeable and ugly when zooming in for close-up shots. Cue much dusting and a reshoot. My more skilled and better-equipped colleagues have all kinds of gizmos that allow them to take moving shots of static products, zooming in or panning past with enviable smoothness. My own first attempts at this were not pretty! Check out the amateurish zoom-in during the first few seconds of this video … Despite using manual focus, the focus point shifts as the focal length changes, so I needed to manually attempt to keep up – which didn’t work well. My second thought was that if I shot the video in 4K, I could shoot static video then zoom-in within FCP for the 1080p output. But my only 4K cameras are my iPhone, iPad and action cams – none of which allow the shallow depth of field needed for shoots like this. I’m waiting for Sony to send me its shiny new a6300 for review (the successor to the excellent a6000 I use at present), but there’s no sign of it yet. I then realised I was missing the obvious: if I was going to do all the movement simulation in FCP, then I didn’t need video footage: a still photo would work just as well. The 6000×4000 resolution of the a6000 stills left me bags of room to digitally pan and zoom within a 1920×1080 video. So, this was the approach I took in my most recent video, for my Smart Home Diary. Check out the first 30 seconds of this video, where all the product shots are stills. I adjusted the duration of the photo by selecting it, then right-clicking and selecting Change Duration. One non-intuitive part of this: you simply type in the time – for example 5.00 for five seconds. There’s no visible prompt for this. I then selected the crop tool directly beneath the video window, on the left, to select Ken Burns effect. Unlike iMovie, you get total control over this effect, so can fine-tune both zooms and pans. I had more lessons to learn with the background. I did quickly realise that minimizing all windows to reveal desktop photos made for a much more pleasing out-of-focus background than screens with lots of windows open. However, adjusting the angle of the acrylic sheets to stop the bulbs rolling around resulted in a wonky-looking desk behind. This is the sort of thing I’m used to spotting when taking still photos, but with more things to think about now it can be easy to lose track of the basics. Another issue seen here is that my ‘OCD desk’ – which has holes drilled into it to take all the wires out of sight, and an under-shelf to hold power bricks, USB hubs and external drives – allows the wires beneath to be seen from this angle, spoiling the otherwise clean look. For the next video, I need to use some books to lift the acrylic surface high enough to hide the area beneath the desk. I also need to wheel the chair out of the room and remove the glass from the desk – again, attention to background that I’m needing to re-learn in this context. Overall, though, I’m very happy with my pop-up studio. The sheets live in a spare room and are light enough to be easily moved in and out of the office; the reflective surface looks good, and the range of colors allows for variety between videos; and the window light is perfectly adequate. I’ll probably add lighting at some stage, just for the flexibility of shooting when it’s dark, but for now this setup does the job well. Finally, anyone who records videos, podcasts or similar will tell you that a decent-quality microphone is crucial, but you don’t have to spend a fortune. A colleague recommended the Blue Snowball mic as a good starting-point, together with the popfilter. My approach to narration has been to shoot all the video first, then make bullet-points for the voice-over and to record it within FCP using Window → Record Voiceover. This allows you to watch the video as you speak. Again, I learned a valuable lesson here: shoot longer video clips than you think you’ll need in case you have a lot to say. You can always trim video down, but you can’t magic up extra footage you didn’t shoot. This is a good general lesson for video: always shoot long, so you can be sure of having enough material. It’s a lesson I’ve also learned with my drone, which I’m sure will feature in a future FCP Diary piece. So, that’s my Final Cut Pro journey to date. If you have tips and tricks of your own to share, I’d love to hear them. Equally, if you are someone just starting out in FCP yourself, do share your experiences. Guides Final Cut Pro X Final Cut Pro X is a non-linear trackless video editing application (NLE) created by Apple for the Mac. View THe Guide Final Cut Pro View THe Guide Final Cut Pro Diary View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jan 28, 3:43 AM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Apple Jumps In With Amazon, Microsoft, Google, Facebook With Organization Partnership on AI By Denisse Moreno On 01/27/17 AT 12:51 PM Close Apple has joined the Partnership on AI to Benefit People and Society, and will work alongside other tech giants on artificial intelligence initiatives, the partnership announced Friday. Apple previously worked with Partnership on AI, but Friday’s announcement makes the company’s membership official, as it joined as a founding member. Apple has not yet announced the partnership. Partnership on AI, a nonprofit, was launched by Amazon, Facebook, Google, IBM, and Microsoft in September 2016. The organization works to address “opportunities and challenges with AI technologies to benefit people and society.” Members’ roles are to conduct research, recommend best practices and publish findings (which might explain why six researchers from Apple recently published a research paper related to AI.) Apple’s membership shows the company is committed to the AI race. It also could be a sign the company will soon reveal more of its work related to artificial intelligence. Among Apple’s AI work could be an enhanced version of Siri for its iPhone 8 launch, in response to the high popularity of other AI devices, such as Amazon’s Alexa and Google Assistant. In an effort to revamp Siri, Apple acquired Australian start-up Turi last August, which lets developers create apps with machine learning and artificial intelligence capabilities. Related Stories Apple Vs. Qualcomm: Chip Supplier Tells Cupertino Company To "Bring It On" iPhone 8: Apple Will Enhance Siri To Compete With Amazon and Google AI New Board Members Partnership on AI also announced six new board members. The individuals are Dario Amodei (OpenAI), Subbarao Kambhampati (Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence & ASU), Deirdre Mulligan (UC Berkeley), Carol Rose (American Civil Liberties Union), Eric Sears (MacArthur Foundation) and Jason Furman (Peterson Institute of International Economics). The members will join those on the Board of Trustees, which includes Siri co-founder and CTO Tom Gruber, as well as Greg Corrado (Google/DeepMind), Ralf Herbrich (Amazon), Eric Horvitz (Microsoft), Yann Lecun (Facebook) and Francesca Rossi (IBM). The first meeting for board members will be on Feb. 3 in San Francisco. Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business Trump Has Tax Plan To Pay For Border Wall The U.S. runs a $59 billion trade deficit with Mexico. Imposing a 20 percent tax on imports would raise funds to pay for the wall. Technology Twitter Says FBI Forced It To Share User Data The company made public Friday two national security request asking for user account data without any legal warrants, after the gag orders imposed by FBI were lifted. World Facts And Recipes For The 2017 Chinese Lunar New Year Every year, Chinese families gather from around the world for two weeks at their homes for celebrations and feasts. National ‘Americans Deserve Borders,’ Milo Yiannopoulos Says The Greek-born British journalist said he will build a wall himself to control illegal immigration and that the wall is necessary for the U.S. to flourish. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
ENTERTAINMENT MUSIC In the digital deluge, what distinguishes one music streaming service from the other? Streaming music Illustration by Michael Glenwood / For the Times A digital deluge of music. A digital deluge of music. (Illustration by Michael Glenwood / For the Times) Randall Roberts This winter, hip-hop frontiersman Chance the Rapper made music history when he earned seven Grammy nominations for a release that is not available for purchase. The Chicago artist issued his “Coloring Book” as a stream. That’s it. You couldn’t buy it if you wanted to.  His feat was the most recent indication of yet another seismic shift in online music retail. From instant downloads to all-you-can-stream plans, the state of digital music consumption has been in flux. Whether or not it receives trophies on Feb. 12, ”Coloring Book,” with its nominations, portends a new norm. Streaming music on audio and video platforms now represents 38% of total audio consumption, according to Nielsen Music. That’s a jump from 23% in 2014. Chance the Rapper has earned seven Grammy nominations, including best new artist, for his self-released debut album, "Coloring Book," a streaming-only title. Michael Zorn / Associated Press Chance the Rapper has earned seven Grammy nominations, including best new artist, for his self-released debut album, "Coloring Book," a streaming-only title. Chance the Rapper has earned seven Grammy nominations, including best new artist, for his self-released debut album, "Coloring Book," a streaming-only title. (Michael Zorn / Associated Press) Eventually the big players — Spotify, Apple and Tidal — would like to do for music what the likes of Netlfix, Hulu and Amazon Prime did for TV, only there’s a catch: They offer virtually identical catalogs. “Coloring Book,” for instance, is on Apple Music, Tidal, Google Music, Spotify, iHeartRadio and Deezer.  Constant rumors of consolidation are coming to pass. Last week phone carrier Sprint announced the purchase of a 33% stake in the Jay Z-owned Tidal, and Web radio innovator Pandora has unveiled its much-delayed intention to enter the market with an on-demand plan of its own. Each service in the increasingly crowded field is working frantically to overcome the perception that the main distinction among the uniformly priced $9.99 a month offerings is little more than font style, quirky playlist title and color scheme.   In contrast to the vast programming differences among Hulu, Netflix, HBO Go and other video streaming services, music platforms have long fought against the perception that they’re selling a nearly interchangeable product, said Mark Mulligan of Midia Research. “You're getting sold the same car. It's just got a different lick of paint on it.”  R&B singer Frank Ocean released his album "Blonde" on Apple Music last year. Ben Stansall / AFP/Getty Images R&B singer Frank Ocean released his album "Blonde" on Apple Music last year. R&B singer Frank Ocean released his album "Blonde" on Apple Music last year. (Ben Stansall / AFP/Getty Images) In turn, some are banking on exclusive releases. Subscribe to Spotify? Forget, then, about hearing the latest Frank Ocean “video album.” Others are betting fans want innovative content that merges playlist, podcast and radio station.  In 2017, personalization engines claim to deliver sounds with the adeptness of an expert record store clerk. Playlists don’t just recommend music, they attempt to “tell stories,” in the words of Apple’s Zane Lowe, who oversees the company’s Beats 1 radio initiative. It’s perhaps one reason why, in announcing the return of hip-hop duo Run the Jewels’ “WRTJ” radio show, Beats 1 is tagging it a “season premiere.” Yet as services attempt to diversify, there’s also the risk of alienating fans. Online exclusives, for instance, can lock an artist into a particular outlet — and lock non-subscribing fans out of hearing new music. (If only until their friend AirDrops them a copy.) Apple Music stormed into the market in 2014 with a seemingly bottomless budget, not to mention famous executives, and has shown itself willing to invest in exclusives, most notably in its relationships with Taylor Swift, Ocean, U2 and Travis Scott. For its part, Amazon jumped in with its own marketing coup: exclusive access to country superstar Garth Brooks’ music.  Amazon scored a marketing coup with its exclusive access to Garth Brooks' music. Eric Jamison / Invision / Associated Press Amazon scored a marketing coup with its exclusive access to Garth Brooks' music. Amazon scored a marketing coup with its exclusive access to Garth Brooks' music. (Eric Jamison / Invision / Associated Press) Such deals have proven controversial. According to a 2016 report in Bloomberg News, Apple-only artists have been threatened with being excluded from key Spotify playlists.  “We think exclusives are bad for artists and bad for fans,” said Jonathan Prince, Spotify’s head of communications and public policy, in a statement. “Artists want as many fans as possible to hear their music, and fans want to be able to hear whatever they’re excited about or interested in — exclusives get in the way of that for everyone.”  But even with all-access, can a playlist generator peek into your psyche? It’s possible, said David Bakula, music analyst for Nielsen Music. “People get paralyzed by the amount of choice out there.” Spotify’s “Discover Weekly” playlist recommendations are as impeccable as an indie shop’s most well-rounded snob.  For example, this music fan’s Monday-delivered recommendations recently tipped fantastic unheard music by artists including Brazilian singer Elza Soares, young singer-songwriter Faith Elliott and the ethereal instrumental music of Syrinx. “We're past the discussion that we're a bunch of robots that just don't have a heart,” said Doug Ford, Spotify’s director of editorial and music programming. He describes its approach as “man loves machine,” adding that the machine team “is made up of the biggest music fans in the company. We're all humans.”  The competition has taken note. Apple Music’s “My New Music Mix” attempts to work its magic in a similar way. Tidal calls its weekly recommendation playlist “The Weekly Brew.” The leaders in the always-on, on-demand music era are also taking cues from podcasts. Last year, Apple Music premiered what its vice president of content and media apps, Robert Kondrk, described as “Apple Music 2.0,” a massive makeover of its 15-month-old service that simplified and refined its key offerings like Beats 1 and curated playlists. Apple's Beats1 is carrying hip-hop duo Run the Jewels' "WRTJ" radio show. Mel Melcon / Los Angeles Times Apple's Beats1 is carrying hip-hop duo Run the Jewels' "WRTJ" radio show. Apple's Beats1 is carrying hip-hop duo Run the Jewels' "WRTJ" radio show. (Mel Melcon / Los Angeles Times) Apple’s Lowe, DJ and creative director of Beats 1, described the objective as musical storytelling. “We help tell the story to keep the conversation moving,” Lowe said, “and give artists and audience something that's more layered and deeper than just the idea that music is functional.”  The addictive “Music’s Cool With Chilly Gonzales,” for example features the witty Canadian pianist and Drake collaborator breaking down the musicality of artists including Beach House, Drake and Lana Del Rey. The avant-rock singer and guitarist Annie Clark, who performs as St. Vincent, has turned her show over to publisher-writer-actress Tavi Gevinson for a lovely set of music and conversation. The taste-making live-mix series “The Boiler Room” offers innovative beat mixes. The platform has integrated lyrics into its software, said Kondrk, and other liner-notes innovations are on the horizon.  With Garth Brooks-sized investments, Amazon’s operation is less concerned with liner-note style minutiae. Instead, it’s betting on home electronics by tying its Music Unlimited platform to the success of its Echo line of voice-activated home entertainment devices. For its part, in the fall Pandora hired “The Tonight Show With Jimmy Fallon” musical director and Roots drummer Questlove to launch “Questlove Supreme,” a music and interview show. A recent episode featured an extended interview with the R&B singer Solange Knowles illuminated the depths of her creative process.  Hiring Questlove, said Jeff Zuchowski, Pandora’s vice president of industry relations, came in part after analysis revealed that audience engagement with what he described as earlier “podcast-ish” shows was notably high. In order for us to continue to engage with the audience, we have to constantly adapt to what's going on around us." — Jeff Zuchowski, Pandora’s vice president of industry relations “In order for us to continue to engage with the audience, we have to constantly adapt to what's going on around us,” said Zuchowski. “It's not all about what the Top 40 songs that are playing across the United States — but it's digging in.”  The path to success, then, is still being defined. Thus, even if some long-rumored industry consolidation occurs, most music fans won’t shed tears because they haven’t developed emotional relationships with the product, theorizes streaming analyst Mulligan.  “The reason why most people stay with specific platforms is more inertia than loyalty,” he said, noting that exclusive releases such as those offered by Tidal and Apple Music haven’t produced “anything meaningful” in terms of subscriber upticks. “It's more a case of the velvet handcuffs,” he said, “of people having built up playlists that they're clearly not going to be able to take with them.”  Apple’s Kondrk said it’s nonsense to think of the online music players as identical. To describe the competition as such, he said, “is like saying I can go to the market and buy organic tomatoes — then all of a sudden I have the best Italian restaurant in Los Angeles.” Let the menu wars begin. Caption Kristen Stewart on directing 'Come Swim' Kristen Stewart enjoyed the free-form aspect of making her short film, "Come Swim" which is showing at the Sundance Film Festival. She doesn't see that as a directorial stepping-stone to full-length features. Kristen Stewart enjoyed the free-form aspect of making her short film, "Come Swim" which is showing at the Sundance Film Festival. She doesn't see that as a directorial stepping-stone to full-length features. Caption Kristen Stewart on directing 'Come Swim' Kristen Stewart enjoyed the free-form aspect of making her short film, "Come Swim" which is showing at the Sundance Film Festival. She doesn't see that as a directorial stepping-stone to full-length features. Kristen Stewart enjoyed the free-form aspect of making her short film, "Come Swim" which is showing at the Sundance Film Festival. She doesn't see that as a directorial stepping-stone to full-length features. Caption 'Step' shows us its moves at Sundance The young women in "Step" demonstrate a routine at the L.A. Times photo studio during the Sundance Film Festival. The documentary is about senior girls in a Baltimore high school step team as they prepare to be the first in their families to attend college. The young women in "Step" demonstrate a routine at the L.A. Times photo studio during the Sundance Film Festival. The documentary is about senior girls in a Baltimore high school step team as they prepare to be the first in their families to attend college. Caption Casey Affleck finds the words in 'Manchester by the Sea' Casey Affleck talks about the way Kenneth Lonergan uses everyday language to convey deep emotion in "Manchester by the Sea." Casey Affleck talks about the way Kenneth Lonergan uses everyday language to convey deep emotion in "Manchester by the Sea." Caption Natalie Portman on the importance of the infamous pink dress in 'Jackie' For her role as Jackie Kennedy, Natalie Portman says, "It's not a fashion story," but the clothes do tell a story. For her role as Jackie Kennedy, Natalie Portman says, "It's not a fashion story," but the clothes do tell a story. Caption Joel Edgerton finds the heart of 'Loving' Joel Edgerton talks about staying truthful to the real-life story of "Loving." Joel Edgerton talks about staying truthful to the real-life story of "Loving." There’s a lot of terrible music out there. For tips on the stuff that’s not, follow Randall Roberts on Twitter: @liledit Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Spotify Chance the Rapper With 'Bad and Boujee,' Migos is finally having its moment PETA's 'Dog's Purpose' protest set for Friday night at ArcLight Hollywood Jordan Peele's post-racial horror 'Get Out,' the scariest film at Sundance Local Sundance 2017 Sports Politics Opinion Most Popular Place An Ad 46°
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters Leaders & Founders Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading Apple shares back in vogue on Wall Street  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Good Eating Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics Chief executive election 2017 Macroscope The View Inside Out & Outside In The Insider Donald Trump Money Matters China: Around The Nation South China Sea: Hague case Cathay Pacific Jake's View A-shares Brexit Sino-Japanese relations Hong Kong weather Rodrigo Duterte Sino-US relations #SoHongKong China Briefing Hongcouver Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Tech›Leaders & Founders Apple Apple Apple shares back in vogue on Wall Street Looming release of 10th anniversary iPhone drawing investors to Apple PUBLISHED : Saturday, 28 January, 2017, 1:11am UPDATED : Saturday, 28 January, 2017, 1:11am Comments:   Reuters Share PrintEmail Related topics Apple Related Articles Enterprises Apple sues Qualcomm in Beijing court for 1 bln yuan 26 Jan 2017 Leaders & Founders Apple files US$1 bln lawsuit against Qualcomm over royalties 21 Jan 2017 Innovation American companies the most innovative in 2016 12 Jan 2017 Wall Street has regained an appetite for Apple as investors bet that the release of a 10th-anniversary iPhone and pent up customer demand will shore up shrinking sales. The largest component of the S&P 500, Apple remained a core holding of Wall Street throughout a decline in the stock in the first half of last year. But a recent rebound and speculation about an expected new phone have kindled additional investor interest. Apple’s 15 per cent rally since mid-November pushed the stock to levels not seen in more than a year and boosted over 100 mutual funds that became shareholders in recent quarters. The gains have come even as Apple struggles with slow global demand for smartphones, made worse by consumers in key growth regions like China and India preferring Android devices selling for under US$200. The stock is up 36 per cent from lows in May of last year, when it was plagued by worries about iPhone sales, which fell in 2016 for the first time. The shares are now down 8 per cent from a record high close in February 2015. Many on Wall Street expect Apple, which reports its fiscal first-quarter results on Tuesday, to mark the 10th anniversary of the iPhone this year with a dramatically improved model. Apple has not disclosed details, but analysts have speculated about potential new features including better haptic technology, wireless charging and a curved display that many believe will attract consumers who have begun to lose interest in smartphones. “We think this is going to be a pretty solid launch, a really big one,” said Brian Hennessey, portfolio manager of the Alpine Dynamic Dividend Fund, whose largest holding is Apple. “I think even the bears would probably suggest that this product that’s coming out is going to be pretty interesting and hard to ignore.” The number of mutual funds reporting they became Apple shareholders in recent quarterly filings has jumped by 188 per cent to 288, while the number of mutual funds liquidating their Apple holdings dropped by 25 per cent to 154, according to Morningstar. Strong sales of the iPhone 6S two years ago have arguably left a larger-than-normal base of customers now ready to upgrade to new devices in what several analysts have describe as a “supercycle.” Apple’s staying power tested in first decade of iPhone, as strong Chinese rivals emerge Citing recent supply and demand checks, Morgan Stanley analyst Katy Huberty on January 16 cut her estimate for December-quarter iPhone shipments to 75 million units from 79 million, and she warned that Apple would likely give March-quarter guidance below investors’ expectations. But confident about pent up demand, Huberty raised her iPhone estimates for the fiscal year starting in October and said Apple remains a top pick. Apple’s recent stock gain makes the success of its next iPhone all the more crucial, said Trip Miller, managing partner of hedge fund Gullane Capital. Attracted to the healthy balance sheet and a price/earnings multiple that is low versus the S&P 500’s average, the fund added to an existing Apple stake after the stock swooned last year. Apple currently makes up about 5 per cent of its portfolio, Miller said. Apple is rushing to expand music streaming and other services that provide recurring revenues in a bid to offset lacklustre iPhones sales, which still account for 60 per cent of total revenue. “They really need to have a big value-add in the next product they come out with,” Miller said. Also sounding a cautious note, Barclays analyst Mark Moskowitz downgraded Apple on January 24 to “equal weight” from “overweight”, warning that this year’s new iPhones may not entice consumers increasingly content to keep their devices for three or four years, instead of two or three. Apple’s recent rally has left its stock trading at 12.9 times expected earnings, pricier than its five-year average of about 12.0 times expected earnings but far cheaper than the S&P 500’s multiple of 17.2 times earnings, according to Thomson Reuters Datastream. After three consecutive quarters of declines, Apple in the December-quarter is expected by analysts to report a 2 per cent increase in revenue to US$77.4 billion, according to Thomson Reuters data. Revenue for fiscal 2017 is expected by analysts to grow 5.5 per cent, recovering some of last year’s 7.7 per cent decline.   Most Popular Viewed 1 China tightens Great Firewall, outlawing unauthorised VPNs 2 Hard times ahead for China’s economy, says Alibaba’s Jack Ma 3 US$15 million computer system to tackle cybersecurity 4 Alibaba’s shares rise on higher full-year revenue forecast 5 China sets up 100 billion yuan state fund to invest in the internet Shared 1 China tightens Great Firewall, outlawing unauthorised VPNs 2 Prepare for robotics, AI to worsen the backlash of globalisation 3 Internet+ turning into a buzzword in China 4 Hard times ahead for China’s economy, says Alibaba’s Jack Ma 5 China sets up 100 billion yuan state fund to invest in the internet Commented 1 Hard times ahead for China’s economy, says Alibaba’s Jack Ma 2 The number of internet users rose to 731 million in China last year 3 Prepare for robotics, AI to worsen the backlash of globalisation 4 Professor’s biofilm breakthrough could save shipping companies billions 5 China sets up 100 billion yuan state fund to invest in the internet Promotions Register for a free copy of Home Essentials 2017 now       You may also like World Trump taps ex-Hong Kong businessman for US Navy secretary 26 Jan 2017 - 10:14pm 7 Smart-home kits keep pet owners connected In partnership with: HKT PREMIER Hong Kong Canadian Chinese man loses bid to help son acquire HK passport 26 Jan 2017 - 9:26am 14 Double honours for PolyU in UGC Teaching Award Sponsored by: The Hong Kong Polytechnic University Hong Kong Joshua Wong hopes Netflix airing of film will raise awareness 26 Jan 2017 - 12:23am 56 China Millions on the move in China’s Lunar New Year rush 25 Jan 2017 - 3:04pm 3 Hong Kong Hong Kong denies Beijing role in seizure of Singaporean troop carriers 26 Jan 2017 - 4:13pm 72 China invests billions in the US ... who gets the most? 25 Jan 2017 - 1:36pm 2 Geopolitics Hong Kong to return seized armoured vehicles to Singapore 25 Jan 2017 - 12:24pm 87 China How does China’s ‘One Belt, One Road’ match up against the TPP? 24 Jan 2017 - 11:17pm 3 China China tightens Great Firewall, outlawing unauthorised VPNs 23 Jan 2017 - 11:26pm 26 Lifestyle Lunar New Year feng shui: how to decorate your home Jan 25th 2017, 5:42pm South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2017 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad How Amazon's Alexa took a bite out of Apple in the battle to control the living room (but it's only round one) Experts say Amazon's openness has been key to its early success hundreds of partners have added support for Alexa  Apple has tighter controls over its HomeKit system  By Reuters Published: 08:01 EST, 27 January 2017 | Updated: 17:30 EST, 27 January 2017 e-mail 8 shares In less than a year, Amazon's combination of the Echo speaker system and the Alexa voice-controlled digital assistant has come close to delivering on the elusive promise of easy-to-use technology that can control gadgets in the home with a few spoken words. Yet Amazon's surprise success sets up a long-term battle with Apple and Alphabet Google for primacy in the connected household. And the contours of that competition are following a classic tech industry dynamic. Amazon's surprise success with its Echo speakers and Alexa smart assistant sets up a long-term battle with Apple and Alphabet Google for primacy in the connected household. Amazon is pursuing an open-systems approach that allows quick development of many features, while Apple is taking a slower route, asserting more control over the technology in order to assure security and ease-of-use. The strategic importance of the 'connected home' niche looms large: Amazon wants a way to own its customer interactions -mainly shopping online - without an Apple phone or a Google Web browser as an intermediary. Apple needs to keep the iPhone at the center of customers' lives, and has built a whole home automation architecture, called Homekit, into its smartphone. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Google Maps can now warn you BEFORE you leave the house if... NASA displays Apollo 1 capsule hatch 50 years after fatal... Microsoft's market value tops $500 BILLION for the first... Panasonic introduces service ROBOTS to Tokyo Narita Airport... Share this article Share Google, for its part, is investing heavily in both intelligent assistant software and home-automation devices like the Nest thermostats and, more recently, the Google Home speaker.  But Google is behind in the race, with its speaker only hitting the market in November and compatible with a handful of gadgets beyond Nest and Dropcam, which the company also owns. 'When the iPhone rolled out in 2007, everyone developed for that. Right now, everyone is developing for the voice-activated Internet,' said Mark Mahaney, an analyst and managing director with RBC Capital Markets. Mahaney estimates Amazon sold as many as 10 million Alexa-enabled devices over the holiday season. Google hasn't disclosed sales for its Home speaker. Apple has declined to comment on reports that it has a voice-activated speaker in the works. The final revamped feature shown for iOS was the Home app, which delivers a simple and secure way to setup, manage and control your home. Users can access and inateract with all their automated home products, no matter who makes them HOW HOMEKIT WORKS  Opening the Home app brings up a main screen that lists all favourite Scenes and favourite accessories for quick access.  Each accessory can be controlled individually by pressing on its name to bring up a set of options. You can also create scenes, such as 'Leaving home' that turns off the lights, locks your doors, and lowers the thermostat — all with one command. You can set up products to trigger each other based on an additional condition, such as setting your bathroom heater to turn on at 6:00 a.m. but only when you're home.  Siri can also listen for voice commands. Apple spokeswoman Trudy Muller said the company is leading the industry by being the first to integrate home automation into a major platform with iOS 10.  'The number of HomeKit-compatible accessories continues to grow rapidly with many exciting solutions announced just this month,' she said. For the smart home, the key developer partners are the makers of household devices ranging from lighting systems to refrigerators.  There are currently about 250 devices that are certified to work with Alexa, and Amazon has encouraged rapid development of third-party applications with its open-systems approach and even financial incentives for some partners. Apple's Homekit, by contrast, has about 100 certified devices.  And the reasons behind that gap show both the risks and the potential rewards of Apple's approach. HOW APPLE EXERTS CONTROL To be Homekit-certified, gadget makers must include special chips to work with Apple's system. Developers that order small volumes of the chips say they can cost an 50 cents to $2, though prices are lower for larger buyers. Apple also requires developers to buy specific WiFi and Bluetooth networking chips that cost more than competitors. The devices have to be made in special factories that are certified by Apple. A confidential Apple document obtained by Reuters lists more than 800 of these factories, but only a few specialize in home automation products. Developers can ask Apple to certify an unlisted factory they want to use. But the limited selection means that device makers can't always get the best prices or work with their preferred factories. The founder of one startup that considered pursuing HomeKit approval for a device that helps control home temperatures said the company picked a factory with 40,000 employees that was making well known 'Star Wars' toys, but it couldn't use that factory for HomeKit products. 'They're a huge company, a legitimate manufacturer that makes tech household brands. And yet they're not certified,' said the founder, who declined to speak on the record because of non-disclosure agreements with Apple. Manufacturers also have to send product samples to Cupertino, where Apple tests them extensively for compatibility. The whole process can take three to five months. During that time, device makers aren't allowed to say publicly that they're pursuing HomeKit certification. Some developers say it's worth it. 'They found issues with our product before we released it that we didn't find in our testing,' said Gimmy Chu, CEO of Nanoleaf, a smart lighting system. 'We know that after we have the certification that it's rock solid.' AMAZON'S 'OPEN' APPROACH Amazon's Echo has been a huge hit Alexa, by contrast, only requires smart home companies to write software code and submit it to Amazon for review.  There are no special chips. To earn the 'Works with Alexa' label -which isn't required to function with Alexa but does help promote products on Amazon's website - startups must have their products physically tested. Amazon does allow that to happen in a third-party lab, however. Once those certifications are in hand, Amazon says it will decide whether or not a device gets the 'Works with Alexa' label within 10 days. Apple's approach has some clear advantages when it comes to privacy, security and ease-of-use. HomeKit gadgets, for example, can operate without being connected to the Internet. (An iPad or Apple TV connected to the Internet is required if you want to control devices when you're outside the house.) 'It also makes for a better user experience,' notes Ahmed Abdallah, a senior engineer at Incipio, which makes HomeKit-compatible devices such as electrical outlets. 'You'll experience some latency if you're always having to bounce off the cloud' as with Alexa. Apple also has an advantage around setup. iPhone owners open up the Home app and set up a device with just a few taps. With Alexa, customers have to download the gadget's companion app first, set up the device, then add a 'skill' to Alexa in the Alexa app. PHILIPS HUE - THE $60 SMART LIGHTS  The Philips hue system is the market-leader in smart lighting for the home.  The $129  starter kit comprises three bulbs and a unit called a 'bridge', that connects your lights to your wifi system, allowing you to control the lights with your iOS or Android smartphone or tablet. If you want to really go to town, you can add up to 50 more bulbs.  Philips $129 starter kit, with two bulbs, a bridge and a switch. As well as being able to control the lights, you can also make the lights respond in certain ways to certain events. For example, if your football team scores, the lights could be programmed to flash.  Or if you get an email from your children, the lights could change colour.  Philips makes a range of lamps for the system, even including bedside lamps like this one The lights can also double as an alarm, and even automatically turn on when you return home.  The firm also recently unveiled a new motion sensor which can work with HomeKit to trigger scenes when you walk in, for instance. It also makes everything from strips of LED lights to physical dimmer switches that can be easily programmed to work with HomeKit.  Apple's ease of setup lured in some big brands like Hunter Fan Company, the top-selling ceiling fan maker in the U.S. 'If that experience isn't good, it has a strong negative halo on the brand because customers just assume the product is bad,' said John Neilson, the company's chief marketing officer. Amazon acknowledges that unlike Apple, it can't guarantee the security of third-party devices. A company spokeswoman did note that sensitive commands like unlocking doors have an extra layer of security such as a voice-controlled PIN. Still, it's not clear whether Apple's elaborate but slow-to-develop system will have enough advantages to overcome Amazon's widening lead. 'The danger I see for Apple and the home is they're assuming that because I have a smartphone that may be an Apple device, that alone is enough of a Trojan horse to establish their mindshare,' said Andreas Stavropoulos, a partner at venture capital firm DFJ. 'I wouldn't say that's certain yet.' REMOTE DOORS LOCKS: THE AUGUST LOCK The firm also makes a 'doorbell cam' The August lock is made of durable anodized aluminum and is fitted to an existing door look in about 10 minutes.  It can then be managed using a mobile or Apple Watch app and online. August works with any Bluetooth-enabled smartphone, although the apps are only available on iOS and Android, and its laterst version adds HomeKit capabilities. To open the lock, anyone with a code can approach the door, enable their phone's Bluetooth and press the relevant address from the app.  Or, swipe and tap their Apple Watch. To open the lock, anyone with a code can approach the door, enable their phone or watch's Bluetooth and press the relevant address from the app. An exploded view of the lock is shown To grant keyless access to friends the homeowner must send them an invite using Facebook contacts or their phone's address book. When someone enters or leaves the house a notification is sent to the owner. The lock automatically closes after 10 seconds to secure the door.  Share or comment on this article e-mail 8 shares Most watched News videos Graphic: NZ Breakers player's eye dislodged in horrific injury Pizza Hut customer finds workers in the back of empty restaurant in Bristol 'There goes that relationship' Trump's quip to BBC question Shocking CCTV shows car speed into Humber Bridge barrier Heartwarming scene as Grayce shares her puppies with owner Florida couple passed out in their car with two children in the backseat A close look at the huge crack formed across Arizona desert Enraged man punches laptop and quits job during 'meltdown' at airport Bizarre footage of multiple UFOs hovering near Mexican border Alarming moment guy violently pushes man onto tube tracks CCTV shows brave man fighting nunchuck-wielding robbers Inauguration etiquette 101: Escort First Lady up White House steps First ladies first? Why didn't Trump wait for Melania at... Hollywood legend John Hurt dies: Two-time Oscar nominee... Two-mile crack is found in the Arizona desert: Giant... What a special relationship! Trump gets touchy-feely with... Live by the sword, die by the sword: Stunning... Devastated father tells how mother died in court 'because... 'Well there goes that relationship!' President Trump... Smiling conman bags £330 'refund' for a TV he just picked... What a special relationship! Trump gets touchy-feely with... 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for... Bizarre moment customer walks into empty Pizza Hut and... The gruesome moment a basketball player's EYE pops out... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read What to do in a nuclear attack: As the world edges closer to doomsday, experts reveal their tips for... Coughton Court's secret room: 3D scans finally unveil a priest hole hidden in the walls of the famous... Can YOU solve this McDonald's maths puzzle? Brainteaser that has left the internet baffled is harder than it... Climate change and NOT humans killed off Australia's Ice Age megabeasts including 500lb kangaroos and... A cluster of UFOs was filmed hovering over the border between the US and Mexico... but the footage has... Corn is turning french hamsters into 'deranged cannibals' that eat their own offspring The ultra secure, self-destructing 'black phone' Donald Trump SHOULD be using revealed amid claims the... Stunned Pittsburgh museum workers find a REAL human skull inside the 148 year old plaster head of a diarama... The ultimate Nerf: $100 'Nemesis' that can hold 100 foam pellets and fire them at 70mph revealed Who's a good boy? Study finds dogs will always share their treats - especially with their friends Talk about going the extra mile! Shark travels half way around the world in just 600 days in new world... Get ready for the iCig: Apple files patent for a VAPE that could also be used for marijuana Did Earth makes its OWN water deep in the mantle? New theory could solve the mystery of our planet's liquid... NASA study reveals how much radiation REALLY hits you when you travel by plane A human-pig hybrid embryo has been created in a world first: Breakthrough could open up the possibility for... MORE HEADLINES MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today The Kushners break bread with Team Trump: Jared and Ivanka welcome members of the President's cabinet for the first big Shabbat meal at their new DC home  Snapping back into shape! Terry Richardson shares NUDE post-baby bod photo of girlfriend Alexandra 'Skinny' Bolotow Controversial snapper Paula Patton and Robin Thicke's girlfriend April Love Geary meet in a Malibu parking lot where the pair appear to communicate through a mediator amid custody battle Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy sweater as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumors Casual look PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy Strolling hand-in-hand Hollywood legend John Hurt dead: Two-time Oscar nominee and Elephant Man actor passes away aged 77 after battling cancer and suffering intestinal complaint Why Jackie O is STILL the First Lady of fashion: A hit film means even more stars trying to copy JFK's widow but they rarely pull it off, says SANDRA HOWARD Mischa Barton says she was drugged while having birthday drinks before meltdown that left her 'screaming about the end of the world' Va va voom! Kendall Jenner sizzles in sheer black gown with thigh-high slit as she leads the stars at Harper's Bazaar event In LA Demi Moore and daughters Tallulah and Scout Willis make for a trio of fashionistas at Harper's Bazaar event Event took place at the Sunset Tower Hotel Revealed: Alan Thicke picked brother over son Robin to care for then-minor son Carter in 2007  The Canadian entertainer died at 69 Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling secretly wed Flashy Nothing to hide! Paris Jackson showcases nipple-piercings as she goes braless in Los Angeles King of Pop's daughter stepped out in LA Bombshell in black and white! Emily Ratajkowski shows off her cleavage in strapless gown for Harper's Bazaar celebration She dazzled 'Two special girls'! Marla Maples shares pointed throwback snap of herself with Ivanka and Tiffany Trump as girls - after Ivanka said she and her stepmother weren't close Red alert! Victoria Justice and Elle Fanning stand out in scarlet at the Harper's Bazaar celebration The two starlets were an arresting sight in red Hilary Duff goes effortlessly chic in double-breasted black pantsuit set at star-studded Harper's Bazaar gala Donned a two-piece black pantsuit Cool customer! EJ Johnson rocks hot pink varsity jacket and Daisy Dukes for spot of shopping  Shopping in Beverly Hills at Saks Fifth Avenue Leggy blonde! Courtney Stodden steps out in platform heels and barely there shorts for lunch in Beverly Hills The reality star wore tiny black shorts  Schuyler Sisters of the hit Broadway musical Hamilton will sing America the Beautiful at Super Bowl 51 In Houston, Texas, on February 5 All that glitters! Julianne Hough bares cleavage in sparkling Zuhair Murad outfit at Harper's BAZAAR 150 Most Fashionable Women event Support system! Paul Rudd joins screenwriter wife Julie at Sundance premiere of their new film Fun Mom Dinner Posed at its world premiere  Bra-vo! Heidi Klum puts on an eye-popping display as she ditches a blouse and opts for a plunging blazer at Harper's Bazaar gala Former Victoria's Secret Angel  David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite Pretty in pattern! Jordana Brewster cuts a stylish figure in a navy and white dress for shopping outing with her son Rowan in Beverly Hills Their love is fantastic! Newly-engaged Kate Mara and Jamie Bell beam while hand-in-hand on outing in LA Brokeback Mountain star Gal pals Kristen Stewart and Chloe Grace Moretz spend THIRD day in a row together at gym in LA The 26-year-old Twilight star  Fresh face: Reese Witherspoon looks radiant after treating herself to retail therapy at skin care store Spotted in Beverly Hills, California  'Summer Is Coming': Kelly Rohrbach sizzles and Priyanka Chopra chills in steamy 'moving posters' for upcoming Baywatch film A series of 'moving poster' videos A hat trick of stars! Alyssa Milano, Jon Hamm and Michael J. Fox shine at NHL 100 Gala The event was at the Microsoft Theater at L.A.  Todd Fisher announces joint public memorial service for sister Carrie and mother Debbie Reynolds It's been a sad few weeks for the Fisher family PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Enjoyed a carefree night out with friends in Los Angeles 'I'm still in shock': Drew Barrymore confesses she's 'not ready' to begin dating...five months after officially divorcing Will Kopelman 'It gets so much worse': RHOA's Kandi Burruss hits back at co-star Porsha Williams over threesome and lesbian rumors  'Drinking a lot of beer and eating a lot of cheeseburgers': Matthew McConaughey talks 21kg (47lbs) weight gain for new role as he transforms his body AGAIN  39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy The 19 Kids And Counting star DJ Khaled, John Legend, and Luke Bryan announced as new advisors on The Voice alongside Celine Dion New line-up is revealed for the show 'He joined the Nazi Party': The Young and the Restless star Eric Braeden reveals details about his German father and long career in new memoir The couple that works together: Alanis Morissette and husband Mario 'Souleye' Treadway team up for wintry Snow Angel music video Buxom Pamela Anderson, 49, rolls back the years as she shows off her famous cleavage in plunging party dress at Paris bash Baywatch babe Turning the tables! Sofia Richie rocks pink jacket as she practises photography skills while out and about in LA She decided to take her turn at the other end of the camera  Welcome to Pippa's wedding of the year: A marquee for 350 in mum and dad's back garden. A Caribbean honeymoon BEFORE the big day. And a naughty best man Anne Hathaway is movie star chic in all black ensemble with dark shades and bold red lip as she steps out in NYC She is 34 She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session Keeping fit That's certainly one way to catch the Royal eye! ROBERT HARDMAN on how the Queen undertook her first public engagement of 2017 with a celebration of all things Fijian 'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear The 19-year-old reality star Quirk it! Melissa George, 40, flaunts shapely pins in bold silver mini dress complete with hot-pink sleeves as she attends awards gala in Paris No time for jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio hits the gym in Victoria's Secret gym gear... just a day after flying from Paris to LA A model's work is never done!  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn She's gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny, to a multi-millionaire  As the Queen opens her secret archive for the first time ROBERT HARDMAN is given exclusive access to astonishing revelations about the real George III EXCLUSIVE: Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for makeout sessions during NYC dinner date Fun family yoga! Coco Austin holds her baby girl in the air while resting on her sister's hands and feet in impressive new Instagram pic 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour She bared her taut legs as she posed for a selfie Pictured: William and Kate get $25,000 yew hedge to give their new palace home some privacy  The royal couple have hired gardeners Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat She let fans glimpse how much work goes into getting ready SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Elizabeth Hurley's favorite photographer, son Damian, 14 He took this picture in the Maldives which she shared on social media Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Sharon Stone, 58, shows off her perfect bikini body in a black two-piece on sunshine break  Looked almost ageless Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbors found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back She died aged 22 Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Out in the Big Apple 'I decided to save my own life': Woman, 44, loses 35 KILOS in two years by running and following an alkaline diet... and she says 'anyone can do it' The 'Oh Yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer $175million but he's never even SEEN the movie You look a bit of a plonker in that, Rodders! Rock star Stewart's new look is a little more UK TV star Del Boy chic, as the French say, than millionaire crooner REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips naked to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap She is covered by just a white sheet Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Reportedly uninvited  Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Paying respects It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym The beautiful 27-year-old British actress Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 Worn by the 65-year-old actor in the 1992 movie A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Posed on the beach Aloha! Amber Rose showcases curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Not one to usually shy away from showing off her eye-popping figure 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She won't return Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in defamation case Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 The Royals actress Paula Patton claims ex Robin Thicke invited his drug dealer to their son's 5th birthday and that he punched her in court documents as she fights for sole custody  Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school students during Malawi charity trip Shed her usual pop star privileges He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles The DNCE frontman  Katherine Webb is accused of 'body shaming' after she shared an image of her son's bare bottom while stating it is the 'only time butt dimples are cute' Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  She died on Wednesday Rapper Chief Keef is arrested at his million-dollar LA home after his former producer accused the artist of 'assaulting and robbing him with an AK-47' Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram She's looking hotter than ever on social media Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-colored bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Crazy for couture! FEMAIL rounds up the girliest one-of-a-kind gowns from Paris Couture Fashion Week and shows you where to shop equally pretty pieces for much less 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photo of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing The beauty shared images of her injuries Make way for Megyn! NBC 'to revamp the Today show and possibly move Hoda and Kathie Lee from their timeslot when Kelly joins the network' 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set Highly anticipated 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik Swift at her sexiest Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander Dominic and Alicia have worked together before Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches in between takes on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl She is yet to confirm they are expecting a second child As Couture Fashion Week comes to a close, FEMAIL breaks down the street style outfits modeled by Bella Hadid, Olivia Palermo and Kendall Jenner  'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears She captioned the pic: '#Legends #BlondesRule #FBF' Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Gideon and Harper were making cupcakes Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Her character will give fans a closer look into Will's timeline Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project in New York City She is in the city shooting bio-pic Can You Ever Forgive Me? Beauty crash course: Kate Hudson's manicurist shares the surprising household items you can use to create on-trend DIY nail looks this weekend  Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for appearance on The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Judy Garland's remains are dug up from her grave in New York and moved to LA 48 years after her death by her daughter Liza Minnelli  'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on 47lbs for new film Gold Nothing says I love you like bondage rope... Gwyneth Paltrow debuts saucy Valentine's gift guide filled with crude jewelry, risque lingerie and organic condoms Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice The Rich Girl hitmaker gushed: 'There's nobody like Celine' City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman Bristol Palin shares snap of herself testing out new pregnancy pillow given to her by her husband and son, just days after she slammed the Women's March Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Spotted in Los Angeles Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage's disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX He gave a glimpse of his battle with baldness on Thursday 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of fine for dangerous cliff diving During a break in filming on Pacific Rim: Uprising Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after the school run Mother of three kids and a successful actress Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Posing on her Snapchat Story in a sheer top In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day out  Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Hotly anticipated movie Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! A pram fit for a king! Pregnant Cheryl and One Direction's Liam Payne get delivery from Royal family favorite company Preparing Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Logan actor hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Funny clip She's got the moves! Steph Curry's adorable daughter Riley, 4, steals the show again with impromptu dab-off at father's high school jersey retirement Rafael Nadal's girlfriend Xisca Perello joins him for the first time at Australian Open and gives him some VERY close support... as he reaches the final 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organized pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks Is this your shady sitcom star? Tom Arnold tweets about 'weather in Africa' as I'm A Celebrity posts silhouette video that matches Roseanne actor PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  Very excited fans Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes her dog for a walk... amid rumors her relationship with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain is over Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live by Night results in $75million loss for Warner Bros Took critical response to Batman v Superman very personally Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North Ultimate bachelorette pad! Mary Tyler Moore's home from her days as Mary Richards goes on sale for $1.7m boasting seven bedrooms, nine bathrooms and SAUNA  Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Shout out to my (other) ex: Perrie Edwards deletes Instagram snap of boyfriend Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain after that nightclub row  Is it over already? Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich, UK Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child, ex Paula Patton and her mother'  Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub Mistakenly named as an Oscar nominee. Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend She took a stroll in West Hollywood Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco Obama is set to cash in on presidency with a reported $20MILLION advance for his memoirs  'Go for more than any president's before it' From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  'Do better!' Lucy Hale is slammed on Twitter after joking about showing off 'baby hairs' in a shoot, prompting many to accuse her of ignorance  Portraits fit for the Queen go up for auction: Pictures of Royals and political leaders by artist who painted Her Majesty while she watched racing on TV  Specs appeal! Baywatch beauty Priyanka Chopra rocks aviator eyeglasses while out in New York City Plays Alex Parrish on the ABC thriller Quantico A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a TV show appearance 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Throwback Thursday! Kristen Bell shares snap of her crying at her 2013 wedding to Dax Shepard The 36-year-old actress wrote: '#tbt to when I cried at our wedding' 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere On the red carpet Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC  She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leaves for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Jetting off 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke Will headline an upcoming ABC thriller  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala Forever associated with his on-screen love affair 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body The 32-year-old reality star  Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  They seem to be serious From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Is it really worth paying £280 for the Switch? MailOnline gives its verdict on Nintendo's latest console While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Can a burger made from plants really taste as good as one made from meat? They're bestsellers in America - and heading here. So do they pass the taste test for meat-mad Tom and strict Vegan Tanith...  285 comments 1 video SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Mashable We're using cookies to improve your experience. Click Here to find out more. Mashable Mashable Asia Mashable Australia Mashable France Mashable India Mashable UK Sign in Like Follow Follow Mashable see more  > Search Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop More Channels Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop Company About Us Licensing & Reprints Archive Mashable Careers Contact Contact Us Submit News Advertise Advertise Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Apps iPhone / iPad Android Resources Subscriptions Sites Mashable Shop Job Board Social Good Summit Tech Like Follow Follow MashTalk: How Apple's lawsuit against Qualcomm could affect future iPhones 545 Shares Share Tweet Share What's This? Image: mashable composite By Raymond Wong2017-01-27 17:51:50 UTC Apple's suing another company again, and this time it's not Samsung. On this week's MashTalk, Mashable Tech Editor Pete Pachal, Chief Correspondent Lance Ulanoff and yours truly chat about Apple's lawsuit against Qualcomm and the latest iPhone 8 rumors.  We also have special guest, Tech Reporter Brett Williams, to explain why everyone should get laser eye surgery in case of the apocalypse. SEE ALSO: MashTalk: Looking back at the biggest trends of CES 2017 Consumers might not care as much over legal battles between tech giants, but Apple's $1 billion lawsuit against Qualcomm could have huge ramifications for future iPhones, namely who will supply the baseband processor (the module that's essential to helping you connect to cell towers and Wi-Fi). Without getting into the nitty gritty (you'll have to listen to the podcast for full details), Apple's essentially accusing Qualcomm of being a patent troll and charging royalties "for technologies they have nothing to do with."  We also talk more iPhone 8 rumors. Apple's not expected to announce the iPhone 8 or "iPhone X" as some reports are calling it, for another eight months, but that doesn't mean the leaks aren't coming in. Whether they're real or fake is another thing.  Closing out this week's MashTalk, Brett dives into why he got laser eye surgery a few years back. Spoiler alert: It's the same reason why Reddit co-founder and CEO Steve Huffman got it  in case the world comes to an end. If you haven't read his fantastic personal essay on the matter, you really should.  And, as always, don't forget to leave your questions and comments by tweeting @Mash_Talk with the #MashTalk hashtag. We welcome all feedback. BONUS: Everything we think we know about the next iPhone Topics: Apple, Gadgets, iphone 8, lasers, lasik, mash talk, mashtalk, podcasts, qualcomm, rumors, Tech About Us Jobs Advertise Subscribe Privacy Terms Mashable is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Powered by its own proprietary technology, Mashable is the go-to source for tech, digital culture and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the globe. ©2005-2017 Mashable, Inc. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved. Designed in collaboration with Code & Theory
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  iOS App  Calendar  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Take Control Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1353, 23 Jan 17 #1352, 16 Jan 17 #1351, 09 Jan 17 #1350, 02 Jan 17 #1349, 12 Dec 16 #1348, 05 Dec 16 #1347, 21 Nov 16 #1346, 14 Nov 16 #1345, 07 Nov 16 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members ScanSnap Smile   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the best-selling Take Control ebooks.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist Quicken 2017 for Mac 4.4.3 Art Text 3.2 ChronoSync 4.7.3 Safari 10.0.3 iTunes 12.5.5 Final Cut Pro X 10.3.2, Compressor 4.3.1, and Motion 5.3.1 BusyCal 3.1.4 and BusyContacts 1.1.6 Mailplane 3.6.9 Boom 2 v1.5.2 Logic Pro X 10.3     Related Articles Retracting Criticism of LG UltraFine 5K Display Review Removal (25 Jan 17)     Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. External Links | 23 Jan 2017 | Print  | Comment (6) Apple Pulls LG UltraFine 5K Display Reviews by Josh Centers [Retraction: Since it has come to our attention, and we have confirmed via the Internet Archive’s Wayback Machine, that Apple never opened reviews on the LG UltraFine 5K Display store page, we are retracting our criticism of Apple’s assumed behavior. We regret the error. See Retracting Criticism of LG UltraFine 5K Display Review Removal for a full discussion. –Adam Engst] Reddit user michael_emery points out that Apple has removed all user reviews for the LG UltraFine 5K Display from its Apple Store page after a barrage of negative reviews. User-reported problems include failure to wake from sleep, Macs crashing when reconnecting the monitor, Macs becoming unresponsive, and various Touch Bar issues while the display is connected. Until more is known and solutions appear, we recommend delaying purchases of the LG UltraFine 5K Display. And, frankly, this is bush-league behavior on Apple’s part. If these problems are real, the reviews should stay, or Apple should stop selling the monitor. If the problems are coincidental, Apple should provide a public statement and support for those who have purchased the nearly $1000 screen. follow link   Comments about Apple Pulls LG UltraFine 5K Display Reviews To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. [Retraction: Since it has come to our attention, and we have confirmed via the Internet Archive’s Wayback Machine, that Apple never opened reviews on the LG UltraFine 5K Display store page, we are retracting our criticism of Apple’s assumed behavior. We regret the error. See Retracting Criticism of LG UltraFine 5K Display Review Removal for a full discussion. –Adam Engst] Reddit user michael_emery points out that Apple has removed all user reviews for the LG UltraFine 5K Display from its Apple Store page after a barrage of negative reviews. User-reported problems include failure to wake from sleep, Macs crashing when reconnecting the monitor, Macs becoming unresponsive, and various Touch Bar issues while the display is connected. Until more is known and solutions appear, we recommend delaying purchases of the LG UltraFine 5K Display. And, frankly, this is bush-league behavior on Apple’s part. If these problems are real, the reviews should stay, or Apple should stop selling the monitor. If the problems are coincidental, Apple should provide a public statement and support for those who have purchased the nearly $1000 screen. Receive comments via RSS Add a comment Chris Pepper   2017-01-23 15:09 Wow. Feeling lucky now - I haven't had any trouble. But I never let my Macs sleep, and don't use the UF 5K every day. Reply David Price   2017-01-23 15:36 Our favorite fruit company is moving to the dark side . . . Reply Cat  2017-01-23 16:29 They can be incredibly petty at times. I use Goggle Phone for my minimal phones needs, so I've been using a 4S iPhone just for listening to music and audiobooks. It worked fine for that purpose. Several months back, Apple sent a security update so I downloaded it. Tens hours of rebooting commenced followed by a very dead device. So took it out to the Apple store. Their answer? Yes the security update killed it but that's not our fault as it was an old device and it's up to you to know when not to update. Huh? As I was leaving quite pissed off, I heard a woman telling the scheduler that her iPhone would no longer boot up after a software update... Reply jschenck  2017-01-23 20:14 I've considered buying the 15" and the LG 5K monitor to replace my 2010 MacBook Pro. Maybe I need to wait a bit longer! Will be interested to learn more. Reply B. Jefferson Le Blanc  2017-01-24 14:36 I suspect it's a power issue of some kind. I had plenty of those with my 2013 27" iMac when I first got it. And it still happens from time to time. The Thunderbolt cables fall out easily if I move the iMac even slightly; accidental drive disconnects often freeze the computer. It seems likely that the LG monitor is not well tuned for Mac laptops and/or that Macs are not well tuned for the LG monitors, electronically speaking. An old-fashioned solution in this situation is to reset the System Management Controller (SMC). Directions for doing so for most Macs can be found here: https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201295. This may not prevent the problem from occurring again, but it will clear up any residual power issues after it happens. Reply Mike  2017-01-24 21:04 Maybe they are just going to present some alternate facts about the monitors. Reply  Search   Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2017 Josh Centers TidBITS is copyright © 2017 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > No, Apple Isn't Working on a Vape Friday January 27, 2017 9:41 AM PST by Joe Rossignol The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office on Thursday published an Apple patent application for a "sublimator/vaporizer" invention, leading to sensational headlines suggesting Apple might release a vape or enter the vaping industry. In actuality—and this could go without saying—the invention is completely unrelated. The patent instead relates to a semiconductor device fabrication process Apple uses to create chips for its devices. The application describes a canister that can be used to vaporize or sublimate a substance, which in Apple's case would be for delivering substances to a substrate during the deposition or etching process. The patent's assigned inventor Tetsuya Ishikawa, a senior manager at Apple in the nanotechnology field, lists photolithography as one of his skills on his LinkedIn profile. He also holds several other patents related to semiconductor fabrication. So, in the end, it is pretty safe to say, no, Apple is not working on a vape. Tag: patent 32 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) vertical smile 15 hours ago at 10:22 am Soon - Apple Vibrator. Apple Vape, Apple Vib, and now this to go with your new AirPods... Rating: 9 Votes mobilehaathi 15 hours ago at 09:54 am Some people will believe anything. :rolleyes: Rating: 4 Votes Freida 15 hours ago at 10:07 am Apple will not support smokers and their addiction! Seriously, how can someone even think they would build such a product. Crazy! Rating: 4 Votes ZacNicholson 15 hours ago at 09:46 am All the neckbeards I know don't even like apple. So this would have failed even if they did try and make one. [MEDIA=youtube]Dkm8Hteeh6M[/MEDIA] Rating: 2 Votes PieTunes 15 hours ago at 10:32 am I would kill to hear Jony Ive do one of his voice overs for this thing. Rating: 2 Votes MaulRx 12 hours ago at 01:07 pm I never thought they could make smoking look more stupid. Then vaping came.... Rating: 2 Votes i think G4 imac 15 hours ago at 10:27 am Sorry doesn't matter, I only read headlines and have already formed an unchanging belief that Apple is creating a vape pen, and have sold my stock accordingly. Rating: 1 Votes PBG4 Dude 4 hours ago at 09:05 pm This vape was going to be released with OS X Weed, but Apple went with El Capitan instead. Rating: 1 Votes vertical smile 15 hours ago at 10:09 am I wonder how many people actually thought Apple was doing this..... We get it, you vape. This reminds me of one of the many memes.... Rating: 1 Votes CarlJ 13 hours ago at 11:54 am Soon - Apple Vibrator.You're about a decade and a half late to the party...[MEDIA=youtube]jXHc69KW598[/MEDIA] Rating: 1 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPad Pro Early 2017? New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. MacBook Q2 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected in second quarter 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 Front Page Stories Apple CEO Tim Cook Talks Tech and Economy With Utah Senator Orrin Hatch 9 hours ago on Front Page Apple CEO Tim Cook met with senator Orrin Hatch (R-Utah) on Friday afternoon to discuss topics like technology and economy, reports BuzzFeed. Hatch, who is a member of the Judiciary Committee... 53 comments Apple and Amazon Adopt Opposing Strategies as Smart Home War Heats Up 15 hours ago on Front Page Apple has been in the smart home market for over two years, having introduced its HomeKit framework in the fall of 2014 alongside iOS 8, but HomeKit has been slow to get off the ground because of the... 172 comments Microsoft Says Windows PC Makers Seeing 'Continued Growth' in Premium Market Led by Apple 18 hours ago on Front Page Microsoft on Thursday reported a 5% increase in revenue from licensing Windows to PC makers as part of its latest quarterly earnings results. In a subsequent conference call, Microsoft's... 281 comments Seven Years Ago Today: Steve Jobs Introduces the iPad 19 hours ago on Front Page After teasing fans to "come see our latest creation" in the weeks leading up to one of its famous media events, seven years ago today former Apple CEO Steve Jobs unveiled the first-generation... 171 comments Apple Releases First macOS Sierra 10.12.4 Public Beta With New Night Shift Mode 2 days ago on Front Page Apple today seeded the first beta of an upcoming macOS Sierra 10.12.4 update to public beta testers for testing purposes, two days after seeding the first 10.12.4 beta to developers and three days... 115 comments Apple Releases First iOS 10.3 Public Beta With Find My AirPods Feature 2 days ago on Front Page Apple today seeded the first beta of an upcoming iOS 10.3 update to public beta testers for testing purposes, more than a month after releasing iOS 10.2 and two days after providing the iOS 10.3 beta... 68 comments Apple Set to Join Microsoft, Google, and Facebook in AI Research Group 2 days ago on Front Page Apple will take a significant step toward disclosing more of its artificial intelligence research this week by becoming a member of a non-profit AI research consortium founded by five of the tech... 70 comments Hands-On With iOS 10.3's New 'Find My AirPods' Feature 3 days ago on Front Page iOS 10.3 introduces a new "Find My AirPods" feature, giving AirPods owners a way to keep track of the tiny wire-free earphones Apple started selling back in December. Because iOS 10.3 is... 89 comments • Huawei Closing in on Apple, Aims to Become World's Largest Smartphone Maker Within Four Years (240) • Apple's LG 5K Display Store Listing Now Accepting Reviews (87) • Apple Resellers and Service Providers Speak Out Following Simply Mac Closures (134) • New Mac App Subscription Service 'Setapp' Offers 60 Mac Apps for $9.99 Per Month (155) • Hands-On With the New Night Shift Mode in macOS Sierra 10.12.4 (130) • What's New in iOS 10.3: Find My AirPods, APFS File System, New Apple ID Setting and More (127) • 'Theater Mode' Coming to Apple Watch (116)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade What Even Is a Spinki? - The TouchArcade Show #292 TouchArcade Needs Your Help - Tell Your Friends and Support Our Patreon TouchArcade Game of the Week: 'Splitter Critters' Two New 'Fire Emblem Heroes' Videos Give Us a Lengthy Look at the Heroes and Heroines in the Game 'Kingdom: New Lands' iOS and Android Versions Mysteriously Delayed PAX South 2017: 'MetaArcade' Wants You to Create Your Own Gamebook Adventures AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Apple’s Siri chief joins Partnership on AI board – Computerworld Posted on January 27, 2017 by Computerworld Following speculation of its plans yesterday, Apple this morning has confirmed it has joined the Partnership on A.I., with the company’s head of advanced development of Siri, Tom Gruber, taking a seat on that organization’s board. Apple officially named as founding member of Partnership for AI, Siri founder named to boardAppleInsider (press release) (blog) Apple joins research group for ethical AI with fellow tech giantsThe Verge Apple joins Amazon, Facebook, Google, IBM and Microsoft in AI initiativeTechCrunch Mac Rumors -Business Insider -CNET -VentureBeat all 39 news articles …read more wrote 25641 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News Snapchat will file for IPO next week – VentureBeat FBI request for Twitter account data may have overstepped legal guidelines – Reuters Trump’s unsecure Android phone highlights common security dilemma – CIO Snapchat to Reveal Financials Within a Week – Fortune Snapchat to reveal financials within a week: sources – Reuters Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Apple joins group devoted to keeping AI nice By Afp Published: 12:37 EST, 27 January 2017 | Updated: 12:37 EST, 27 January 2017 e-mail A technology industry alliance devoted to making sure smart machines don't turn against humanity said Friday that Apple has signed on and will have a seat on the board. Microsoft, Amazon, Google, Facebook, IBM, and Google-owned British AI firm DeepMind last year established the non-profit organization, called "Partnership on AI," which will have its inaugural board meeting in San Francisco on February 3. Apple "has been involved and collaborating with the partnership since before it was first announced and is thrilled to formalize its membership," the alliance said in an online post. Apple is the latest tech giant to join the non-profit "Partnership on AI," which will have its inaugural board meeting in San Francisco on February 3 ©Eric Thayer (GETTY/AFP/File) Major technology firms joined forces in the group, with stated aims including cooperation on "best practices" for AI and using the technology "to benefit people and society." Creation of the group came amid concerns that new artificial intelligence efforts could spin out of control and end up being detrimental to society. The companies "will conduct research, recommend best practices, and publish research under an open license in areas such as ethics, fairness, and inclusivity; transparency, privacy, and interoperability; collaboration between people and AI systems; and the trustworthiness, reliability, and robustness of the technology," according to a statement. Internet giants have been investing heavily in creating software to help machines think more like people, ideally acting as virtual assistants who get to know users and perhaps even anticipate needs. SpaceX founder and Tesla chief executive Elon Musk in 2015 took part in creating nonprofit research company OpenAI devoted to developing artificial intelligence that will help people and not hurt them. Musk found himself in the middle of a technology world controversy by holding firm that AI could turn on humanity and be its ruin instead of a salvation. A concern expressed by Musk was that highly advanced artificial intelligence would be left to its own devices, or in the hands of a few people, to the detriment of civilization as a whole. People joining tech company executives on the Partnership board included Dario Amodei of Open AI along with members of the American Civil Liberties Union; the MacArthur Foundation, and the University of California, Berkeley. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hollywood legend John Hurt dead: Two-time Oscar nominee and Elephant Man actor passes away aged 77 after battling cancer and suffering intestinal complaint Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy jumper as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumours PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy 'They're getting nasty': Speidi slam Jedward for 'mean' behaviour as they get evicted from Celebrity Big Brother The former Hills stars have got the boot Bombshell in black and white! Emily Ratajkowski shows off her cleavage in strapless gown for Harper's Bazaar celebration Va va voom! Kendall Jenner sizzles in sheer black gown with thigh-high slit as she leads the stars at Harper's Bazaar event Looking gorgeous Leggy blonde! Kate Upton flaunts her endless lean limbs in lace mini skirt at star-studded Harper's Bazaar gala 'I'm still in shock': Drew Barrymore confesses she's 'not ready' to begin dating...five months after officially divorcing Will Kopelman Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity. Mischa Barton says she was drugged while having birthday drinks before meltdown that left her 'screaming about the end of the world, Ziggy Stardust and her mom being a witch' Bombshell in Balmain! Alessandra Ambrosio smoulders at Harper's Bazaar bash at Sunset Tower Hotel She's joined 'The Supers' One of the 'best dressed women in the world': Miranda Kerr stuns on the red carpet of Harper's Bazaar 150 Most Fashionable Women event in LA Three's a crowd! Charlotte Dawson rocks risqué mini dress as she enjoys date night with beau Matt Sarsfield... and her mother Tracey Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Shows a brave face Wing woman! Nicole Richie wows with black off-the-shoulder dress and wild flared lashes at Harper's Bazaar event in Los Angeles A vision in velvet! Pregnant Ciara shows off her growing baby bump in an off-the-shoulder black gown for Harper's Bazaar event Bump on display Nothing to hide! Paris Jackson showcases nipple-piercings as she goes braless in Los Angeles Laid back look Demi Moore and daughters Tallulah and Scout Willis make for a trio of fashionistas at Harper's Bazaar event Triple fun Fabulous in her fifties! Salma Hayek stuns in intricate patterned number at Harper's Bazaar celebration in LA Indian style Gal pals Kristen Stewart and Chloe Grace Moretz spend THIRD day in a row together at gym in LA Gruelling workout She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session She's got the Midas touch! Rita Ora takes the plunge in super low-cut top for night out in LA Turned some heads DJ Khaled, John Legend, and Luke Bryan announced as new advisors on The Voice alongside Celine Dion Helping prospects to the top  All that glitters! Julianne Hough bares cleavage in sparkling Zuhair Murad outfit at Harper's BAZAAR 150 Most Fashionable Women event Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall rocks a baggy T-shirt and thigh-high boots as she hits the town for girls' night out Gal pals Casey Batchelor flaunts her eye-popping assets in plunging blue shirt and skinny jeans as she steps out for dinner in London Sizzling in stripes! Chanel Iman looks ravishing in business chic at Harper's Bazaar party Professional chic Sheer delight! Ireland Baldwin takes the plunge in a see-through low-cut black gown at Harper's Bazaar bash Plunging Anne Hathaway is movie star chic in all black ensemble with dark shades and bold red lip as she steps out in NYC Ever the A-lister Welcome to Pippa's wedding of the year: A marquee for 350 in mum and dad's back garden. A Caribbean honeymoon BEFORE the big day. And a spectacularly naughty best man 'I bet they won't be able to say these things to his face': Katie Price challenges troll who branded disabled son Harvey, 14, a 'c***'... and will take the case to Parliament Is there a CBB baby on the way? Newly evicted Speidi reported to have 'requested a pregnancy test on the show' Housemate 'believed' they are expecting Bra-vo! Heidi Klum puts on an eye-popping display as she ditches a blouse and opts for a plunging blazer at Harper's Bazaar gala Left little to imagination Quirk it! Melissa George, 40, flaunts shapely pins in bold silver mini dress complete with hot-pink sleeves as she attends awards gala in Paris 'One happy Mumma!' Laura Csortan, 40, treats herself to a luxury spa day as her mother looks after newborn baby Layla Rose Bumping beauty! Pregnant Lake Bell turns up with husband Scott Campbell to Harper's Bazaar party in LA Hilary Duff goes effortlessly chic in double-breasted black pantsuit set at star-studded Harper's Bazaar gala No time for jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio hits the gym in Victoria's Secret gym gear... just a day after flying from Paris to LA 'Can't wait for Bali': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts pert derrière and MAJOR sideboob as she stands provocatively under a shower 'Summer Is Coming': Kelly Rohrbach sizzles and Priyanka Chopra chills in steamy 'moving posters' for upcoming Baywatch film 'What a journey': Michelle Keegan shares glamorous selfies from Tina and Bobby set on Instagram... as the final episode is praised by fans 'He's got depth': Jessica Cunningham gushes about 'charming' Calum Best after they share a sweet smooch before she is evicted from CBB Red alert! Victoria Justice and Elle Fanning stand out in scarlet at the Harper's Bazaar celebration The 'Oh yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer filthy rich - but he has never even SEEN the movie Made $175million Fresh face: Reese Witherspoon looks radiant after treating herself to retail therapy at skin care store SPOILER ALERT! Wannabe Tanya Lacey attempts to wow the judges with a performance of a Whitney Houston song on The Voice 'It stems from insecurities in her own marriage': Danielle Lloyd takes ANOTHER swipe at Nicola McLean as she calls her behaviour in the CBB house 'really sad' 'I was never cool but I'm having the last laugh': Donny Osmond tells how he resisted drugs, booze and the temptations of Sin City - but not Botox and hair dye Bad hair day! Paula Patton has trouble with her locks after bombshell allegations about Robin Thicke having an affair as she fights for sole custody  CBB's James Jordan takes aims at Bianca Gascoigne and Jamie O'Hara's 'showmance' on Twitter while Jessica Cunningham remains tight-lipped  A hat trick of stars! Alyssa Milano, Jon Hamm and Michael J. Fox shine at NHL 100 Gala Game night She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session Oh Balls! Former MP Ed gets kicked in the FACE onstage by partner Katya Jones during Strictly tour performance in Sheffield Cool customer! EJ Johnson rocks hot pink varsity jacket and Daisy Dukes for spot of shopping  Whole new level Paula Patton and Robin Thicke's girlfriend April Love Geary meet in a Malibu parking lot where the pair appear to communicate through a mediator amid custody battle Are roo thirsty? Wine-drinking kangaroo stars alongside bikini-clad model Ellie Gonsalves in $5MILLION Super Bowl ad for Australian wine Their love is fantastic! Newly-engaged Kate Mara and Jamie Bell beam while hand-in-hand on outing in LA Happy couple SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Age-defying Elizabeth Hurley poses for favourite photographer, son Damian, 14, in a £152 blue crystal bikini 'Isn't it the most beautiful thing you've ever seen': Shirtless Jason Dundas hits the Bronte Beach rockpool after flying in from L.A. for David Jones show 'I was breastfeeding in the interviews': Teresa Palmer praises film industry for being 'so accommodating' as she returns to work just weeks after giving birth  Turning the tables! Sofia Richie rocks pink jacket as she practises photography skills while out and about in LA Took a turn at the other end of the camera  Fragile Megan McKenna lashes out at trolls on Twitter after sharing sultry snaps... following her very public NTAs row with TOWIE beau Pete Wicks It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Buxom Pamela Anderson,49, rolls back the years as she shows off her famous cleavage in plunging party dress at Paris bash 'It gets so much worse': RHOA's Kandi Burruss hits back at co-star Porsha Williams over threesome and lesbian rumours  Pretty in pattern! Jordana Brewster cuts a stylish figure in a navy and white dress for shopping outing with her son Rowan in Beverly Hills 'Drinking a lot of beer and eating a lot of cheeseburgers': Matthew McConaughey talks weight gain for new role as he transforms his body AGAIN  Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Great sense of humour Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling have secretly wed Leggy blonde! Courtney Stodden steps out in platform heels and barely there shorts for lunch in Beverly Hills Australia Day USA! Hunky Australian chef Curtis Stone drops by Hollywood Today Live to promote American series of My Kitchen Rules David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite EXCLUSIVE: 'Even before the show went to air I've been seeing someone': The Bachelorette's Sam Johnston CONFIRMS new romance... You look a bit of a plonker in that, Rodders! Rock star Stewart's new look is a little more Del Boy chic, as the French say, than millionaire crooner 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour Posed for a black-and-white mirror selfie Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym Spotted after a strenuous work out in Beverly Hills Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  TOWIE's Kate Wright confirms she is not jetting to Tenerife to film start of the new series... amid rumours of her romance with footballer Rio Ferdinand She's beautiful she even gets prisoners freed from Death Row - and she's engaged! She's the trainee lawyer played by Harry's girl Meghan Markle in Suits Paula Patton claims she found husband Robin Thicke naked in bed with two women, details how he abused her and says he even invited his DRUG DEALER to their son's birthday Revealed: Alan Thicke picked brother over son Robin to care for then-minor son Carter in 2007  Canadian entertainer died last month Former X Factor finalist Lucie Jones breaks down in tears of joy as she's picked to represent the United Kingdom at Eurovision 2017 PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Sometimes playing games is good for a new relationship The couple that works together: Alanis Morissette and husband Mario 'Souleye' Treadway team up for wintry Snow Angel music video Todd Fisher announces joint public memorial service for sister Carrie and mother Debbie Reynolds Fit for a king (or queen)! Pregnant Cheryl and Liam Payne get baby delivery from the Royal Family's favourite pram company Baby's coming soon... PICTURED: Distraught Megan McKenna leaves the NTAs in floods of tears after explosive row with TOWIE boyfriend Pete Wicks Floods of tears Bianca Gascoigne's boyfriend CJ Meeks is left heartbroken as he reads about his love's steamy CBB antics with Jamie O'Hara on MailOnline Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram Looking hotter than ever in a sultry swimsuit. Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat Not easy getting red carpet ready  'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear Vented her frustrations during a Snapchat video Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Ant & Dec are joined by supportive wives Lisa Armstrong and Ali Astall as they receive their OBEs for services to television at Buckingham Palace Bianca Gascoigne sets pulses racing as she flaunts her eye-popping cleavage and sensational curves in skimpy swimwear for calendar shoot Made In Chelsea's Binky Felstead hides her growing baby bump in saucy thigh-grazing camouflage T-shirt from her collection, exhibiting her slender legs 'Her links with Sue made it easy': Anna Richardson 'turned down role on Great British Bake Off over show favourite and girlfriend Perkins' SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Steve McDonald races to the registry office as Leanne Battersby fills in their baby's birth certificate... but will he be listed as the father? 'Not long to go now little angel': Rachael Finch cradles bare baby bump and reveals two boys names have been chosen as due date nears SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: I plotted to behead Duke of Manchester, says Australian model ex-wife in extraordinary disclosure  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Make-up free Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes dog Hatchi for a walk... amid rumours of a split with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organised pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including Kettle Chips and popcorn) 39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy Due to deliver her second child in weeks  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back 'He's a pathological liar!' Richard Keys' wife blasts the ex-Sky pundit as he renews his affair with their daughter's 27-year-old lawyer friend with trysts at five-star hotel  REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine 'G'day from the Philippines!' Miss Universe hopeful Caris Tiivel flashes a hint of thigh in skimpy lace nightgown as she prepares for beauty pageant 'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on more than THREE STONE for new film Gold Aloha! Mother-of-one Amber Rose showcases her eye-popping curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn Gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny to a  Real Housewife  Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Show focused on fight with cancer. Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in 'smelly' defamation case Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project Can You Ever Forgive Me? in New York City This funny lady is back Somebody Alp me! Josie Gibson takes ANOTHER tumble on the ski slopes as she continues to train for injury-ridden series The Jump Sex J-Education: CBB's Jedward shock housemates by talking about having sex on the kitchen table and teach Jamie O'Hara how to put a condom on a banana 'I didn't show him my picture for FIVE months': Ex EastEnders star Cheryl Fergison, 51, reveals she hid her identity from now husband Yassine, 30 Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school pupils on Malawi charity trip Visit follows reports Madonna is to adopt in the country Carrie on Homeland: Claire Danes on why the show is good for her marriage and how her neighbourhood book club keeps her sane Life's just peachy! Rebecca Ferguson is the picture of elegance in pastel dress and coat as she promotes her new album in Liverpool Showing Aaron what he's missing! Lauren Pope flaunts her fabulous figure in black lingerie... after split from Geordie Shore star A sultry selfie  'I chose velvet knickerbockers over a suit!' David Beckham discusses his flamboyant fashion history in Desert Island Discs special In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips NAKED to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap Shared a raunchy photo of herself in bed Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander The Affair star has signed on to film He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 The black rubber bat suit stands at 6'5" tall 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photograph of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing Sore knees 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set 'A day with him and I get so tired my eyes start to itch!' Chloe Madeley on England rugby player beau James Haskell 'pushing himself too hard' 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik At her sexiest 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility The name's Ratajkowski... Lisa Ratajkowski! Big Brother star Appleton emulates DKNY model Emily as she walks her dog in bra and knickers 'You never really leave': Sherlock's Amanda Abbington hints return to the show opposite ex Martin Freeman is possible... despite being killed off Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Shove it in your mouth!' Jamie O'Hara thrusts a cream-filled scone into Bianca Gascoigne's face as they clash in latest CBB challenge 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Tamara Ecclestone displays her long legs in thigh-high boots and chic dress as she goes hand-in-hand with daughter Sophia Mummy-daughter day PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Is this the new line-up for C4's Great British Bake Off? Michel Roux Jr joins Paul Hollywood and even a Mary Berry lookalike at 'screen test' It's Ant OR Dec! Cheeky television presenters swap places for the first time during photo opportunity after being awarded OBEs This feels weird Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 Sexy Instagram snap  Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for MULTIPLE makeout sessions during three-hour dinner date The Muse! Sharon Stone, 58, relaxes in her bikini as she paints watercolours in the pool while on 'retreat' She's inspired many over the year, too 'She made me re-evaluate how I see life': Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after a busy school run in Los Angeles 'We're NOT engaged': GBBO winner Candice Brown denies her convicted drug dealer boyfriend has proposed but says they will definitely marry There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl despite being yet to confirm she is expecting her second child 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears It's a flashback of two iconic beauties!  Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute 'Slow down, you're drunk': CBB's Nicola McLean scolds Bianca Gascoigne after she puts on a very steamy display with Jamie O'Hara  Kelly Brook flashes her ample cleavage in colourful plunging leotard as she poses for busty calendar shot She commanded attention Lady Victoria Hervey puts on an eye-popping display as she attends pyjama party TOPLESS... covering her modesty in nothing but a pair of nipple tassels That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX Actor battles with baldness on Thursday Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice 'There's nobody like Celine. Everybody's going to be so mad ... that I got you.' Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London 'Backyard bum shots': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts her pert derrière as former Big Brother star poses beside busty brunette friend A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches 'nursing an ankle injury' on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good.  Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Something for all the family Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Remarkably relaxed  'I know what it feels like to be vulnerable': Charlie Webster reflects on her harrowing sexual abuse ordeal as she visits women's refuge for domestic violence  Bikini-clad Danielle Lloyd shows off her curves as she puts her troubles behind her in Dubai... after publicly slamming ex-husband Jamie O'Hara City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  What I go to school for First ladies first? Trump didn't wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to meet the Obama's... unlike Barack, George and Bill 'She's giving me a headache': Kelly Brook is slammed on Twitter for being too 'loud and hyper' following fashion segment on Lorraine  Didn't go down well Chloe Ferry bounces back from CBB eviction as she hits the town with Geordie Shore gal pals Charlotte Crosby and Sophie Kasaei Back on the toon Goodman gracious three! Ex On The Beach star Chloe oozes sex appeal in plunging red dress as she hits the town with sisters Lauryn and Amelia Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of $300 fine for dangerous cliff diving After making headlines for a cliff dive  Rafa's secret weapon! The childhood sweetheart who almost NEVER goes on tour whose support has helped send Nadal to Australian Open Have Perrie Edwards and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain split already? Little Mix star DELETES her only Instagram snap of the footballer 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  Time to go Making a splash! Selfie queen Karen Danczuk flaunts her curves in a VERY low cut swimsuit on Spain's Costa Blanca  Former Labour councillor 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She's a TV veteran Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbours found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  EXCLUSIVE 'I attract toyboys!' Wild Lisa Appleton says she wants to bag a younger man during lively appearance on Lizzie Cundy's radio show Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Aussie triple threat hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Lily Collins rocks casual workout gear as she gets her morning caffeine fix... after revealing she battled an eating disorder as a teen Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub The actress is still smiling Game, set and perfect match! Rafael Nadal shares a cuddle and passionate kiss with girlfriend Xisca Perello at Melbourne hotel before the tennis Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Wrapping up warm He's got t-issues! Richard Madeley struggles to blow his own nose as he nurses a bandaged arm after shattering his elbow It's a rough time Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco It's them or me! Amir Khan's 'paranoid' wife gives boxer a family ultimatum because she can't get over 'Michael Jackson' jibe and fears MORE sex tapes Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-coloured bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch '21 feels amazing!' AFL WAG Rebecca Judd thanks fans for the 'bday love' as she is gifted with large bouquet of flowers... before bonding with twins Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster Ex TOWIE star Danielle Armstrong parties with Kate Wright's new love interest Rio Ferdinand as former footballer reopens his Manchester restaurant Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  Larry Lamb channels notorious thief Brian Reader in dramatic new trailer for The Hatton Garden Job... based on real-life jewellery heist by ageing gang 'We need a DNA test...' Pregnant Rochelle Humes claims Chris Kamara could be the father of her unborn baby during playful interview  'Of course we're getting married!' GBBO winner Candice Brown's convicted drug dealer boyfriend CONFIRMS wedding plans Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child and ex-wife Paula Patton' Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Eamonn Holmes, Davina McCall and Kirstie Allsopp rally behind Gary Lineker who said homework should be BANNED (and calling for a boycott day) Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Sure to give a view of the area to her fans 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leave for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Doting mom  She's usually flawless! Kris Jenner appeared windswept as hair sticks straight up while boarding private jet to Costa Rica Here comes mama Liza Minnelli digs up mother Judy Garland's remains and has them moved 3,000 miles from New York to Hollywood celebrity cemetery, 48 years after her death  'He's my escape from it all!' Faye Brookes credits boyfriend Gareth Gates following NTA win... as she admits there's extra pressure due to their schedules Playing without the boys! Josephine Skriver shows off her beach volleyball skills as Victoria's Secret models shoot sexy sporty set in Santa Monica 'She can't control her eye': Nicola McLean 'may need emergency corrective surgery after leaving Big Brother house' as new medical woes are revealed  Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  Seem to be serious 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculate pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including popcorn and pasta) 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  'What I should've said': Ayda Field shares funny NTAs debrief video with husband Robbie Williams... after her awkward presenting moment fell flat Out and a pout! Katie Price displays alarmingly fuller lips just one day after demure NTAs appearance... before she's slapped with a parking ticket  Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  From Page 3 girl to grown-up glamour: How Kelly Brook's astonishing wardrobe transformation has earned her an unlikely gig as a fashion editor Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke ABC thriller called Somewhere Between 'We're completely in love!' Delighted Alex Jones, 39, reveals she's given birth to a baby boy as she announces the news live on The One Show 'They look like great tits!' Kate Garraway has to apologise to viewers after Ben Shephard gets naughty talking about 'chasing birds' on Good Morning Britain Glum Megan McKenna appears downcast during solo outing... just hours after 'she was left hysterical amid furious row with beau Pete Wicks at NTAs' Whitney survives the Walford bus crash and soon feels well enough to snog her father-in-law Mick (Danny Dyer) in EastEnders, by Jim Shelley  Kim Kardashian starts new trend as she shows off PIERCED nails (but it's only for the truly pampered) Not for everyone  'I can do whatever the fig I like!' Nadia Sawalha defends her actions after she was caught on camera swearing about Loose Women losing at NTAs to This Morning 'We went for it!': EastEnders' Emma Barton reveals soap's cast did lift a REAL double decker bus while filming controversial crash scene 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  Ben Price QUITS Coronation Street to spend more time with his family after seven years playing Nick Tilsley Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Janet Jackson spotted out for first time since welcoming son Eissa just weeks ago as she shops at baby boutique in London A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Is that you, Charlene? Kylie Minogue provides a throwback to Neighbours in retro overall outfit as she starts work on wedding and a name change Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC Wait for us! Kylie Jenner holds King Cairo's hand as duo sprint to private jet for family trip to Costa Rica Playing stepmum She's a walking advert! Mary Berry totes her new recipe book as she arrives at the Radio 4 studios after taking a swipe at Paul Hollywood  Self-promotion He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a television appearance She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday 'Baby, I'm so proud of you!' Gareth Gates performs an impromptu rap in celebration of girlfriend Faye Brookes' NTA win as they relax in bed together 'Don Draper would be dead': Jon Hamm doesn't think his Mad Men character would be alive today He'd be in his 80s by now Astonishing forgiveness of fallen TV star Rory's wife: She stands by McGrath despite his 14-month harassment of married lover who ended affair 'You talk so much b****cks!': CBB's Nicola McLean unleashes a scathing attack on Jedward as she labels them 'f***ing p***ks' . 'I'm feeling for you': CBB's Jamie O'Hara forgives love-interest Bianca Gascoigne as the pair kiss and make-up... after she lied about being single Ladies who lunch! Cara Santana and Jamie Chung don knit jumpers for meal at WeHo restaurant Have yet to collaborate onscreen Braless Sam Faiers slips into risqué gown to flaunt her perky assets... as she flashes 'PK' phone case in homage to beau Paul Knightley and baby son  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala He will forever be known for his on-screen love  Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live By Night results in $75 million loss for Warner Bros The gangster flick has not made a profit Rod Stewart borrows style tips from Only Fools And Horses as he channels Del Boy in shearling coat and flat cap while touching down in NYC Cheeky Anna Friel lauds Paddy McGuinness' hunky physique... as they transform into Rocky characters for new sketch show Bond babe Olga Kurylenko flashes her BARE BREASTS in raunchy caged jumpsuit as she leads sizzling stars at Paris Fashion Week gala dinner So Fancy! Charli XCX goes green in an ab-flashing cropped tee with matching tracksuit bottoms as she shows off her painting skills during radio appearance In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day  Lottie Moss channels her inner zen at SAME Turkish retreat enjoyed by sister Kate before her infamous easyJet 'basic b***h' meltdown 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body Regained her personality Family business! Bella Hadid and brother Anwar pose up a storm in new Zadig & Voltaire ad campaign Working together for her latest modelling gig 'Practically twins': Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles shares sweet photo collage of super star and lookalike granddaughter Blue Ivy Posted on Instagram All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere Walking the red carpet Dazzling Depp! Lily-Rose, 17, sparkles in a shimmering cropped catsuit as she lends her rising star power to Paris fashion charity bash Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend A stroll through the neighbourhood  Coldplay star Chris Martin shows off his cycling form as he goes for a ride in revealing shorts in Malibu  It is not every day you see Chris on a bike Another day, ANOTHER soiree! Jet-setter Pixie Lott takes the plunge in stunning black gown as she parties in Paris, 24 hours after NTAs 'I'll miss you Mair': Valerie Harper, 77, takes to Twitter and posts emotional tribute to co-star Mary Tyler Moore To remember her beloved late co-star  Mike Connors of Mannix fame dies aged 91 ONE WEEK after being diagnosed with leukemia His son-in-law Mike confirmed the news Pamela Anderson looks chic in a white playsuit with wide-brimmed hat for Paris sightseeing trip... a day after surprise visit to France's refugees Ashley James continues to flaunt her newly-slimmed down frame as she slips into a tight plunging yellow dress for night out on the town 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Apple CEO Tim Cook was spotted eating dinner with Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump Kif Leswing Jan. 27, 2017, 11:44 AM 19,236 facebook linkedin twitter email print From left: Lisa Jackson, Tim Cook, Ivanka Trump, and Jared Kushner. AP/Composite Apple CEO Tim Cook was spotted on Thursday having a Washington, DC-style power dinner with Ivanka Trump and her husband, Jared Kushner, a senior adviser to President Donald Trump. Cook was joined by Apple's head of policy and environment, Lisa Jackson, Politico reported. Jackson was the Environmental Protection Agency's administrator under Barack Obama. The four were spotted eating at Tosca, a high-end Italian restaurant a few blocks from the White House, according to Politico. The dinner suggests that Apple's political outreach, previously focused on the Democratic Party, has shifted in the early days of the Trump administration. Jackson is on the board of the Clinton Foundation and has communicated with Hillary Clinton's campaign chairman, John Podesta, according to Podesta's stolen emails published by WikiLeaks. Jackson also helped put together and attended Cook's fundraiser for Clinton in August, seats at which were at least $2,700. pic.twitter.com/hrCAaTz96Y — Joshua Cohen (@jcohen570) August 25, 2016 Cook has spoken with Trump at least twice — first in a congratulatory call shortly after Trump was elected, and more recently at Trump Tower along with several other tech leaders. Apple did not immediately return a request for more information about what the four talked about. Were you at Tosca on Thursday? If you have a photo of the four dining together or more details about the dinner, email kleswing@businessinsider.com. SEE ALSO: The untold story of Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner's quest to become a media mogul More: Apple Tim Cook Jared Kushner Ivanka Trump Donald Trump President Trump Trump administration facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Apple CEO Tim Cook was spotted eating dinner with Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump Apple CEO Tim Cook was spotted eating dinner with Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump Apple CEO Tim Cook was spotted on Thursday... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Hockey great 'King Henrik' Lundqvist on growing up in a tiny Swedish town and his dad's advice to 'dream big' Read Lundqvist's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Skip to main content area Social media links Find us on Facebook Connect with us on Twitter Sections Home News Reviews Rumours VS Bests User Guides Deals Wearable Tech Apps Newsletter Search Search Secondary menu IPHONE 7 NOTE 7 ONEPLUS 3T Android N iOS 10 IPHONE 6S Nexus 5X Galaxy S7 Nokia C1 Sections You are here: Home » Mobile Phones » Google Pixel XL » Google Pixel XL Review: The Best Android Phone Right Now Google Pixel XL Review: The Best Android Phone Right Now Reviews Richard Goodwin 14:01, 27 Jan 2017 Google’s back with a new phone. It’s called the Pixel – the Pixel XL, in this context – and it is utterly amazing Rating:  5 Typical Price:  £719.00 Pros:  Excellent Camera; Insane Battery Performance; Brilliant Software; Great Call Quality; Zero Lag; No Bloatware; Google Assistant ROCKS Cons:  The Price; The Design Is A Tad Dull Verdict:  The software is amazing. The camera is stunning. The battery life is beyond belief. You get free storage for ALL your pictures and videos. Google offers 24/7 round the clock support, meaning any issues can be resolved right away, and Google Assistant is the smartest Personal Assistant available inside a phone right now. If you love Android, buy this phone. If you want market-leading battery performance and a brilliant camera, buy this phone. Nothing else compares. I used to be a Nexus purist. Not anymore. Now I am a Pixel purist. facebook twitter google+ While a decent chunk of the Nexus line, Google's Old Guard, is being supported in terms of software updates, officially the Nexus brand is no more. It's been replaced, by the new Pixel brand formed by the two new Pixel and Pixel XL handsets co-developed with HTC. So what's the story here? Well essentially it's business as usual; like the Nexus series, the Pixel and Pixel XL have been designed and put together by HTC but under the close and watchful eye of Google. As before, it's intended as a showcase of the latest version of Android (Nougat) and its capabilities - raw, pure, and unadulterated as Google intended it, with no glossy overlays or anything of that sort. It's also supposed to be a perfect, optimised union of software and hardware running as efficiently as possible, sort of like Google's equivalent to Apple's iPhone; carefully controlled and precision engineered. However, this is arguably where the Pixel starts to outpace the old Nexus line-up. Where the Nexus series was largely a favourite of smartphone afficionados and techy types who love to tinker, side-load, develop their own software, and generally futz around with their own little bespoke tech universe, the Pixel is intended, again like the iPhone, to have mass consumer appeal. It's a bit tidier, a bit sexier, and a bit more polished. Part of this is in going furter with the bespoke features that ONLY Pixel handsets will feature, things like a very advanced implementation of the Google Assistant AI. Other phones may make use of Google Assistant, but none will be so closely merged into the Android experience as on the Pixel. Google has confirmed that, like the Nexus series, the new Pixel phones will be officially supported with the latest Android software updates for two years after launch, with three years of support for security patches. On Google's "Check & update your Android version" page, the company details that Android support will last for the current gen of Pixel phones until October 2018. "Pixel phones get Android version updates for at least 2 years from when the device became available on the Google Store. After 2 years, we can't guarantee additional updates." So, does the Google Pixel XL do enough to earn its place at the head of the table? Google Pixel XL Review: Design A lot has been said about the design of the Pixel phones. Most of it not good. The visuals are pretty pedestrian. There’s nothing too eye-catching or impressive about either handset. The only real point of interest is the two-tone paneling work on the back of the device. Beyond this it just looks like a phone. Not a bad-looking phone, but nothing particularly exciting either. But this isn’t what the Pixel XL is about. Well, that’s my opinion, anyway. I think this phone about Android and nothing else. Everything on the front, save for the annoyingly large bezels, is designed to simply get out of the way and let you get stuck into Android’s guts and features. I’m not a huge fan of the design, basically, but then again I don’t like the way the PS4 looks but that hasn’t exactly stopped me from using it. google-pixel-vs-iphone-7 The Pixel XL is fairly large at 75.7 x 154.7 mm. It felt even larger to me as I came into this review from an iPhone SE. Still, I’m pretty used to using phablets as they have been my phone of choice for years, so it didn’t take long to re-adjust. I like that Google put the fingerprint scanner on the back again and I also like that it didn't get rid of the headphone jack. Beyond this the rest of the phone is pretty much as it looks in pictures: big, shiny and not all that interesting. The two Pixel phones are more or less identical with respect to core specs as well. The smaller Pixel has a 1080p display, a smaller battery but same internal specs and hardware and, importantly, the same camera and imaging capabilities. I like this aspect of Google’s Pixel campaign; Apple’s iPhones are too different these days and the reason for this is very simple: Apple wants you to buy the more expensive model, which, for all intents and purposes, is the vastly superior model as well. Rather than take this approach, Google has opted to keep things simple: at its core the choice between the two Pixel phones depends on your preference on size. After this, other considerations include battery performance; the XL model’s battery performance is a lot better than the smaller model, for instance. The only real downside to these phones, if you could call it a downside, is their all too pedestrian styling. They’re not eye-catching phones, nor do they look like expensive phones either. They're smart enough, don’t get me wrong, it just doesn't have the majesty of Samsung's Galaxy S7 EDGE or the uniqueness of the Nexus 6P. It still functions perfectly in the hand and it still feels premium. It’s just not particularly eye-catching, though, for me, this isn’t exactly a deal breaker. I’m more concerned with the software, cameras, and performance. Google Pixel XL Review: What About The Google Pixel? Is there any difference between Google’s new handsets, save for the size of the actual phone? No – none whatsoever. The Pixel is exactly the same handset with exactly the same internal spec, save for batteries – the Pixel XL’s is larger. The only REAL difference you will notice is the display size and resolution; the smaller Pixel handset has a 5in AMOLED panel with a 1080p resolution. Full HD might sound disappointing to some, but it’s worth remembering that equates to a pixel density of 441 ppi. The Pixel XL has great battery life, but the smaller Pixel, thanks to its less-power-hungry display, is even better. Light users could potentially get two day’s worth of use from a single charge. Last time I checked, that was considered very impressive and it trumps just about everything else on market in this regard, proving once again that having full control over software and hardware, as Google does with these phones, yields very impressive performance results, indeed. Like the Pixel XL, there is no MicroSD support on the smaller Pixel handset. Ditto OIS in the camera. For the price, Google should have included OIS and also made the handset water-proof. The latter aspect is by far one of the Pixel range’s biggest goofs. I mean even Apple’s iPhones are now water proof! The company has taken a lot of flack for this aspect too, though, speaking personally, I don’t actually view either as a deal-breaker. Sure, OIS in water-proofing would have been a nice inclusion on a handset this expensive, but the omission doesn’t really detract from the overall performance of these phones in a day to day setting. Also: I think most of us are now conditioned, through years and years of phone use, not to drop out handsets in bodies of water. I know I am. Google Pixel XL Review: Display The Pixel XL packs in an AMOLED QHD display that is bright, punchy and vivid. Google has not scrimped on anything in this regard and using the Pixel XL, day in, day out, is an absolute pleasure. At 5.5in it is well inside phablet territory like Apple’s iPhone 7 Plus, its nearest rival, and like Apple’s iPhone 7 Plus the handset itself is more than a handful. Apple’s iPhone 7 Plus is still only 1080p, however, and this is where the Pixel XL steams ahead because not only is it using screen technology – AMOLED – that Apple will use next year, it has has a higher resolution and this makes looking at anything on it a vastly superior experience, regardless of Apple’s command of the colour gamut aboard its latest handsets. I’m not too fussed about 1080p vs QHD, if I'm 100% honest. I’ve been using the iPhone SE for months now and pretty much enjoyed most of my time with it. QHD is great when you have it, but it is not a necessity – especially if it comes at the expense of battery performance. Normally this is the case. However, Google has managed to remedy this via some sort of black magic, ensuring market-leading battery performance from the Pixel XL. For me, this is a game-changer. Not only do you have a supremely bright and detailed display, but you also have INSANE battery life, the likes of which must be experienced to be believed. Images, webpages, video and text all look amazing on the Pixel XL’s expansive 5.5in panel. Like the Galaxy S7 and LG G5’s display, it is a joy to behold, a joy to use and a marvel when compared to what you get on Apple’s smaller iPhones. Google Pixel XL Review: Specs & Features This is where the Pixel XL REALLY does come into its own. Not only does it run an exclusive, Google-designed version of Android Nougat but it is also the first smartphone on the planet to run Qualcomm’s latest, greatest and VR-enabling Snapdragon 821 CPU. I expected things to be smooth and potent, but nothing prepared me for just how good the Pixel XL would be – it is unlike any Android phone I have ever used. Menus. Scrolling. Apps. Everything is lightning fast. Now, some of this is down to Qualcomm’s Snapdragon 821 CPU and the copious amount of RAM included inside the Pixel XL. But a lot of it is to do with Google’s increased control over the software and hardware. As Apple has proven for years, if you’re in control of everything you can eke out more performance from a handset, a process that is done by ensuring the hardware – CPU, RAM, etc – works seamlessly with the software, Android Nougat. Google knows Android better than anyone else and when you use the Pixel XL the command Google has over its OS becomes all the more clear. Google Pixel and Pixel XL Specs   Pixel Pixel XL Software Android 7.1 Android 7.1 Display 5" FHD AMOLED (1920x1080, 441ppi) Gorilla Glass 4 5.5" QHD AMOLED (2560x1440, 534ppi) Gorilla Glass 4 Processor 2.15GHz Snapdragon 821 (quad-core, 64-bit) Adreno 530 GPU 2.15GHz Snapdragon 821 (quad-core, 64-bit) Adreno 530 GPU RAM 4GB 4GB Camera Rear: 12.3MP (f/2.0, 1.55um), Sony IMX378 Front: 8MP (f/2.4, 1.4um), Sony IMX179 Rear: 12.3MP (f/2.0, 1.55um), Sony IMX378 Front: 8MP (f/2.4, 1.4um), Sony IMX179 Battery 2770mAh Fast charging 3450mAh Fast charging Storage 32GB or 128GB UFS 2.0 No microSD support 32GB or 128GB UFS 2.0 No microSD support Other Fingerprint scanner, NFC, 3.5mm headphone, USB Type-C (USB 3.1) Fingerprint scanner, NFC, 3.5mm headphone, USB Type-C (USB 3.1) Connectivity Bluetooth 4.2 WiFi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac 2x2 MIMO, dual-band (2.4 GHz, 5.0 GHz) Bluetooth 4.2 WiFi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac 2x2 MIMO, dual-band (2.4 GHz, 5.0 GHz) Water/Dust Resistance IP53 IP53 Dimensions 143.8 x 69.5 x 8.6 mm 143 grams 154.7 x 75.7 x 8.6 mm 168 grams SIM Nano Nano Colors Quite Black, Very Silver. Really Blue Quite Black, Very Silver. Really Blue Pound for pound, the specs aren’t anything to get too excited about. Yes, the Pixel XL is one of the most powerful Android phones on the planet. But, so what? It’ll be usurped next week by someone else. That’s just how it works in the Android space. But what WILL separate the Pixel XL apart from the “other” Android phones is that its performance will ALWAYS be better. Why? Simple: Google built this phone. It clearly knows what it’s doing, as this phone feels about 10X faster than nearly every other Android phone I’ve tested this year – including the Samsung Galaxy S7, Note 7 and HTC 10. And the only reason that I can think of for why this might be the case is the level of attention Google has put into developing this phone as a seamless piece of technology. The traditional way Android phones are built is a bit different: a phone maker designs and builds a phone. They then install Android on it, usually after ruining it with a custom skin. After a bit of tinkering and testing, the phone gets shipped out to consumers. This is the way ALL Android handsets are made. And this is why they are often problematic – see Samsung’s recent Galaxy Note 7 episode. The Pixel phones are different, though, because they feel as if they have been designed AROUND Android. Android is the star of the show here. Not an EDGE display, nor an odd chassis, or a missing headphone jack. No. These phones are ALL about Android. Period. I could go on about how good the Pixel XL is to use in a day-to-day setting, but by now you probably get the picture. This phone is stunning in the performance department and it is unlike anything else that came before it. I think this is why Google changed the name. It did it because Nexus was not good enough for this phone. It deserved something new and fresh and unique for the phone space because that’s what this phone is all about: a new direction for Google and Android. --------------------------------------------------------- Two Month Update: Problems With My Pixel XL Google’s Pixel XL is one of the best Android phones you can buy right now. The Pixel XL isn’t the most exciting handset to look at but the specs, performance and software are great. Ditto imaging. So all is forgiven in the looks department. The Pixel XL is Google’s iPhone, basically. It is Google taking a more nuanced and focussed approach to hardware inside the Android space. We had Nexus phones before, sure, but the Pixel phones are different; and not just in terms of how much they cost. The Pixel phones are the truest embodiment of what Android should look and feel like on a phone. And for the most part, Google smashed the ball outta the park – both Pixel phones are exceptional performers in every regard. But there is a problem with my Pixel XL. It likes to pass out sometimes. You can’t predict when it will happen, but like an heavy-drinker it is usually at night – after 10pm. This crashing issue has been noted by other users, I've read reports about it in the past, but figured my handset must have not been affected. I was wrong. My handset is affected, so whatever this bug is it can, presumably, hit a Pixel phone at any time, as mine was fine and then all of a sudden it wasn’t. What happens is a two fold process: the screen freezes, then the phone restarts. It’s annoying as hell, as 1) it’s unpredictable and 2) it takes about 2 minutes for the phone to then reboot. I’ve tried factory resetting the handset and this hasn't fixed the issue which makes me think it is either a full-on hardware defect or something that Google can fix with a software update. Either way, I’m hoping it gets fixed soon as it is starting to get rather annoying. --------------------------------------------------------- Google Pixel XL Review: Camera UPDATE: Google WILL Fix Halo-Flare Bug With Software Update Google has confirmed there is an issue with the Pixel’s camera and will soon issue a software fix to remedy it. A lot of Pixel users have noticed a weird, halo-like effect that appears on some images. The bug apparently affects all Pixel handsets – whether you’ve experienced it or not – but it is now in the process of being eliminated by a software patch that will appear shortly. “In a post from the Pixel User Community,” notes Phandroid, “a Googler flat out confirms that the Pixel “has a little too much of the ‘halo/arc’ flare” but they’re already working on a fix. No, there’s not going to be a global recall (heh). Instead, Google says a future software update — arriving in the next few weeks — will help alleviate the appearance of the halo/light arc in photos. Using new algorithms to identify the halo, Google believes they’ll be able to eliminate it from photos, almost like a quick PhotoShop job being done on the fly.” As of December 1, although the above issue has been fixed, a new camera-related bug is apparently afflicting many Pixel and Pixel XL users. Specifically, this bug is related to the camera application itself. A post on the Google Pixel user community outlines the problem, apparently the application freezes  with "pink/purple vertical lines very regularly although not all the time." The users have tried clearing the application cache and data, and to perform factory resets on the phone, but this has not fixed the issue - even running the phone in safe mode doesn't help. The number of users experiencing this problem and posting in the thread has increased, and some have discovered the issue appears to be tied to poor signal reception areas; having aeroplane mode switched on also seems to keep the problem at bay, oddly. A post made in the thread by a Google official confirms that the company is investigating the issue. ---------------------------------------------- Forget what Apple says, the best camera on the market RIGHT NOW is inside the Google Pixel XL. I’ve been snapping images with it for just over a week and I have to say, once again, it is unlike anything I have used before. It doesn’t matter where you’re shooting, or in what type of light, the Pixel XL will deliver solid, good-looking, detailed images. I suck at photography, big time, so if the Pixel XL can make my photographs look good then someone more capable should be churning out works of art with this thing. So what makes the camera so good? Three core aspects, in my opinion: 1) a simple application, 2) the speed with which it loads up and snaps pictures and 3) insanely fast focus. Couple this with an excellent 12.3MP sensor, large 1.55μm pixels and an f/2.0 aperture and you have a camera setup that is currently unparalleled in the mobile space. The Galaxy S7 and iPhone 7 Plus have excellent cameras, but neither are as good as the shooter inside the Pixel XL. Alongside the software inside the Pixel XL, this is one of the phone’s biggest USPs. Interestingly, it’s one I wasn’t expecting. I know Google said the Pixel XL has the best camera ever at launch, but I figured that was just locker-room talk – not an actual statement of fact! It’s much the same with video as well. You can shoot in 4K and the results look amazing when played back on a compatible device. And if all this wasn’t good enough, Google is giving ALL Pixel users unlimited storage for all their pictures and videos – even 4K ones – so you’ll never run out of space on your phone ever again. Google Pixel XL Review: Android. Android. Android! I’ve been saying this for years, but it still stands: if you LOVE Android, use a Nexus phone - and this applies just as much to the Pixel phones too. Why? Simple: Pixel phones run the purest form of Android, with zero bloatware, designed and functioning just as Google intended. If you value things like this, as I do, then there really is no competition in this regard. You get Android updates first, while other, more costly Android phones have to wait months. There is no bloatware inside; just Google apps and the one’s you choose to install. You get immediate access to all the latest security patches and fixes and, generally speaking, everything runs a lot smoother as a result. The Pixel Phones also feature a bunch of unique software attributes that you CANNOT get anywhere else. These are as follows: Google Assistant Unlimited Storage For Photos and Video (even 4K video)  The Pixel Launcher Smart Storage  24/7 Support  Pixel Camera I have never understood why people who like Android get anything other than a Nexus phone. They get updates first, were always solid and most of the time were cheaper than handsets from HTC, LG and Samsung. This latter point no longer stands, as the Pixel phones are rather pricy, however, the former points still do – and they’re now even better as a lot of what makes the Pixel tick is exclusive to the Pixel. The Pixel Launcher is Google’s new stock Android look. It’s smart, tidy and packed with useful features. Assistant is always accessible by voice or a long hold on the home button. You can also swipe right to access Assistant. The app tray is gone, sort of… now you simply swipe up from the bottom of the display to access your applications. The wallpapers Google has included are STUNNING. They have this awesome slow-zoom effect when you unlock the phone, which is so subtle you might not notice it. Android has never looked better in my opinion. It has also never been smarter, thanks to Google Assistant which is now leagues ahead of Siri in every regard. Update: Android 7.1 Preview Pushed OTA In Canada - Reveals New Feature We're not sure whether someone pressed the wrong button, but some users in Canada are reporting having recevied an OTA update which pushes a Preview build of Android 7.1 to the Google Pixel phones. The new build, labelled “Security Update + Bug Fixes,” is a 261MB Android 7.1 file with the build number NPF26J. The "P" stands for Preview, and ordinarily such builds would not be published OTA in this manner. Regardless, users are reporting a new feature lands with the update which isn't mentioned in the changelogs; a couple of new gesture options are added to the "Move" menu which allow the user to activate some Always-On display-like features to check notifications by either tapping the display or lifting the phone up. 9To5Google reports that users claim the features work well, with no bugs or issues encountered so far. On December 5 Google has now made Android 7.1.1 available to Google Pixel handsets, both as an over-the-air (OTA) download and as downloadable factory image files which you can load onto the device manually. The files are available for; Pixel, Pixel XL, Nexus 6P (all carriers but Verizon), Nexus 5X, Nexus 9, Nexus 9 LTE, and the Nexus Player. The update brings some of the Pixel features to non-Pixel phones, though not all; some stuff is being kept as Pixel exclusive content. As well as this, the download includes the latest Android security patches. As of December 12, Google has released a small, additional update patch for the Pixel and Pixel XL units designated NMF26Q, specifically for UK O2 network handsets. The update doesn't change the build number, but simply adds in some fixes that were left out of the main 7.1.1 update for reasons unknown at this time. The changelog simply reads: "remove spaces in front of APN types so that telephony can find APNs that can handle a particular type properly". It's believed the fix relates to MMS media messages. It's also expected that this update may see a wider release soon, as similar connection issues have been noted outside of the UK as well. Google Pixel XL Review: Battery Battery performance isn’t the most glitzy subject to talk about, but it is something 100% of mobile users value. No one phone has yet taken battery performance to a level comparable to what we had back in the days of the Nokia 3310. The Pixel XL doesn’t remedy this situation either, but what it does it still very impressive by today’s standards. Whatever you do with this phone it just flat out REFUSES to consume juice. During testing I pushed this phone as hard as I could. I went away on a trip for 24 hours, didn’t take a charger and used the phone normally, assuming it would die in the wee hours of the morning, but, lo and behold, the Pixel XL was still alive and kicking with 20% left in the tank when I returned home the following day. I sometimes forget to charge it and it will EASILY last until about 2pm. Nothing hurts this phone. I have no idea how Google has done this but it is DAMN impressive. The only phone that is remotely comparable is the Huawei Mate 8… but even that phone pales in comparison to what the Pixel XL is capable of with respect to battery conservation. If you don’t use the Pixel XL, it simply doesn’t use battery life, a first for Android phones in my experience. Push it hard – like, REALLY hard – and it will last a full day and a half. This is the only phone I have ever used that I can feel confident about taking it out after work, without a top-up, and not worry about it dying on me when I need it most, usually around 2am, after a skin-full and in dire need of an Uber. The Pixel XL’s battery performance is utterly bonkers. There’s just no other word to describe it. Google Pixel XL Review: Verdict There are so many Android handsets to choose from with very little, in terms of specs and hardware, to actually separate them. A lot of people are loyal to brands – Apple and Samsung – while others prefer to go for value; value like the OnePlus 3 or BlackBerry DTEK50, for instance. The Pixel phones kind of sit outside of both these categories, as the brand and name itself, at least in the mobile space, is completely untested. This is why Google is spending so much coin on promoting the Pixel phones, both here and in the US. It wants you to buy into the brand of Pixel; it wants you to view these handsets as its iPhone. And this is a tough sell. Apple didn’t become Apple overnight and Samsung has spent BILLIONS promoting its brand to consumers, meaning Google has quite a bit of catching-up to do. But once you use this phone, it kind of sells itself. There is a lot of hatred for this brand of phone; people say it’s too expensive, that it’s dull looking. But for some Android purists – people like me – that doesn’t matter. I’ve been waiting for Google to do a phone like this since the Nexus One, a phone that gets updates first, a phone that has best-in-class specs, and a phone, importantly, with excellent battery life. Obviously I’d prefer it if this handset was cheaper. I think Google could have taken a hit on the chin and lowered its margin for the phone, but it hasn’t and that’s just something you’ll have to deal with. No one’s forcing you to buy this phone, after all. Apple has never compromised on price. Ever. Even when it’s iPhones were out-specced and out-designed, the company still retailed them as high as it possibly could. This is what Google’s doing and while you might not like it, the company clearly has an eye on what it wants to achieve with this handset; it wants to create an Android version of the iPhone. It wants to make the perfect Android phone and while this handset isn’t perfect – the design, the price, etc – it’s better than nearly every other Android phone I have tested in the past 18 months with respect to performance, imaging and battery life. If you love Android, buy this phone. If you want market-leading battery performance and a brilliant camera, buy this phone. Nothing else compares. I used to be a Nexus purist. Not anymore. Now I am a Pixel purist. Nexus is dead… Long live the KING! Google Pixel XL Review: Where To Buy One?  Unless you’ve been living under a rock for the past week, you will have seen Google’s rather EPIC Pixel advertising campaign in full swing. The adverts are, quite literally, everywhere your eyeballs dare to wonder. The ads are well produced and they look good but they are a bit confusing, as a lot of them emphasise the “Exclusive on Verizon” angle, which is only half true – you can also get the phones direct from Google. Still, if you’re a longstanding Verizon user then you might want to check out some of the deals the network is offering on the Pixel and Pixel XL. I just had a quick gander and some of them look pretty tasty.  If you're in the UK and are looking for a BADASS contract for either of Google's excellent Pixel phones, then you NEED to check out Carphone Warehouse's current batch – they're some of the best we've seen to date.  And if you want more details on buying options for the Pixel and Pixel XL be sure to check out our Pixel and Pixel XL Buying Guide  Read More About: Mobile Phones Google Google Pixel XL Android Nougat Sponsored Links Related content Google Pixel 2 WILL Feature Waterproofing As Standard 4 Huawei Mate 9 Review: BIG, Bold & Very Clever The BlackBerry PRIV 2 COMETH – Leaked Pics Land Online 5 Google Pixel XL Review: The Best Android Phone Right Now Samsung Galaxy S8 Release Date & Specs Rumours View the discussion thread. Trending Nokia WILL Release Two Android Phones In 2017: Nokia 6 Was Just The Beginning Mobile Phones Samsung Galaxy Note 8 100% Coming In 2017: Release Date & Specs Rumours Mobile Phones Buying A Reconditioned iPhone: Best Places To Shop Online Mobile Phones Hot Handsets Android 4.4.3 Apple iOS 8 Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Mini 2 Apple iPhone 5S Apple iPhone 6 HTC One Max LG G3 Motorola Moto X+1 Samsung Galaxy S5 Latest Reviews 4 Huawei Mate 9 Review: BIG, Bold & Very Clever Reviews 5 Google Pixel XL Review: The Best Android Phone Right Now Reviews 4 Google Chromecast Review: An Apple TV Killer? Reviews Sponsored Links Contact Dennis Publishing Editorial Offices 30 Cleveland Street London, W1T 4JD T: +44 (0)20 7907 6000 Read our Privacy notice Useful links Home News Reviews Rumours VS Bests User Guides Deals Wearable Tech Apps Newsletter Company's site Contact us About us Privacy Note Feeds Authors Sitemap Affiliate Link Policy Our Websites Know Your Mobile Auto Express Evo Fortean Times IT Pro Coach Micro Mart Alphr Expert Reviews Channel Pro Digital SLR Photography Den of Geek The Week Magazines Health & Fitness Women's Fitness CarBuyer Cloud Pro MagBooks Cyclist Classic & Performance Car TablePouncer Sites we like Android Authority GSM arena IntoMobile Eurodroid PocketNow WinRumors Social media links Find us on Facebook Connect with us on Twitter © Copyright Dennis Publishing Limited. Know Your Mobile is a trademark of Felix Dennis. Jobs Media Information Subscription Enquiries Books Apps Your Online Choices
ePaper Apps Postal Delivery Photos Competitions Newspaper Archive Advertise With Us Shop Death Notices Find a... Home Job IrishExaminer Menu Login Home mobile Hot Topics News - Breaking News - Today's Stories - Special Reports - World - Farming - Weather - Web Archive - Newspaper Archive Sport - Breaking News - GAA - Football - Hurling - Rugby - Soccer - Racing - Golf - Others - Columns Lifestyle - Culture - Fashion/Beauty - Features - Food/Drink - Health/Life - Outdoors/Garden - Damien Enright - Donal Hickey - Richard Collins - Dick Warner - Showbiz - Travel - Home Viewpoints - Columns - Analysis - Our View - Your View - Send your views Video - Video News - Video Sport - Video Lifestyle - Video Viral - Video You May Have Missed Business - Business News - Technology - Small Business ExamViral - Real Life - Fun Times - Science World - Animal Life - Celeb Life - Tech Times TechNow - Movies - Technology - Gaming Property - Property Search Motoring - News - Reviews - Motors & Me Showbiz Ford 100 Horoscopes Death Notices Help - Advertise With Us - Apps - Competitions - ePaper - Photos - Postal Delivery - Shop Find a - Home - Job News Sport Business Views Life ExamViral Property Motors Tech Video Showbiz Ford 100 Login go TechNow Games Tech Movies HOT TOPICS: Ford 100 US business in Ireland Stormont crisis Trump presidency Brexit Home»Tech Now»Tech Apple to move iTunes business to Cork on Feb 5 Friday, January 27, 2017 Apple is to move its international iTunes business from Luxembourg to Cork on Feb 5, as revealed in an article from AppleInsider. Apple’s international iTunes business serves more than 100 countries around the world and consists of the iTunes Store, Apple Music, the App Store and the iBooks Store. The transfer is estimated to be worth $9 billion in assets and comes after the European Union’s years-long investigation into Ireland’s alleged sweetheart tax deals with the technology giant determined that the deals were in breach of regional regulations. Apple currently employs 5,000 people in Cork and was given the all-clear last year to build a new data centre in the area, which will add a further 1,100 jobs. Powered by ClickOnline.com READ MORE Visit the section home page here © Irish Examiner Ltd. All rights reserved Email UpdatesReceive our lunchtime briefing straight to your inbox More in this Section Microsoft HoloLens sales “in the thousands” LG G6: first non-Pixel phone with Google Assistant Twitter Explore replaces Moments Fender releases guitar tuner app for Android Breaking Stories EuroMillions-winning group staying anonymous for now Lifestyle Watch the Elie Saab Show at Paris Fashion week for all the latest couture trends Ask Audrey has been sorting out Cork people for years Children write and illustrate new Irish history book Calling all writers to Cork literary gathering More From The Irish Examiner How to throw the ultimate Chinese New Year party Dublin college pranksters wrap everything in mate's bedroom in tinfoil! The Elephant man star and renowned 'maverick' Sir John Hurt had a career spanning six decades This #CuteAnimalTweetOff between zoos will brighten even the bleakest of weeks Scientists have created the first human-pig hybrid Google said to be planning a budget model of the Pixel Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Double Dragon 4 out next week Star Wars Episode 8 titled The Last Jedi Microsoft HoloLens sales “in the thousands” Lotto Results Wednesday, January 11, 2017 8 12 13 16 19 24 15 Full Lotto draw results » Follow the Irish Examiner Most Read Top Stories Border duty allowance for 710 soldiers ‘absolute madness’, says Alan Kelly A 10-year-old boy got photobombed by a shark and it's pretty terrifying Fine Gael email instructs TDs and Senators to play down Enda Kenny's gaffe on SF coalition Plans revealed for 300th anniversary of one of Cork’s oldest churches 30 surreal hours in Limerick Paddy brings the country pub to the heart of Limerick city Disingenuous Dylan Hartley a dangerous disgrace A sporting essay: Eimear Ryan on the fear of winning and much more Petrol station that sold €88m EuroMillions ticket runs out of celebratory cut-price fuel That awkward moment when the White House can't spell Theresa May's name NEWS All-New Renault Mégane Launches in Ireland - Pricing from €155 per month All-New Renault Mégane Launches in Ireland - Pricing from €155 per month BUSINESS Glanbia and Tesco put focus on big food deals Circle Oil assets sold off SPORT Conor O’Shea on mission to get Italians respected It's win or bust for First Division clubs LIFESTYLE Trend of the week: Shirt and jeans, the perfect couple Back to the future - how 60s changes in design still influences furniture today     Group » Irish Examiner Evening Echo BreakingNews.ie RecruitIreland.com Roscommon Herald Western People Carlow Nationalist Kildare Nationalist Laois Nationalist Gorey Echo New Ross Echo Enniscorthy Echo Wexford Echo Waterford News WLR FM Beat 102-103 News Breaking News Today´s Paper World Farming Technology Weather Death Notices Archives Text Only Titanic 100 Election 2016 Referendums 2015 Budget 2016 Sport Soccer Podcast Columnists GAA Rugby Golf Racing Other Sport Results Business Breaking Business News Business Analysis Getting Ahead The Small Business Show Small Business Viewpoints Our view (editorial) Your view (letters) Send letter to editor's page Columnists Books Property News House of the Week Cover Story Commercial Starter Homes Trading Up Features Property Search Lifestyle Showbiz Fashion & Beauty Food & Drink Health & Life Home & Gardens Travel Arts, Books, Film & TV Features Help FAQ Contact Us Media Pack Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Mobile Subscriptions Terms and Conditions NNI ePaper Postal Delivery Competitions RSS Text only © Irish Examiner Ltd, Linn Dubh, Assumption Road, Blackpool, Cork. Registered in Ireland: 523712.
IOT Consumer Wearables M2M Smart Cities Cognitive Computing Cloud Public Private Hybrid AAS Cyber Security Breaches Protection Solutions Business Mobility Devices Smartphones Apps Networks Laptops Data Centre IT Power Cooling Modular Big Data Analytics Enterprise IT Storage Software Server Services Applications Virtualisation Digital Transformation Markets Consumer eBanking eHealth eBusiness eTransport Smart Cities The Boardroom SMB Public Sector eCommerce eTail eMoney Fintech White Papers What Is About Us Editorial Team Advertise With Us Contact Us Help Privacy Policy RSS Feeds Site Map White Papers Apple confirms Partnership on AI membership, joins Microsoft, Amazon and IBM in artificial intelligence research 0Shares 0 0 0 0 Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus IOT Consumer Wearables M2M Smart Cities Cognitive Computing EE customer service number overcharged thousands, Ofcom fines mobile firm £2.7m Deliveroo to create more than 300 tech jobs in UK Raspberry Pi bakes in more power for Compute Module 3 launch Microsoft Hololens set to bring mixed reality to construction Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg denies allegations that Oculus stole VR technology Smartwatch market to surge 40% by 2020 Raspberry Pi to work with “tech titan” Google for AI development Apple, Qualcomm head to court in billion-dollar lawsuit Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg denies allegations that Oculus stole VR technology Top 5 smartest Smart Cities in the world Smart City: the next step or privacy threat? Tesla Autopilot self-driving system cleared in fatal crash probe Apple confirms Partnership on AI membership, joins Microsoft, Amazon and IBM in artificial intelligence research Raspberry Pi to work with “tech titan” Google for AI development Accenture starts Liquid Studio in London to help clients speed up innovation Cloud Public Private Hybrid AAS Cloud growth clears away the January gloom for tech giants reveling in revenue growth AWS Cloud Directory takes on hierarchical data Microsoft silences Brexit exit fears with ground-breaking cloud & digital skills programme Cloud growth clears away the January gloom for tech giants reveling in revenue growth Microsoft silences Brexit exit fears with ground-breaking cloud & digital skills programme Another senior IBM exec departs as cloud & POWER hardware undergo restructuring Cloud growth clears away the January gloom for tech giants reveling in revenue growth Another senior IBM exec departs as cloud & POWER hardware undergo restructuring Achieving data security in the hybrid cloud Cloud growth clears away the January gloom for tech giants reveling in revenue growth AWS Cloud Directory takes on hierarchical data Microsoft silences Brexit exit fears with ground-breaking cloud & digital skills programme Cyber Security Breaches Protection Solutions Business From the perfect cybercrime, to anonymous browsing: Inside the cyber criminal mind Why it’s time to upgrade your hardware Yahoo, Verizon deal faces delays following mega data breach GDPR and Brexit: How Leaving the EU Affects UK Data Privacy Microsoft continues huge $1 billion annual cyber security investment How to keep data safe on Data Protection Day: From cyber insurance and GDPR, to cloud and encryption How to keep data safe on Data Protection Day: From cyber insurance and GDPR, to cloud and encryption From the perfect cybercrime, to anonymous browsing: Inside the cyber criminal mind O2, BAE Systems to fight cyber-crime with cloud Microsoft continues huge $1 billion annual cyber security investment How to keep data safe on Data Protection Day: From cyber insurance and GDPR, to cloud and encryption Europe to be hit by cyber storm Malware Mobility Devices Smartphones Apps Networks Laptops Smart City: the next step or privacy threat? Microsoft Hololens set to bring mixed reality to construction Nokia, Apple patent dispute to be probed by US trade commission Snapchat IPO: Company seeking big ad deals Nokia, Apple patent dispute to be probed by US trade commission Samsung sees profit jump despite Galaxy Note failure Snapchat IPO: Company seeking big ad deals Cisco puts a stop to Appdynamics IPO, buying software startup for $3.7bn Apple cashes in on Brexit with App Store price hike Verizon eyes Charter merger in bet to be second largest cable company in US BT scandal sees profits fall 37% BT Italian Scandal: Criminal investigation launched CES 2017: Intel debuts 7th-gen Kaby Lake chips for desktop How to follow CES 2017: From Twitter to Live Streams – don’t miss any CES news Japanese tech giants hit with €166m laptop and phone battery cartel fine Data Centre IT Power Cooling Modular Colt targets “disappointing” DCIM market with FNT partnership Stockholm city to offer sustainable data centre services with new hub Microsoft warns of Brexit impact on UK data centres Stockholm city to offer sustainable data centre services with new hub 15 of the worst companies for renewable energy – Greenpeace report Greenpeace calls out AWS on renewable energy targets Stockholm city to offer sustainable data centre services with new hub Google opens €600 green data centre in the Netherlands IBM joins zero outage association to help end IT downtime for good HPE, Schneider Electric partner on micro data centres Data centre management – linking assets across the cloud Cisco pushes new modular storage servers as alternative to public cloud Big Data Analytics Big data: It may be the new oil but have public failures damaged adoption? Data analytics salaries to surge by 4% in 2017 MapR claims open source big data victory with patent award Enterprise IT Storage Software Server Services Applications Virtualisation HPE finally stops selling to buy SimpliVity – but what does the hyperconverged acquisition mean? IBM unveils new family of all-flash storage for cognitive workloads Global converged systems revenue increases 1.7% to $2.6bn in Q3 Don’t want Windows 10 on your Mac but need Microsoft Office? Wine 2.0 is the answer Inside Silicon Valley Startup Bromium: Using Virtual Machines to Escape Endpoint Prohibition Oracle fuels cloud innovation with launch of UK start-up accelerator Cloud and cognitive computing fails to save IBM from 19th quarter of declining revenue U.S. government sues Oracle for alleged hiring and salary discrimination HPE finally stops selling to buy SimpliVity – but what does the hyperconverged acquisition mean? Accenture starts Liquid Studio in London to help clients speed up innovation Cloud and cognitive computing fails to save IBM from 19th quarter of declining revenue Database wars: AWS CEO claims thousands are fleeing from rivals Cisco puts a stop to Appdynamics IPO, buying software startup for $3.7bn Don’t want Windows 10 on your Mac but need Microsoft Office? Wine 2.0 is the answer Accenture starts Liquid Studio in London to help clients speed up innovation IBM boosts cyber security with startup buyout Inside Silicon Valley Startup Bromium: Using Virtual Machines to Escape Endpoint Prohibition DevOps Decoded – Gaining a competitive edge with speed, productivity and security Digital Transformation Markets Consumer eBanking eHealth eBusiness eTransport Smart Cities The Boardroom SMB Public Sector eCommerce eTail eMoney Fintech White Papers What Is About Us Editorial Team Advertise With Us Contact Us Help Privacy Policy RSS Feeds Site Map White Papers Top 5 smartest Smart Cities in the world 4th Revolution Back to Home Apple confirms Partnership on AI membership, joins Microsoft, Amazon and IBM in artificial intelligence research Increase / Decrease text size Byomakesh Biswal 27th January 2017 0 0Shares 0 0 0 0 Add to favorites The non-profit organisation intends to work to advance public understanding of AI and formulate best practices on AI technologies. Apple has finally joined the Partnership on AI, an artificial intelligence research group that includes Microsoft, IBM, Amazon, DeepMind/Google, and Facebook. Confirmed by Apple’s Tom Gruber, the head of advanced development of Siri said in a statement: “We’re glad to see the industry engaging on some of the larger opportunities and concerns created with the advance of machine learning and AI. “We believe it’s beneficial to Apple, our customers, and the industry to play an active role in its development and look forward to collaborating with the group to help drive discussion on how to advance AI while protecting the privacy and security of consumers.” Partnership on AI was established in September 2016 to study and formulate best practices on AI technologies and advance the public’s understanding of AI. The group intends to serve as an open platform for discussion and engagement about AI and its influences on people and society. Together, the organisation’s members will carry out research, recommend best practices, and publish research under an open license in areas such as ethics, fairness,  transparency, privacy, and interoperability; privacy; collaboration between people and AI systems; and of the trustworthiness, reliability, and robustness of the technology. It does not intend to lobby government or other policymaking bodies. The founding members of the organisation are contributing financial and research resources to the partnership. Leadership will be shared with independent third-parties, including academics, user group advocates, and industry domain experts. Last year, Microsoft’s Eric Horvitz, one of the partnership’s two interim co-chairs, told The Guardian, “We’ve been in discussions with Apple, I know they’re enthusiastic about this effort, and I’d personally hope to see them join.”   Tags AI Amazon Google IBM Microsoft Previous ArticleGDPR and Brexit: How Leaving the EU Affects UK Data Privacy Next ArticleReviving interest in STEM to tackle the UK digital skills gap Most read Microsoft silences Brexit exit fears with ground-breaking cloud & digital skills programme James Nunns 26th January 2017 Oracle lodges EU complaint over Google’s privacy policy change Joe Clark 25th January 2017 More bad news for BT as BT mail service goes down Joe Clark 24th January 2017 Microsoft steals a lead over cloud productivity app rivals James Nunns 24th January 2017 Lloyds online banking hit by DDoS cyber attack Ellie Burns 23rd January 2017 Cloud and cognitive computing fails to save IBM from 19th quarter of declining revenue James Nunns 20th January 2017 MapR claims open source big data victory with patent award James Nunns 19th January 2017 Latest White Papers How Intel IT’s Integrated Analytics Platform Helps Sales and Marketing By Intel HPE Security Research – Cyber Risk Report 2016 By HPE Le stockage de demain By Kaminario Editor’s Pick Microsoft continues huge $1 billion annual cyber security investment Byomakesh Biswal 27th January 2017 How to keep data safe on Data Protection Day: From cyber insurance and GDPR, to cloud and encryption Ellie Burns 27th January 2017 Another senior IBM exec departs as cloud & POWER hardware undergo restructuring James Nunns 26th January 2017 MI6 Chief: Spy agency needs more women in technology, not more James Bonds Ellie Burns 26th January 2017 Smart City: the next step or privacy threat? Joe Clark 25th January 2017 Related News 4th Revolution Microsoft Hololens set to bring mixed reality to construction Joe Clark 25th January 2017 4th Revolution UK business leaders falling behind on AI and automation Tom Ball 20th January 2017 4th Revolution Airbus set to test flying cars by 2017 Byomakesh Biswal 17th January 2017 Latest in 4th Revolution 4th Revolution Microsoft Hololens set to bring mixed reality to construction Joe Clark 25th January 2017 4th Revolution UK business leaders falling behind on AI and automation Tom Ball 20th January 2017 4th Revolution Airbus set to test flying cars by 2017 Byomakesh Biswal 17th January 2017 Latest in Analysis Big data: It may be the new oil but have public failures damaged adoption? James Nunns 20th January 2017 Economics of Big Software: What you need to know James Nunns 23rd December 2016 People Scientists and Chief People Officers – how great firms will keep their best staff in 2017 James Nunns 22nd December 2016 What Is About Us Editorial Team Advertise With Us Contact Us Help Privacy Policy RSS Feeds Site Map White Papers © 2016 COMPUTER BUSINESS REVIEW. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Favourites Favorite list is empty.Clear favorites Your favorite posts saved to your browsers cookies. If you clear cookies also favorite posts will be deleted. Latest News on CBR Women in Technology: Have gender stereotypes become even worse? 17 hours ago Reviving interest in STEM to tackle the UK digital skills gap 17 hours ago Apple confirms Partnership on AI membership, joins Microsoft, Amazon and IBM in artificial intelligence research 17 hours ago GDPR and Brexit: How Leaving the EU Affects UK Data Privacy 17 hours ago Top 5 smartest Smart Cities in the world 18 hours ago Cloud growth clears away the January gloom for tech giants reveling in revenue growth 18 hours ago Verizon eyes Charter merger in bet to be second largest cable company in US 19 hours ago Alibaba’s Ant Financial continues US shopping spree with MoneyGram acquisition 22 hours ago BT scandal sees profits fall 37% 22 hours ago Google’s Alphabet suffers drop in shares after Q4 profits miss target 22 hours ago Tesla sues ex-Autopilot boss for allegedly stealing company secrets 23 hours ago AWS Cloud Directory takes on hierarchical data 23 hours ago Microsoft continues huge $1 billion annual cyber security investment 23 hours ago How to keep data safe on Data Protection Day: From cyber insurance and GDPR, to cloud and encryption 24 hours ago Europe to be hit by cyber storm Malware 2 days ago Microsoft silences Brexit exit fears with ground-breaking cloud & digital skills programme 2 days ago
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions UK Edition Irish Sun The Sun The Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Motors Sun Bingo Sun Gifts News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub The Sun, A News UK Company TOP Glasgow City Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in Scottish Sun UK Edition Irish Sun Search Home Football Sport TV & Showbiz Living News Sun Bingo Sun Bets All News All News Scottish News World News Opinion Politics Tech and science GET OUT ON THE I WAY What will the Apple iCar look like? These concept pictures might give you a clue Motoring experts reveal their bizarre and inventive ideas about the design of Apple's driverless automobile by MARGI MURPHY 27th January 2017, 5:10 pm Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments DESIGNERS have offered up a series of ideas about how the Apple driverless iCar might look. The iPhone maker recently confirmed it was working on a driverless car. 5 The iCar 7 is based on the design of the iPhone 7 And now the experts at Click Mechanic have whipped up five different models that could Apple could pass off as their own. Click Mechanic wrote: “These five cars bring Apple classics to life in a way we’ve never seen. From the square like 80s to the smooth and sleek feel of today.” “Whatever the design of the future iCar, it will be sure to stand as something that looks and performs like no other.” The tech giant recently revealed that it’s “investing heavily” in driverless cars, ending years of speculation. Rumours have been swirling about plans for self-driving vehicles ever since it launched an electric car project, Titan, two years ago. 5 This iCar model is based on the vintage Macintosh computer 5 Click Mechanic based this design on the iMac G3 5 A birds eye view of the iMac G3-inspired cars 5 The sleek Macbook Air inspired this driverless car design Most Read in News 'DEAD MAN WALKING' Paige Doherty’s killer John Leathem forced to move jails as sickened cons were plotting to MURDER him STARS IN THEIR AYES New-look cast for Outlander as Sam Heughan and Caitriona Balfe joined by Tanya Reynolds and SIX other stars SHAME OF TWO HALVES Celtic rat Mark McNally boots out ex and three kids and threatens to dump belongings HORROR TOT DEATH Baby found dead in bin had been STABBED repeatedly as mum is charged with murder toxic park killed our pets Six dogs die hours after walks in grounds of old Edinburgh gasworks - and owners fear lethal gas leak may be to blame ICON EXHUMED Judy Garland's remains DUG UP in New York and moved to Hollywood at request of daughter Liza Minnelli What a tackle Rugby ace John Hardie catches suspected shoplifter who sprinted through mall 'like Usain Bolt' BRITAIN'S MOST BRAZEN THIEF Shocking moment grinning fraudster bags £330 refund in Aldi after just picking a TV up off the shop floor BRACE YOURSELVES A massive asteroid is coming our way and one 'scientist' think its going to SMASH into our planet SOD OFFIAH Ex-rugby star Martin Offiah sparks fury by calling for Trump-style wall to keep SCOTS out of England 'i could hear the train coming' Shocking moment Polish man is pushed in front of a Tube train by a mindless England fan in 'revenge for Russian footie hooligan attacks at Euro 2016' 'She's my daughter - please save her' Young mum-of-four collapses and DIES in court in front of her sobbing parents after suffering heart attack while listening to ruling on family legal battle HORROR TOT DEATH Dad's agony as partner is charged with 'stabbing their baby to death and dumping the body in kitchen bin' 'DOG SEX' WARRANT Woman 'filmed performing sex act on a DOG in sickening bestiality footage' is hunted by cops 'HE TOOK EVERYTHING BECAUSE HE COULD' Deputy headteacher, 35, 'had sex with schoolgirl, 16, at his parents' house' TEEN CRITICAL Boy, 15, left fighting for his life in hospital after being knocked down by car in Glasgow DID DON SNUB MELANIA? Eagled-eyed viewers have spotted the REAL reason Melania scowled behind Trump’s back Muddle of the road Edinburgh drivers confused as workmen paint different speed limits on SAME STREET WELFARE CHEAT SNARED Businesswoman caught scrounging £80k by claiming to be a single mum after boasting about her marriage on company website PERV SNARED Dramatic moment Scots paedo postie is caught by vigilantes when he arrived to meet '14-year-old girl' for sex Click Mechanic wrote: “These five cars bring Apple classics to life in a way we’ve never seen. From the square like 80s to the smooth and sleek feel of today.” “Whatever the design of the future iCar, it will be sure to stand as something that looks and performs like no other.” Project Titan was reportedly staffed by more than 1,000 engineers at top-secret labs in Sunnyvale, California. Apple also registered three domain names last year: apple.car, apple.cars and apple.auto. But it was shelved after a number of problems, and now Apple will focus on developing an autonomous driving system. Tech rival Google canned its driverless car trials late last year. But Amazon recently dropped a major hint it might be releasing a driverless car soon. Apple CarPlay unveiled in Geneva We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368   The Sun Topics Apple Cars Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Read in News STARS IN THEIR AYES New-look cast for Outlander as Sam Heughan and Caitriona Balfe joined by Tanya Reynolds and SIX other… News Exclusive SHAME OF TWO HALVES Celtic rat Mark McNally boots out ex and three kids and threatens to dump belongings News HORROR TOT DEATH Baby found dead in bin had been STABBED repeatedly as mum is charged with murder News Exclusive toxic park killed our pets Six dogs die hours after walks in grounds of old Edinburgh gasworks - and owners fear lethal gas… News ICON EXHUMED Judy Garland's remains DUG UP in New York and moved to Hollywood at request of daughter Liza Minnelli News What a tackle Rugby ace John Hardie catches suspected shoplifter who sprinted through mall 'like Usain Bolt' News BRITAIN'S MOST BRAZEN THIEF Shocking moment grinning fraudster bags £330 refund in Aldi after just picking a TV up off… News BRACE YOURSELVES A massive asteroid is coming our way and one 'scientist' think its going to SMASH into our planet News SOD OFFIAH Ex-rugby star Martin Offiah sparks fury by calling for Trump-style wall to keep SCOTS out of England News 'i could hear the train coming' Shocking moment Polish man is pushed in front of a Tube train by a mindless England fan in… News 'She's my daughter - please save her' Young mum-of-four collapses and DIES in court in front of her sobbing parents after… News Exclusive HORROR TOT DEATH Dad's agony as partner is charged with 'stabbing their baby to death and dumping the body in kitchen bin' News 'DOG SEX' WARRANT Woman 'filmed performing sex act on a DOG in sickening bestiality footage' is hunted by cops News 'HE TOOK EVERYTHING BECAUSE HE COULD' Deputy headteacher, 35, 'had sex with schoolgirl, 16, at his parents' house' News TEEN CRITICAL Boy, 15, left fighting for his life in hospital after being knocked down by car in Glasgow News Most Popular STARS IN THEIR AYES New-look cast for Outlander as Sam Heughan and Caitriona Balfe joined by Tanya Reynolds and SIX other… News BHOY BACK IN TOWN? Celtic hero Artur Boruc hints he's ready for sensational return to replace Chelsea target Craig Gordon Football Exclusive NOT A KEEPER Rangers stopper Matt Gilks is set to quit the club as Wigan close in on deal Football Exclusive SHAME OF TWO HALVES Celtic rat Mark McNally boots out ex and three kids and threatens to dump belongings News HORROR TOT DEATH Baby found dead in bin had been STABBED repeatedly as mum is charged with murder News Sam warns Hibees Sam Nicholson hopes Hibs enjoyed the bragging rights.. because Hearts want them back Football Exclusive ‘Stepbrother abused me’ Aberdeen woman says nine years of sexual assaults from the age of SIX scarred her childhood Living Exclusive toxic park killed our pets Six dogs die hours after walks in grounds of old Edinburgh gasworks - and owners fear lethal gas… News ICON EXHUMED Judy Garland's remains DUG UP in New York and moved to Hollywood at request of daughter Liza Minnelli News What a tackle Rugby ace John Hardie catches suspected shoplifter who sprinted through mall 'like Usain Bolt' News BIT DELICATE HOLLY? James Martin 'storms off' This Morning after hungover Holly GAGS on his creme brulee TV & Showbiz BRITAIN'S MOST BRAZEN THIEF Shocking moment grinning fraudster bags £330 refund in Aldi after just picking a TV up off… News BRACE YOURSELVES A massive asteroid is coming our way and one 'scientist' think its going to SMASH into our planet News SOD OFFIAH Ex-rugby star Martin Offiah sparks fury by calling for Trump-style wall to keep SCOTS out of England News Warbs must swing axe Rangers must ditch one of their four centre-halves to sign West Ham's Reece Oxford on loan Football Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Saturday, January 28, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News Trump Bars All Refugees, and Citizens From 7 Muslim Nations By MICHAEL D. SHEAR and HELENE COOPER President Trump signed an order suspending the entry of refugees into the United States for 120 days, and Syrians indefinitely. He also suspended immigration from seven Muslim nations, while ordering priority be given to visas for Christians from Muslim nations. Fears That Visa Ban Will Hurt Allies and Bolster Rivals By DECLAN WALSH President Trump’s freeze on refugee arrivals and visa requests from seven Muslim countries was seen as a sign that he sees Islam itself as the problem. In Iran, Confusion Over Visa Crackdown Read the Executive Order Here Russian Arrests Pose Tantalizing Clue in Election Hacking By SCOTT SHANE, DAVID E. SANGER and ANDREW E. KRAMER 11:15 PM ET Two officers who worked on cyberoperations and a Russian computer security expert were charged with treason, and rumors in Moscow suggest they may be scapegoats in an internal power struggle. Video by SUSAN JOAN ARCHER. Photo by Al Drago/The New York Times   Abortion Foes March on Washington By JEREMY W. PETERS and YAMICHE ALCINDOR A week after women protested President Trump, this year’s March for Life was a peaceful act of defiance supporting him. The First Week: A Flurry of Action, and Some Misfires By CHARLIE SAVAGE, PETER BAKER and MAGGIE HABERMAN President Trump’s first week in office has seen its stops and starts, but one thing is certain: There is no lack of ambition, or effort, on his part. 2:13 Watch: A First Week Fact-Check By DAVE HORN, MEG FELLING and ELSA BUTLER In Private, G.O.P. Agonizes Over Health Law Repeal By ROBERT PEAR and THOMAS KAPLAN An audio recording of a closed-door meeting reveals concerns that contrast with the confidence party leaders express in public.  Comments Trump Backers Like His First Draft of a New America By JACK HEALY Voters who cast ballots for Mr. Trump cheered as they saw a new conservative era in government taking shape, even if they were a little leery of him.  Comments More in Politics U.N. Envoy Warns Those Who ‘Don’t Have Our Back’ Trump’s Hiring Freeze Creates Confusion for Veterans Affairs Mexican Leader Speaks to Trump Over the Phone Push for Familial DNA Tests Raises Privacy Concerns By ELI ROSENBERG An unsolved killing in Queens, N.Y., has led to calls for widening DNA searches to include relatives of possible suspects. But the method, a frontier in forensic science, has critics. An Audacious Plan for Rising Seas: Floating Islands By MIKE IVES A costly plan to build floating islands shows how climate change is pushing the search for innovative solutions, but some critics ask who will ultimately benefit. Philippines Leader Takes On Church Over Birth Control By AURORA ALMENDRAL President Rodrigo Duterte orders free access as an antipoverty measure, after challenges by the church and others kept a 2012 law from taking full effect. In Hong Kong, Defiance Gives Way to Resignation By ALAN WONG Along with fish balls and flowers, vendors at a New Year’s fair in Victoria Park sold a game with a predetermined set of outcomes, a nod to the Beijing-directed selection of the city’s leader.  Comments Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times Smarter Living The Checkup The Banned Books Your Child Should Read By PERRI KLASS, M.D. Books that have been challenged or banned offer parents an opportunity to talk about difficult topics.  Comments Eat Why Clam-Chowder Pizza Is the Best Kind By SAM SIFTON The only thing better than a classic is two.  Comments Mr. Hurt in “Krapp’s Last Tape” at the Brooklyn Academy of Music’s Harvey Theater in 2011. Credit Richard Perry/The New York Times John Hurt, British Actor Who Vanished Into His Roles, Dies at 77 Mr. Hurt was nominated for an Oscar for his portrayal of the title role in the 1980 film “The Elephant Man,” and gained fame as the first victim of the chest-bursting monster in “Alien.” By BRUCE WEBER 11:45 PM ET Watch: His Most Memorable Roles 11:57 PM Venus Williams the Underdog in Grand Sibling Rivalry By VICTOR MATHER and NAILA-JEAN MEYERS Ms. Williams is meeting her sister, Serena, in the Australian Open final. In eight previous Grand Slam finals between the sisters, Serena has won six. Federer and Nadal Breathe New Life Into Old Classic Love and Lives, in Pictures Found on a Brooklyn Street By ANNIE CORREAL A discarded photo album reveals a rich history of black lives, from the segregated South to Harlem dance halls.  Comments Save this story to read later on any device. Save Woman Linked to Emmett Till Lynching Says She Lied By RICHARD PÉREZ-PEÑA Carolyn Bryant Donham is quoted in a new book as admitting her allegations that Emmett grabbed her and was sexually crude toward her in 1955 are “not true.” Book Review: ‘The Blood of Emmett Till’ France Bans Free Soda Refills in Attack on Obesity By KIMIKO de FREYTAS-TAMURA The regulation is the latest attempt to tackle what the government called a relentless rise in the national obesity rate. City to Pay $8 Million Over Shooting by Off-Duty Officer By CHRISTOPHER MELE The settlement ends a lawsuit over an unprovoked drunken shooting in 2014 that seriously injured a New Rochelle, N.Y., man and traumatized his friend. 10 Things to Do Now in NYC More News Why Did the Red Panda Escape the Zoo? Maybe to Avoid Mating Judge Allows Suit Against C.I.A. Contractors in Torture Case Public Editor Mailbag: Measuring Crowds, Maligning a Region California Today The news and stories that matter to Californians (and anyone else interested in the state). Sign up to get it by email. Barbara Hale, ‘Perry Mason’ Actress, Dies at 94 Ms. Hale won an Emmy for her portrayal of the intrepid Della Street on the “Perry Mason” courtroom series, a role that defined her career. Japandroids: Shriek-Along Punk. Literary Lyrics. This two-man rock band returns five years after its breakthrough, “Celebration Rock,” with an album that’s as much about the words as the noise. Uneasy Readers Turn to the Dystopian Classics A boost in sales for books like George Orwell’s “Animal Farm” and “1984” seems to reflect an organic response from readers wary of President Trump’s rhetoric. The Opinion Pages Mexico’s Forceful Resistance By JORGE G. CASTAÑEDA President Enrique Peña Nieto should clearly indicate what Trump actions he won’t tolerate.  Comments Trump’s Immigration Ban Is Illegal By DAVID J. BIER Congress long ago outlawed discrimination based on national origin. Editorial: Voter Fraud Fantasy Editorial: When Donald Trump Met Theresa May Collins: The Trump War on Public Schools 10:46 PM ET Op-Ed: In Israel, ‘We don’t do Gandhi very well.’ An Un-American Refugee Policy By DAVID MILIBAND Donald Trump’s actions undermine the moral leadership and security of the U.S.  Comments The Religious Right’s Trojan Horse Brooks: Politics of Cowardice Cohen: The Closing of America Krugman: A Rustier Rust Belt Egan: Park Rangers as Heroes User Subscriptions Changing Times: The Newsroom’s Strategy for the Future Will Mexico End Up Paying for the Border Wall? Times Insider » Changing Times: The Newsroom’s Strategy for the Future The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Your Reading List Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Here are some suggestions to get started. Go to your reading list Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Access on any device. Learn More | Send Feedback Weekend Reads The Neediest Cases Seeking a Fresh Start Without Limitations Job loss left a family struggling to pay expenses and turning to public assistance while searching for the right educational environment for a child entering kindergarten. In its 105th year, The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund has provided direct assistance to those struggling in New York and beyond. Donate now » From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Family Why Girls Don’t Think They Are Smart Enough Art & Design Chuck Stewart, Jazz Photographer, Dies at 89 Opinion The Road to Tet How America got involved in Vietnam — and why 1967 was such a pivotal year in a tragic war. Movies In ‘The Salesman,’ a Marriage in Tehran Opinion Coming Together at the Roller Rink Book Review How Mormon Women Embraced Polygamy Design & Interiors Swedish Prints That Are Relevant as Ever Today Theater From the Stage, Warnings About Complacency Opinion Who’s Afraid of Nonviolence? In Israel, “We don’t do Gandhi very well.” Style The Teen Vogue Writer Who Took On Trump Opinion Broken: The Women’s Prison at Hoheneck Style Confronting Race, Religion and Her Heart Sections World » News Analysis: Fears That Trump’s Visa Ban Betrays Friends and Bolsters Enemies Trump and Mexican President Speak by Phone Amid Dispute Over Wall As Climate Change Accelerates, Floating Cities Look Like Less of a Pipe Dream Business Day » To Understand a Tax on Mexican Imports, Consider the Avocado Uneasy About the Future, Readers Turn to Dystopian Classics Energy Companies Lead US Stock Indexes Mostly Lower Opinion » Op-Ed Contributor: Mexico’s Forceful Resistance Editorial: The Voter Fraud Fantasy Gail Collins: The Trump War on Public Schools U.S. » A City Built on Refugees Looks at Trump’s Plan With Fear Trump Backers Like His First Draft of a New America Anti-Abortion Marchers Draw Inspiration From an Unlikely Source Technology » Google, in Post-Obama Era, Aggressively Woos Republicans Alphabet’s Profits Stay Predictably Good in a Volatile Industry Common Sense: Elon Musk Has Trump’s Ear, and Wall Street Takes Note Arts » No Escaping Politics at the Progressive Sundance Film Festival Critic's Notebook: New York City Ballet’s Very 21st-Century Steps Philip Glass Celebrates His 80th Birthday With an 11th Symphony Politics » Judge Allows Lawsuit Against Psychologists in C.I.A. Torture Case Trump Bars Refugees and Citizens of 7 Muslim Countries Trump’s First Week: Misfires, Crossed Wires, and a Satisfied Smile Fashion & Style » Encounters: Even the Teen Vogue Writer Who Took On Trump Gets Stage Fright The Complete Guide to New York Fashion Week: Men’s Styles Q. and A.: Cat Marnell, a Former Beauty Editor, on Her New Addiction Memoir Movies » No Escaping Politics at the Progressive Sundance Film Festival Review: Matthew McConaughey Mines Profane Capitalism in ‘Gold’ Review: In ‘The Salesman,’ Scenes From a Marriage in Tehran New York » Family DNA Searches Seen as Crime-Solving Tool, and Intrusion on Rights Love and Black Lives, in Pictures Found on a Brooklyn Street 2 Charged in Ponzi Scheme Built Around ‘Hamilton’ Tickets Sports » Grand Sibling Rivalry Leaves Venus Williams a Distinct Underdog 8 Grand Slam Finals That Pitted Rafael Nadal Against Roger Federer Pegasus World Cup Features California Chrome and a Horseless Pizza King Theater » ‘Hamilton’ Is Coming to the Super Bowl Review: Hungarians Bare Their Dark Side in ‘Our Secrets’ Review: A Revival of ‘The Liar’ Plays Alternative Facts for Laughs Science » Hydrogen Squeezed Into a Metal, Possibly Solid, Harvard Physicists Say A Genetic Fix to Put the Taste Back in Tomatoes New Prospects for Growing Human Replacement Organs in Animals Obituaries » John Hurt, British Actor Hailed for His Shape-Shifting Roles, Dies at 77 Barbara Hale, Who Played Perry Mason’s Loyal Secretary, Dies at 94 Chuck Stewart, Jazz Photographer, Dies at 89; You’ve Seen His Album Covers Television » ‘Making It on My Own,’ With Mary Tyler Moore as a Guide Mary Tyler Moore, Who Incarnated the Modern Woman on TV, Dies at 80 Review: ‘Z,’ Hardly the Last Word on the Fitzgeralds Health » Trump’s Pick for Health Secretary Under Scrutiny for Investments The New Old Age: Nursing Home Residents Gain New Protections Travelers With Nut Allergies Clash With Airlines Travel » Shanghai Dwellings Vanish, and With Them, a Way of Life 36 Hours: 36 Hours in Santiago, Chile Footsteps: The London of London’s Mayor Books » Fiction: Monica Ali on Rachel Cusk’s Risky, Revolutionary New Novel Critic's Notebook: Why ‘1984’ Is a 2017 Must-Read Nonfiction: Emmett Till’s Murder: What Really Happened That Day in the Store? Education » Canada Beckons International Students With a Path to Citizenship A District Divided: Harlem Schools Are Left to Fail as Those Not Far Away Thrive When Campus Rapists Are Repeat Offenders Food » City Kitchen: Sun-Kissed Citrus Salad for the Dead of Winter Hungry City: Filipino Food With Subtlety, and a Splash of 7Up, at F.O.B. U.S. Team Wins Bocuse d’Or Competition for First Time Sunday Review » Frank Bruni: The President Who Buried Humility Editorial: The Republican Health Care Con Ross Douthat: The Tempting of the Media Real Estate » 360 View: Harry Macklowe on New York Real Estate Advocates of Fair Housing Brace for a Tough Four Years Shopping Guide: Shopping for Folding Chairs The Upshot » Economic View: Pressure From Trump May Delay a Factory’s Exit, but It Won’t Stop It Tax Policy: How to Interpret the Trump Administration’s Latest Signals on Mexico The 2016 Race: Illegal Voting Claims, and Why They Don’t Hold Up Magazine » Feature: ‘The Only Way We Can Fight Back Is to Excel’ Feature: Will France Sound the Death Knell for Social Democracy? Feature: John Edgar Wideman Against the World Automobiles » Your Money: How to Buy a Used Car in an Age of Widespread Recalls Driven: Video Review: The 2017 Honda CR-V Stays True to Its Mainstream Roots Common Sense: Elon Musk Has Trump’s Ear, and Wall Street Takes Note T Magazine » Couture Shows: Maison Margiela and Valentino My Bookshelf, Myself: My 10 Favorite Books: Cass Bird What Does ‘Couture’ Actually Mean? Times Insider » Save the Date: Feb. 7: Will Shortz: Meet the Puzzle Master! Talk to The Times: Will Mexico End Up Paying for the Border Wall? Insider Podcasts: Changing Times: The Newsroom’s Strategy for the Future Real Estate » Advocates of Fair Housing Brace for a Tough Four Years By ZOE GREENBERG Housing rights groups fear their agenda may suffer under a president who was sued for housing discrimination in the 1970s. Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Sell Your Home Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
News Deals Cell Phone Plans Apps & Games Reviews The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Advertise Newsletter VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Huawei Mate 9 Honor Magic Galaxy S7 edge Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: Why you should be keeping a close eye on China in 2017 Features Newsby Kris Carlon15 hours ago 9 565 13 When it comes to smartphone markets there are two sides to the coin: the highly attractive consumer mentality of Western markets in America and Europe and the sheer numbers of potential customers in India and China. Both are equally viable, but traditionally very few companies have managed to bridge the divide. But those days are numbered. See also: Best Chinese Android phones November 9, 2016 Huawei is a case in point. The company has skyrocketed in popularity, from a company no one in the West could even pronounce the name of a few years ago, to a household name in mobile devices in a number of markets outside of Asia. Huawei is now the world’s third largest smartphone manufacturer behind Samsung and Apple, who have held the top two spots since 2011. The Nexus 6P, Huawei P9, Mate 9 and Huawei Watch have become synonymous with the very best China has to offer. Huawei’s design styling and premium build quality has increasingly helped the company stand out from the Chinese pack. It’s the undeniable quality of Huawei’s products that has helped it appeal to Western audiences in Europe, even if the company still has a long way to go in the U.S.. Huawei, OPPO and Vivo Back in China, Huawei has the largest market share with 16.4 percent, but its position at the top is increasingly under threat from some equally skyrocketing rivals like OPPO and Vivo. Huawei has the safety net of network infrastructure and chipset manufacture for its own devices to rely on, but even that can’t insulate it completely from local handset competition. In 2015, Huawei went from sharing second spot in China with Apple (behind Xiaomi), to a comfortable first place position in 2016 with OPPO and Vivo in second and third place respectively. Huawei reports its shipments grew by 30 percent and its revenue by a staggering 50 percent. But even as Huawei has grown impressively in the last year, OPPO and Vivo have grown exponentially faster. Counterpoint In a year where smartphone market growth was restricted to dingle digits globally, OPPO doubled its Chinese market share in 2016 (from 7.8 percent to 15.5 percent) on the back of the insanely popular OPPO R9. In fact, the R9 was the single most popular device in the country in 2016, selling twice the volume as its closest rival, the Apple iPhone 6s. Vivo enjoyed an only slightly lower level of growth, scooping 13.9 percent of the local market from just 8.4 percent the year before. If the success of Huawei and Xiaomi in years past has taught us anything, it’s that local success breeds international ambitions. We may still be waiting for the rest of Xiaomi’s global rollout to occur, but the company’s U.S. plans have been public for some time now. Following that logic, and the very real possibility that Huawei will be toppled in the domestic market this year, it would be strange if we didn’t see expansionist goals from both OPPO and Vivo. They too may take a few years to happen, but I’d be very surprised not to see a Western mobile landscape with an increasing number of Chinese names in years to come. Counterpoint The next few years Of course, this isn’t to say that South Korea won’t remain the dominant force it has been for years. But for Samsung (and Apple for that matter) to lose some market share to fresh competition can only be healthy for the ecosystem. Just look at the incredible designs coming out of China recently including the Xiaomi Mi Mix and Honor Magic. Huawei even fixed up its previously awful UI. There are of course significant considerations like network compatibility, brand awareness, security concerns, carrier agreements, licensing and patent disputes to contend with, but Huawei is in the midst of showing its local competitors just how good overcoming those barriers can be for the bottom line. Chinese smartphone shipments hit an all-time high in 2016 with double digit growth nationally. That trend is only set to continue as the fight for top spot heats up and more and more of the population get mobile. Even as global smartphone shipments plateau, China is still one of the great, largely-untapped audiences in the world. But when Chinese companies enjoy huge domestic success, suddenly the rest of the world becomes an untapped audience for their wares. And I for one can’t wait for that day. Features News Huawei, China, Oppo, Vivo China, Huawei, Oppo, Vivo Kris Carlon Kris Carlon is a Senior Editor at Android Authority. He is a half-British Australian who lives in Berlin, travels a lot and is always connected to a laptop, phone, smartwatch or tablet (and occasionally a book). Deals 88% Unblock All: Lifetime Subscription $313 $39 88% PureVPN: Lifetime Subscription $597 $69 80% Brain.fm: Lifetime Subscription $199.99 $39 Pay What You Want: Learn to Code 2017 Bundle $1,573.00 $35 Show 9 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Bluetooth Speaker soundguys   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2016 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   Honor 6X International Giveaway! 6 days ago2546 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Latest News   Android emoji – everything you need to know 7 hours ago   Deal: Save $400 off a Moto Z with Hasselblad True Zoom Camera 8 hours ago   Squad Wars: Death Division shoots its way into the Google Play Store 9 hours ago   New & upcoming Android phones (January 2017) 10 hours ago   Two unique new games get very meta by being about smartphones 10 hours ago Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Advertise Newsletter Your source for all things Android! About Contact Advertise Newsletter © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City CES Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City CES Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Apple joins Partnership on AI to hang with likes of Amazon, Google, Microsoft, Facebook By joining the Partnership on AI, Apple is looking to shed the perception that it's a laggard on artificial intelligence and machine learning. ByLarry Dignan for Between the Lines | January 27, 2017 -- 16:24 GMT (08:24 PST) | Topic: Artificial Intelligence Apple is joining the Partnership on AI, a group that aims to create best practices for artificial intelligence, keep an open dialogue with experts, and ponder how society and business can benefit. special feature How to Implement AI and Machine Learning The next wave of IT innovation will be powered by artificial intelligence and machine learning. We look at the ways companies can take advantage of it and how to get started. Read More That's the quick headline, but what's more interesting about Apple joining the Partnership on AI is the company it will keep. Founding members of the Partnership on AI include Amazon, DeepMind, Google, Facebook, IBM, Microsoft, and OpenAI, as well as nonprofit groups such as the ACLU of Massachusetts. At first glance, you wonder if Apple fits in with that group. That initial reaction highlights both the challenge -- perception and reality -- Apple faces in artificial intelligence, deep learning, and automation. Apple recently started talking up AI, but is widely seen as a laggard relative to Google. Also: Apple adds Carnegie Mellon prof to aid AI research Every tech giant in the Partnership on AI has been talking about the technology for years. IBM has Watson. Microsoft is building AI into its cloud. Amazon has Alexa and Amazon Web Services. Facebook uses AI for everything from image classification to personalization. Google's cloud and Android differentiation revolves around AI and machine learning. Richard Windsor, an analyst at Edison Investment Research, said we're near the peak of AI bluster. We are looking for companies that are addressing the three real challenges of AI as it is the solution of these problems that will allow the quality and richness of services to really evolve. Our research finds that it is the search engines, Google, Baidu and Yandex that lead this field because they have been doing it the longest. Everyone else is scrambling as fast as they can to catch up and are making an increasing amount of noise at the same time. We expect to see feverish M&A activity in 2017 as AI currently takes so long to create that many players may feel they have no other choice than to acquire. In comparison, Apple is relatively new to the AI bandwagon. The stakes are high. Now the Partnership on AI gives Apple good optics and maybe a pipeline into research to recruit experts. The official Partnership on AI mission statement goes like this: In support of the mission to benefit people and society, the Partnership on AI intends to conduct research, organize discussions, share insights, provide thought leadership, consult with relevant third parties, respond to questions from the public and media, and create educational material that advance the understanding of AI technologies including machine perception, learning, and automated reasoning. The Partnership on AI will also support best practices, boost awareness to the public, and provide a discussion platform. In other words, the goals to date are a bit mushy, but may work out for Apple. Meanwhile, there are a bevy of other groups focused on AI. The Partnership on AI meets February 3 in what's a crowded market for think tanks. IBM CEO Ginny Rometty recently outlined transparency thoughts for AI. She's not alone. MIT, Harvard, and LinkedIn's Reid Hoffman, among others, joined together for a $27 million fund to ponder the implications of AI. The Obama Administration recently issued a report on AI's impact on jobs, and entities such as Carnegie Mellon, a non-profit backed by tech giants, and IEEE have also sounded off. We'll see what the Partnership on AI and its board, which is loaded with AI luminaries, cooks up going forward. How to implement AI and machine learning: Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Robotics Microbots: Microsoft's multi-pronged robotics play takes shape Artificial Intelligence How will we cope with the AI Chatbot takeover? Artificial Intelligence Oracle preps AI apps, next steps for data cloud Artificial Intelligence IBM adds TensorFlow support to its PowerAI × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Final Cut Pro Diary: A video novice takes the step up from iMovie Trending in Apple How to turn the 2016 MacBook Pro into a Windows gaming machine using the compact Akitio Thunder3 + GTX 1050 Ti [Video] Trending in Apple Smart Home Diary: Getting started with HomeKit Trending in Apple What’s next for iOS? We break down rumored Siri updates, Dark/Theatre Modes, AR features & much more Trending in Apple Opinion: An Apple display with built-in eGPU could be a smart move right now Trending in Apple Hands-on: Turbo charge your MacBook Pro graphics performance with the Akitio Node eGPU over Thunderbolt 3 [Video] January 24 AAPL: 119.97 -0.11 Target planning in-store payments through mobile app this year while still resisting Apple Pay Zac Hall - Jan. 24th 2017 8:23 am PT @apollozac iPhone Apple Pay target View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Target has accepted Apple Pay in its mobile app since Apple’s mobile payment service launched in 2014, but the retailer still doesn’t take Apple Pay in stores. Now Target is planning to introduce its own mobile payment solution later this year which suggests Apple Pay support in stores isn’t coming any time soon. Recode reports that Target is planning to let customers use the retailer’s REDcard debit or credit card through a smartphone app as a payment method later this year. Instead, Target plans to introduce mobile payment features to one or more of its own apps, the retailer’s Chief Information and Digital Officer Michael McNamara told Recode last week at a National Retail Federation conference in New York City. This strategy is similar to what Walmart, another major Apple Pay holdout in the US, has offered rather than adopting contactless payment methods. Chip-enabled debit and credit cards are more secure than traditional cards, but the payment terminals typically make the payment process slower than swiping. Contactless payment methods like Apple Pay can be used by waving an iPhone or Apple Watch near the terminal for a nearly instant transaction and is also more secure than using a traditional card. While Walmart and Target are checking the ‘pay with smartphone’ box with their own services, paying through apps that require scanning barcodes is usually the least convenient payment method especially compared to Apple Pay. Target’s CEO has expressed interest in accepting Apple Pay in stores before, although that was before the 2015 holiday period. When we asked Target for an update on this timeline back in November, the company offered “no updates or new news to share at this time.” Apple Pay adoption by retailers is slowly picking up with 35% of US retailers accepting it at checkout according to Apple, and GAP retail stores are planning to start accepting Apple Pay this year. Guides iPhone View THe Guide Apple Pay Apple Pay is Apple's mobile payments solution first introduced in 2014. View THe Guide target View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Engadget Login Home Gear Gaming Culture Entertainment Science Video Reviews Public Access Buyer's Guide Log in Sign up Show More Results Engadget 3 related articles Login Study shows Uber created some new taxi jobs, but hurt wages ZeniMax now wants $4 billion from Oculus as case goes to jury Nokia's voice assistant is for engineers, not ordering Ubers Latest in Culture Study shows Uber created some new taxi jobs, but hurt wages 7h ago View NASA will use Apollo 1 hatch to honor fallen crew 7h ago View Mark Zuckerberg lightly criticizes Trump order on immigration 8h ago View A whole new low in government trust 10h ago View Image credit: JOSH EDELSON/AFP/Getty Images save Save share Apple joins Amazon, Google and Facebook in AI research group The company is now a founding member of the Partnership on AI. Billy Steele, @wmsteele 16h ago in Business Comments 1724 Shares Share Tweet Share Save JOSH EDELSON/AFP/Getty Images Apple published its first paper on AI last month and now the company is set to join five others in a newly-formed research group. The Partnership on AI announced today that Apple would become its sixth founding member, adding to a lineup that already touts Amazon, Facebook, Google, IBM and Microsoft. The group was first formed last September as a means of supporting research, establishing ethical guidelines and promoting both transparency and privacy when it comes to AI studies. In today's announcement, the Partnership on AI explained that Apple has already been working with the group before it was made official last fall, but now the company is a full member alongside those other tech titans. Part of today's news was also that the group selected its board of trustees that will oversee the initiative. In addition to each member company having a seat on the board, the Partnership on AI also included six independent members from other artificial intelligence organizations, universities and the ACLU. The board is scheduled to meet for the first in early February and we expect to bear more details shortly after. Apple pledged to share some of its AI work in early December before publishing the aforementioned paper a few days later. The typically secretive company showed signs of opening up in the name of improving research efforts around machine learning. That was the latest in a string of recent AI-related moves for Apple as it acquired Seattle-based machine-learning company Turi back in August. In October, it hired Carnegie Mellon computer science professor Russ Salakhutdinov to lead its artificial intelligence research. Via: Bloomberg Source: Partnership on AI In this article: ai, apple, artificialintelligence, business, culture, facebook, google, ibm, microsoft, partnershiponai, robots 1724 Shares Share Tweet Share Save Comments Sign In 4h 4h ago in Space NASA uses pressure-sensitive paint to test its rockets 'Unsteady PSP' helps scientists measure forces on a rocket during wind tunnel tests. By R. Lawler,  4h ago save Save share View 4h 4h ago in Gadgetry Oculus explains how room-scale VR taxes your USB ports You might need a quad channel USB card. By R. Lawler,  4h ago save Save share View 4h 4h ago in AV 'Fully loaded' Kodi box seller pleads not guilty He will face trial charged with circumventing copyright. By R. Lawler,  4h ago save Save share View 6h 6h ago in Medicine Researchers figure out trick to a fruit fly's acrobatic flight The tiny insects are surprisingly buff. By A. Tarantola,  6h ago save Save share View 6h 6h ago in Personal Computing Windows 10 finally displays download progress for purchased apps A smarter name for night mode and a number of accessibility features are in tow, too. By T. Seppala,  6h ago save Save share View More Stories From around the web About About Engadget About Our Ads Advertise Brand Kit Contact Us RSS Feed Sections Reviews Gear Culture Entertainment Gaming Science Public Access Video Podcasts Deals Contribute Public Access Send us a tip! Support International Español 繁體中文 简体中文 日本版 Deutschland UK Apps Android iPhone iPad Join Our Newsletter Subscribe Follow Us © 2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Reprints and Permissions Privacy Policy Terms of Use Trademarks Advertise ear icon eye icon text file
Videos Photos Lists Live Artists Podcasts Pop R&B/Hip-Hop Chart Beat Super Bowl LI Billboard Subscribe Newsletters Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Sundance 2017 News Music Festivals Pop R&B/Hip-Hop Style Country Dance Latin Rock K-Pop Business Pret-a-Reporter Hot 100 Billboard 200 Charts Year-End 2016 Greatest of All Time Artist 100 Spotify + Web Trending 140 Emerging Artists R&B/Hip-Hop Pop Dance/Electronic Country Rock Latin Breaking and Entering Christian/Gospel Holiday Sports International Additional Genres Videos Search Apple Moving International iTunes Business to Ireland 1/27/2017 by Marc Schneider FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ME PRINT COMMENTS Courtesy of Apple           Apple has confirmed earlier discussed plans to move its entire international iTunes business from Luxembourg to its European headquarters in Cork, Ireland starting Feb. 5, according to a note sent to developers this week. The non-U.S. iTunes business consists of Apple Music and the individual stores for iTunes, iBooks and Apps. Internationally, iTunes is available in over 140 countries, while Apple Music is streaming in roughly 115 territories. Apple announced its intentions to move its iTunes biz to Ireland in September when it transferred an estimated $9 billion of iTunes assets. At that time it also shuffled all existing developer contracts to Ireland-based Apple Distribution International. Like Luxembourg, Ireland is known for being a low-tax haven for international businesses. Last month, both Apple and Ireland announced they would appeal a record $14 billion tax bill from the European Commission, which earlier found it had been underpaying tax on profits across the European bloc from 2003 to 2014. Apple today is the biggest private employer in Cork, the Irish Republic's second-largest city, with a workforce exceeding 5,500. Economists estimate Apple's Cork operation pumps around $17 billion annually in salaries, tax and investment into the Irish economy. The Associated Press contributed to this report. FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ME PRINT COMMENTS Comments Magazine Customer Service Subscribe Buy this issue Billboard biz The online extension of Billboard Magazine, billboard.biz is the essential online destination for the music business. Learn More Sharing Billboard Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Instagram Tumblr Pinterest Spotify Newsletter Explore Billboard Shop News Archive Photos Archive Videos Archive Magazine Archive Charts Archive Information Jobs Chart Licensing Billboard Events Contact Us Sitemap FAQ Feedback Lyrics Billboard Backstage Sonicbids © 2017 Billboard. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy About Our Ads Advertising Billboard.com is a member of Billboard Music, a division of Billboard-Hollywood Reporter Media Group
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Final Cut Pro Diary: A video novice takes the step up from iMovie Trending in Apple How to turn the 2016 MacBook Pro into a Windows gaming machine using the compact Akitio Thunder3 + GTX 1050 Ti [Video] Trending in Apple Smart Home Diary: Getting started with HomeKit Trending in Apple What’s next for iOS? We break down rumored Siri updates, Dark/Theatre Modes, AR features & much more Trending in Apple Opinion: An Apple display with built-in eGPU could be a smart move right now Trending in Apple Hands-on: Turbo charge your MacBook Pro graphics performance with the Akitio Node eGPU over Thunderbolt 3 [Video] Yesterday AAPL: 121.95 0.01 How to sync and play music from Apple Watch without iPhone Zac Hall - Jan. 27th 2017 7:51 am PT @apollozac Apple Watch Apple Music How To View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Any Apple Watch can play music without iPhone which is especially useful for outdoor workouts, but you have to decide what music and how you’ll listen ahead of time. It’s fairly simple if you follow the right steps, however, there are a few tricks to make syncing music to Apple Watch easier. For starters, your music needs to be in Apple’s Music app on your iPhone before it can sync to Apple Watch. This includes songs added from Apple Music, purchased from iTunes, and even music you’ve added from other sources … as long as it’s in the iPhone Music app. Music from third-party services like Spotify and Tidal won’t sync to Apple Watch yet. Apple Watch can’t stream music over the Internet like iPhones so the music needs to be downloaded and synced like back in the iPod days. Apple Watch has a limit of 250 songs or 2 GB which you can change in the Watch app on iPhone under Music → Storage Limit. The Watch app on iPhone is also where you will set which music to sync. You can only sync one playlist at a time, however, so you may want to create a new playlist of music that you want to sync ahead of time. Otherwise you can go to the Watch app on iPhone and find Music → Synced Music to select a playlist. My preference is to create a playlist called Apple Watch and add music to it specifically for syncing to Apple Watch. This is a workaround for the limitation of only being able to sync a single playlist and not multiple albums or playlists. You can create a new playlist from the Music app on iPhone by going to Library → Playlist → New Playlist … where you can give your playlist a name like ‘Apple Watch’ (or  WATCH) in my case) followed by an optional description, artwork, and public or private status. From here you can tap Add Music to pick songs and albums to add to your playlist. You can even pull from multiple existing playlists (just keep the song count or storage amount in mind). You can also add music to your playlist after you create it from your library when browsing songs, albums, and artists. Once your playlist is set, head back to the Watch app on iPhone and find Music → Synced Music to select your new playlist. You can update your playlist from your iPhone at any time to change your selection too. Just keep in mind that music won’t sync from iPhone to Apple Watch instantly. Syncing music from iPhone to Apple Watch happens over Wi-Fi when your Apple Watch is charging, and your selected playlist will need to download to your iPhone (which happens automatically after being selected) before it can sync the downloaded music to Apple Watch. If you don’t want to create you own playlist for Apple Watch, Apple Music members can optionally subscribe to playlists that have already been curated. For example, Nike has a nice selection of playlists for runners that updates periodically, and Apple Music’s New Music Mix and For You Mix can be synced (one at a time) to Apple Watch and update weekly. Once you get your music synced to Apple Watch, you need a way to play it. Apple Watch has a low volume speaker for alerts and phone calls, but Apple doesn’t allow you to play music from it. You’ll need to pair wireless headphones over Bluetooth for music playback. Apple’s AirPods work great, and Beats Powerbeats3 and the upcoming BeatsX earphones have the same W1 chip that makes pairing instant, but any Bluetooth headphones will work. AirPods and other W1 earphones should pair with Apple Watch automatically after being paired with iPhone, but other Bluetooth audio needs to be manually paired the first time. Once your Bluetooth headphones are in pairing mode, click the Digital Crown on Apple Watch to find the app launcher, then swipe around to the Settings icon which looks like a gear. Go to Settings → Bluetooth → Devices to find your headphones. Tap the headphones label to prompt pairing. From there, you can swipe up from the watch face to find the AirPlay icon at the bottom of Control Center where you can select your headphones. Apple Watch will require wireless audio to be paired before playing local music from the Music app too. Click the Digital Crown on Apple Watch, then swipe around to the Music app which matches the same app on iPhone. After launching Music on Apple Watch, swipe down to reveal the source toggle that lets you choose to play music from Apple Watch rather than iPhone. Once you make a selection, Apple Watch will prompt you to select an audio source if you haven’t already. From here you can use a fitness app like the Workouts app or Nike+ Run Club to track a workout while playing music directly from Apple Watch without having to strap an iPhone to your arm. Mapping outdoor runs from Apple Watch Series 2 while listening to synced music over AirPods is a far better experience for me than running with an iPhone in my hand or in an arm band. Syncing music to Apple Watch could definitely be a simpler experience in the future, but creating a dedicated playlist for now is probably the best solution for most people. Guides Apple Watch View THe Guide Apple Music Apple's streaming music service View THe Guide How To A collection of tutorials from the 9to5Mac team helping you fix and get the most out of your Mac and iOS devices. View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Tech ‘First Billionaire In Hip Hop’ Dr. Dre Celebrates Beats Headphones Sale To Apple [VIDEO] Giuseppe Macri Tech Editor Giuseppe Macri12:20 PM 05/09/2014      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 4183535 After news broke late Thursday that Apple is working on a $3.2 billion deal to buy Beats Electronics, the developer behind the popular headphones of the same name, company co-founder and hip hop producer Dr. Dre, appeared in a video online and declared himself “the first billionaire in hip hop.” Actor Tyrese Gibson was apparently celebrating with Dre in the producer’s studio following the reports, and posted the video to his Facebook page. “They need to update the Forbes list,” Gibson said in the video referencing the magazine’s list of the world’s richest people, and described Dre as having joined the “billionaire boys club.” “In a big way — understand that,” Dre followed up. “The first billionaire in hip hop.” Though the expletive-rich video appears to show Dre celebrating the deal, he doesn’t explicitly reference or confirm the news. The post has since been taken down, but initially included the caption: “How did I end up in the studio with Dr Dre ON THE night his deal went public that he did with Apple 3.2 BILLION!!!!! The BEATS HEADPHONES JUST CHANGED HIP HOP!!!!!!” WATCH: The New York Times, Wall Street Journal and Financial Times reported the story Thursday citing sources briefed on the talks. Beats by Dre headphones‘ annual sales revenues have reportedly gone up to $1.5 billion since the company was founded with music executive Jimmy Iovine began selling headphones in 2008. The deal would include the new Beats Music streaming service, which Apple is likely acquiring to compete with streaming services like Pandora and Spotify after the company’s iTunes Radio failed to impress the industry. Apple’s revenue growth has declined sharply in recent years, and the company only entered the broadly popular streaming market last year — late because of former CEO Steve Jobs’ reported unfavorable opinion of music subscription services. The company continues to be the largest seller of music downloads, but is losing market share to companies like Amazon. Purchasing Beats would mark Apple’s largest acquisition ever. The headphones retail between about $169.95 to $449.95, depending on model and features, and despite many music and sound industry experts describing their quality as “extraordinarily bad,” the brand has become enormously popular as a fashion item among a younger consumer base, and the popular alternative to standard earbuds models. Beats’ success is due in large part to its wide profit margins – despite the steep prices of the popular bass-heavy headphone models, each individual unit reportedly only costs around $14 to produce. Private equity firm Carlyle Group invested $500 million in Beats last year, and valued the company at more than $1 billion. Neither Apple nor Beats would comment on the deal in the original reports, and the briefed sources said they were still in the negotiation stage. Though the companies have yet to consummate the agreement, and it could still fall through, if things go as planned the official announcement could be made as early as next week. Follow Giuseppe on Twitter and Facebook. Tags: Apple, Beats, Dr. Dre Hide Comments   Show 1147 comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad Mac Watch Apple Watch Guide TV Apple TV guide Download Deals Daily Deals: Wi-Fi camera $40, smart thermostat $65, and more How to jailbreak iOS 10.0-10.2 with yalu102 Apple releases iOS 10.3 beta 1 to developers with Find My AirPods... watchOS 3.2 changelog suggests Theater Mode coming to Apple Watch   skip to main content skip to main menu     Apple officially joins non-profit AI research group as one of the founding members By Christian Zibreg, Jan 27, 2017 Tweet 1 Comment Apple has officially joined the non-profit organization Partnership on AI as a founding member alongside other technology giants like Amazon, Facebook, Google, IBM and Microsoft. Apple has been involved and collaborating with the Partnership on AI since before it was first announced last year and is “thrilled” to formalize its membership, the organization said Friday. According to Bloomberg, joining the non-profit is the latest sign that Apple is opening up more and becoming less secretive when it comes to artificial intelligence. Partnership on AI also announced the inaugural Board of Trustees: Dario Amodei (OpenAI) Subbarao Kambhampati (Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence & ASU) Deirdre Mulligan (UC Berkeley) Carol Rose (American Civil Liberties Union) Eric Sears (MacArthur Foundation) Jason Furman (Peterson Institute of International Economics) Greg Corrado (Google/DeepMind) Tom Gruber (Apple) Ralf Herbrich (Amazon) Eric Horvitz (Microsoft) Yann Lecun (Facebook) Francesca Rossi (IBM) All Board members will share equal voting rights. The first meeting of the Board of Trustees is taking place on Friday, February 3 in San Francisco. Companies like Twitter, Intel and China’s Baidu are yet to become members. Established last September, Partnership on AI says it aims to “conduct research, recommend best AI practices and publish research under an open license.” In December 2016, Apple published its first research paper covering a technique for improving the training of an algorithm’s ability to recognize objects on images using computer-generated images. The move followed Apple’s decision to permit its artificial intelligence and machine learning researchers to cover with colleagues and publicize some of their work and breakthroughs, something it frowned upon in the past. Industry watchers long insisted that Apple’s secretive culture was preventing its researchers from sharing their findings with other machine learning and artificial intelligence experts while hampering its ability to advance Siri and recruit the brightest minds in the field. For more on Apple’s efforts in the fields of advanced artificial intelligence and machine learning research and consumer technologies, read Steven Levy’s in-depth analysis over at Medium’s Backchannel. Source: Partnership on AI via Bloomberg Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Apple publishes its very first AI research paper Apple’s machine learning researchers are now free to publish their findings Amazon’s new grocery store uses artificial intelligence and sensors to eliminate checkout Tim Cook says Apple wants to use AI to boost iPhone battery life Related Topics Apple, Artificial intelligence, News Oscar (kitsune.work) Siri is terrible, so they’ll need all the “help” they can get.   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines How to downgrade (or update) to iOS 10.2 Daily Deals: Wi-Fi camera $40, smart thermostat $65, and more Infuse updated with support for DVD videos, NFS streaming, Library and folder search & more Chrome 56 for Mac released with lower power consumption, performance boost & more Apple officially joins non-profit AI research group as one of the founding members   The latest jailbreak news How to downgrade (or update) to iOS 10.2 ReachBoard lets you peek at your iOS clipboard in the Reachability view Heart Throb lets you favorite pictures in your Photos app with a double tap How to jailbreak iOS 10.0-10.2 with yalu102 iOS 10.2 Yalu jailbreak beta build now available iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2017. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
News Election 2016 Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news US election Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Lifestyle Tech News Ministry of Defence picks iPhone 7 for secret communications because it's popular The Samsung Galaxy Note 4, which came out in 2014, was the original choice Aatif Sulleyman Friday 27 January 2017 22:35 BST Click to follow The Independent Tech BT will modify the handset to make it more secure Reuters The Ministry of Defence (MoD) has decided to use modified iPhone 7s for secretive communications and storing sensitive data. BT has been tasked with ‘hardening’ the handset, to allow military personnel to discuss operations over the phone without fear of being hacked or spied on. Somewhat bizarrely, the Samsung Galaxy Note 4 – a smartphone that came out in 2014 – had been the first choice, but was ruled out by BT for two key reasons: its security credentials weren’t strong enough and the iPhone 7 is already widely used by MoD staff, reports Tech Republic. A number of unusual iPhone bugs have been identified in recent months, including one capable of crashing a handset with emoji. In pictures: Apple iPhone 7 launch event 13 show all In pictures: Apple iPhone 7 launch event 1/13 Apple iPhone 7 launch event Apple Inc CEO Tim Cook discusses the new phone 2/13 Apple iPhone 7 launch event It looks similar to the 6 and 6s. Apple say it is the "most singular, most evolved representation of this design". 3/13 Apple iPhone 7 launch event The iPhone has become a "cultural phenomenon". Over one billion handsets have been sold. 4/13 Apple iPhone 7 launch event There's a new refined design for the iPhone 7. A high gloss finish and a seamless surface between the glass and the aluminium back. 5/13 Apple iPhone 7 launch event The new enclosure is water and dust resistant. 6/13 Apple iPhone 7 launch event It does seem to look a lot like the iPhone 6s. The big changes are slightly rounded edges, the loss of antenna lines, and what looks like a very glossy black colour. 7/13 Apple iPhone 7 launch event Apple Inc CEO Tim Cook discusses the App Store. Reuters 8/13 Apple iPhone 7 launch event Apple Inc CEO Tim Cook discusses Apple in education. Reuters 9/13 Apple iPhone 7 launch event Apple Inc CEO Tim Cook greets Nintendo Creative Fellow Shigeru Miyamoto. Reuters 10/13 Apple iPhone 7 launch event Nintendo Creative Fellow Shigeru Miyamoto announces a Mario Bros game for the iPhone, as a translator stands nearby. Reuters 11/13 Apple iPhone 7 launch event Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks during the Apple launch event at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco, California, USA. EPA 12/13 Apple iPhone 7 launch event The new Watch has a new display that's twice as bright as the existing one. It's brighter than any other Apple screen ever. Reuters 13/13 Apple iPhone 7 launch event Apple Watch "series 2", as it's called, is waterproof up to 50 metres. Reuters Staff will be able to switch the modified iPhone 7 between different modes, depending on the level of the sensitivity of the subject matter. “We've been working very closely with them to develop what we've commonly called a 'dual-persona device',” said Steve Bunn, BT’s technical business manager for defence. “Essentially [it] means you can have voice at official and at secret.” Read more iPhones are less reliable than Android devices, study finds BT is also developing so-called “secure storage containers” for the iPhone, to ensure the safe-keeping of all data. Popular services, such as iCloud and Dropbox will almost certainly be off limits.  Donald Trump’s apparent continued use of his personal Android smartphone, in spite of potentially devastating security risks, has brought the issue of smartphone security into the public eye. The Secret Service issued the President with an encrypted device ahead of his inauguration, but Mr Trump has reportedly managed to hold onto his own phone, which he has been tweeting from. The telecoms company said in a statement: "We would like to clarify that the MoD has not expressed any views about the suitability of dual-persona technology from specific handset/technology vendors and is prototyping a range of devices." More about: Security Iphone BT Ministry of Defence Telecoms Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Mashable We're using cookies to improve your experience. Click Here to find out more. Mashable Mashable Asia Mashable Australia Mashable France Mashable India Mashable UK Sign in Like Follow Follow Mashable see more  > Search Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop More Channels Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop Company About Us Licensing & Reprints Archive Mashable Careers Contact Contact Us Submit News Advertise Advertise Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Apps iPhone / iPad Android Resources Subscriptions Sites Mashable Shop Job Board Social Good Summit Tech Like Follow Follow Apple officially joins the fight against the singularity 808 Shares Share Tweet Share What's This? Apple joins the fight to extend and control AI. Image: MIL pictures/AP By Lance Ulanoff2017-01-27 15:54:42 UTC Artificial Intelligence has another champion and watchdog. Four months after its formation, the Partnership on AI, a group dedicated to tackling AI opportunities and challenges finally, officially welcomed Apple as a member. Tom Gruber, Apple's head of advanced development for Apple's digital assistant, Siri, joined the Partnership on AI's board of Trustees on Friday.  SEE ALSO: How the scary potential of AI brought tech competitors together Gruber joins science, research and AI leaders from a disparate group of companies including Google, Amazon, Microsoft, IBM and DeepMind (part of Google), along with leaders from the ACLU, UC Berkeley and the Association for the Advancement of AI. "We’re glad to see the industry engaging on some of the larger opportunities and concerns created with the advance of machine learning and AI. We believe it’s beneficial to Apple, our customers, and the industry to play an active role in its development and look forward to collaborating with the group to help drive discussion on how to advance AI while protecting the privacy and security of consumers.” said Gruber on the Partnership on AI site. Apple joins as a founding member, even though it wasn't a part of the original group announced back in September. That's because, as the company revealed to me last year, it was already quietly working with the group, though not in an official capacity. That changed on Friday. The work to make sure AI develops in a useful, safe and fair way may be even more important now. It may also be the exact right time for Apple to get involved, since the Partnership on AI hasn't done much since its formation. Its last update was a public statement in October praising the White House Office of Science and Technology's report on the future of artificial intelligence, a document now archived as part of the Obama White House website. At the time, the Partnership on AI applauded the report, adding, "We agree that AI can be a major driver of growth and social progress. Harnessing advances in AI to their fullest potential will involve collaboration by industry, government, and the public on the broader social, legal, and ethical influences of AI." Since then, it's been publicly silent. However, the addition of Apple marks, the group noted in its latest blog post, "a pivotal moment for the Partnership on AI, as we establish a diverse and balanced Board of Trustees that extends and broadens our existing leadership." In addition, a Partnership AI representative told me in an email, "In the months since launch, we’ve been working with colleagues and partners from a range of disciplines to start building out a robust and multi-stakeholder organization. We are pleased that we have now been able to deliver on our promise to have a Board with equal representation between the company Trustees and Independent Trustees." And the work to make sure AI develops in a useful, safe and fair way may be even more important now. When I spoke to Partnership on AI founding member and Microsoft Research Technical Fellow and Managing Director Eric Horvitz last fall, he explained that the risk of inadvertent bias in AI systems is a real concern. “Bias in data can get propagated to machine learning that can lead to bias systems,” Horvitz told me last year. It could, he warned, impact “how racial minorities are handled when it comes to visual perception and facial recognition.” The group had no comment on how the President Donald Trump administration's approach to science might impact their work. The very first meeting of the Partnership on AI's Board of Trustees will take place on Feb. 3 in San Francisco, near where Apple, Facebook and Google are based. After the meeting, a company spokesperson told me, they should announce more details, "including how other people and organizations can participate, as well as the initial program of research and activities." BONUS: VR game uses motion instead of controllers Topics: Apple, Apps and Software, partnership on ai, Tech About Us Jobs Advertise Subscribe Privacy Terms Mashable is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Powered by its own proprietary technology, Mashable is the go-to source for tech, digital culture and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the globe. ©2005-2017 Mashable, Inc. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved. Designed in collaboration with Code & Theory
Continue to Site » ADVERTISEMENT Sign Up Sign In Insurance Networking News Core Systems Analytics Distribution Channels Security & Risk Innovation Voices     Videos Slideshows Newsletters Current Issue Marketplace Resources Dig|In 2017 White Paper Insurance fraud & organized crime See all White Papers eBook Using Digital and Analytics to Reimagine the Underwriting Process See all eBooks Web Seminar How to deliver a great customer experience in the age of digital See all Web Seminars Event Women in Insurance Leadership 2017 OCT 2, 2017 - Chicago, IL See all Events Analytics Apple Said to Join Amazon, Google in AI Research Group By: Alex Webb January 27, 2017 Twitter LinkedIn Facebook Google + Email Comments Print Reprints (Bloomberg) -- Apple Inc. is set to join the Partnership on AI, an artificial intelligence research group that includes Amazon.com Inc., Google, Facebook Inc., International Business Machines Corp. and Microsoft Corp. Apple’s admission into the group could be announced as soon as this week, according to people familiar with the situation. Representatives at Apple and the Partnership on AI declined to comment. When the nonprofit organization was announced in September, it anticipated gaining additional members. Apple, Twitter Inc., Intel Corp. and China’s Baidu Inc. were among noticeable absentees at the time. While the introduction of the Siri virtual assistant in 2011 gave Apple an early presence in AI for consumers, it has since lost ground to rivals such as Google and Amazon. Apple’s penchant for secrecy limited its efforts to improve AI offerings and hire the best talent. That’s because researchers in the field like to publish their findings, something Apple frowned upon in the past. That approach began to change late last year with the hiring of Carnegie Mellon Professor Russ Salakhutdinov and the publishing of its first public AI paper. Joining the Partnership on AI is the latest sign that Apple is opening up more. The group says it aims to “conduct research, recommend best practices, and publish research under an open license." Twitter LinkedIn Facebook Google + Email Comments Print Reprints Next in Analytics ► Verisk Buys Risk Modeling Firm Related Analytics Two-Thirds of Insurers Find Data Quality Lacking, Hampering Analytics Life and annuity carriers were especially discouraged by the quality of their data, says survey. Analytics Verisk Buys Risk Modeling Firm Arium will join Verisks AIR Worldwide business, helping insurers and reinsurers better manage risk across their... Analytics Insurity Buys Valen Analytics The acquisition continues the insurance technology company's aggressive M&A strategy. More in Analytics See All » Analytics 'Citizen Data Scientists' Coming, Powered by Automation Nearly 4 in 10 data science tasks will be automated by 2020, Gartner predicts, making insight more accessible to people who... Analytics The 18 Top Tech and Data Roles Analytics Insurers Seek More Data & Analytics Training Insurance execs are hungry for education on big data and analytics, according to Celent/The Institutes survey. Comments (0) Be the first to comment on this post using the section below. Add Your Comments: Not Registered? You must be registered to post a comment. Click here to register. Already registered? Log in here Please note you must now log in with your email address and password. E-MAIL ADDRESS PASSWORD Remember me SlideshowsSee All » 10 Burning Insurance Tech Questions for 2017 17 Insurtechs to Watch in 2017 Insurance IT Startups Pitch Carriers at Expo MOST POPULAR MOST EMAILED Two-Thirds of Insurers Find Data Quality Lacking, Hampering Analytics Insurance Blockchain Alliance in Europe to Grow This Year The 7 Bridges to Insurance Industry Transformation Tokio Marine to Deploy New Driver Training Platform Grange Insurance Launches Alexa Skill for Amazon Echo Liberty Mutual Plans Telematics Expansion in Two Programs Robotic Process Automation Already Impacting Insurance 17 Insurtechs to Watch in 2017 VideosSee All » Video: Esurance's Nandini Easwar Talks Developing Women in Insurance IT Video: Unum's Lynda Fleury on Insurance Cybersecurity Video: Lincoln Financial's Heather Milligan on Underwriting Challenges Insurance Networking News About Us Advertising/Media Kit Editorial Calendar Contact Us Content Licensing & Reprints Sign Up Customer Service My Account Privacy Statement sourcemedia corporate site banking American Banker Credit Union Journal mortgages National Mortgage News payments PaymentsSource ISO & Agent municipal finance The Bond Buyer capital markets Mergers & Acquisitions Asset Securitization Report accounting Accounting Today Tax Pro Today healthcare technology Health Data Management Insurance Networking News Information Management employee benefits Employee Benefit News Employee Benefit Adviser investment advisory Financial Planning On Wall Street Bank Investment Consultant Money Management Executive © 2017 SourceMedia. All rights reserved. Mobile Version
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Apple's Negotiations with India Could get tangled in Tax Issues from Individual States where Apple sets up Shop | Main | It's Official, Apple moving iTunes International from Luxembourg to Cork Ireland » January 27, 2017 The Digital Assistant War for Home Automation Device Supremacy is about to get Really Heated   "In less than a year, Amazon's combination of the Echo speaker system and the Alexa voice-controlled digital assistant has come close to delivering on the elusive promise of easy-to-use technology that can control gadgets in the home with a few spoken words. Yet Amazon's surprise success with Echo sets up a long-term battle with Apple and Alphabet's Google for primacy in the connected household. And the contours of that competition are following a classic tech industry dynamic," Reuters reports.   "Amazon is pursuing an open-systems approach that allows quick development of many features, while Apple is taking a slower route, asserting more control over the technology in order to assure security and ease-of-use. The strategic importance of the 'connected home' niche looms large: Amazon wants a way to own its customer interactions - mainly shopping online - without an Apple phone or a Google Web browser as an intermediary.  Apple needs to keep the iPhone at the center of customers' lives, and has built a whole home automation architecture, called HomeKit, into its smartphone."   Stephen Nellis reporting for Reuters further noted that "Apple spokeswoman Trudy Muller said the company is leading the industry by being the first to integrate home automation into a major platform with iOS 10. 'The number of HomeKit-compatible accessories continues to grow rapidly with many exciting solutions announced just this month.'    For the smart home, the key developer partners are the makers of household devices ranging from lighting systems to refrigerators. There are currently about 250 devices that are certified to work with Alexa, and Amazon has encouraged rapid development of third-party applications with its open-systems approach and even financial incentives for some partners.   Apple's HomeKit, by contrast, has about 100 certified devices. And the reasons behind that gap show both the risks and the potential rewards of Apple's approach." Read the full Reuters report here as they continue the report showing the two approaches to market Apple and Amazon have, as in one is closed while the other is open.   While the article touched on Google Home using Google Assistant that could be another winner in this category of device driven by digital assistants, others are bound to be entering the market over time such as Samsung who will be introducing their digital assistant 'Bixby' with the release of the galaxy S8. Samsung's Viv based technology will be used in vehicle infotainment systems, home appliances and likely an Echo-like device.   Lastly, Microsoft's digital assistant Cortana will be supported by many Echo-like devices, with one specific one debuting later this year from Harman Kardon as we noted in graphic below from our report last Friday about this very topic.   While Microsoft's CEO Satya Nadella downplayed Microsoft entering the home-automation device market directly due to the Harman Kardon device, a new patent filing surfacing this week proved that Microsoft is at least working on a next-gen type of home-automation device that is far more advanced than the Echo. Our report on this invention will be posted later this morning.(See: A Microsoft Patent Reveals a Highly Advanced Home Automation Device that's Miles ahead of Amazon's Echo)   In the end, Reuters report is interesting and helpful in helping us see how the war for the home is about to get very fierce as tech companies fight for supremacy of the living room / TV room. But the Reuters report limits the war between Android and iOS. Yet the war is going to expand beyond those platforms through to Microsoft's Windows and likely Samsung's Tizen this year and beyond. So there's a long way to go before we see who are going to be the top five system vendors in the U.S. and around the globe.   There's probably more potential here for Apple then their current Apple Watch, so hopefully we'll see rumors turn into facts later this year.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.   Posted by Jack Purcher on January 27, 2017 at 08:37 AM in 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts A Microsoft Patent Reveals a Highly Advanced Home Automation Device that's Miles ahead of Amazon's Echo It's Official, Apple moving iTunes International from Luxembourg to Cork Ireland The Digital Assistant War for Home Automation Device Supremacy is about to get Really Heated Apple's Negotiations with India Could get tangled in Tax Issues from Individual States where Apple sets up Shop Surprisingly Facebook was granted a Patent for 3D Gesturing on a Smartphone earlier this Month Apple Patent Reveals New MacBook Hinge System with Torsion Bar to Provide Variable Cover Resistance Apple is joining the 'Partnership on AI' to Advance Public Understanding of Artificial Intelligence Technologies Hugo Barra Set to Lead Facebook's Virtual Reality Business Apple's Third Major Folding iPhone Invention has come to Light Illustrating a Dual Fold-Out/Fold-In Form Factor Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related, Indoor Mapping Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Final Cut Pro Diary: A video novice takes the step up from iMovie Trending in Apple How to turn the 2016 MacBook Pro into a Windows gaming machine using the compact Akitio Thunder3 + GTX 1050 Ti [Video] Trending in Apple Smart Home Diary: Getting started with HomeKit Trending in Apple What’s next for iOS? We break down rumored Siri updates, Dark/Theatre Modes, AR features & much more Trending in Apple Opinion: An Apple display with built-in eGPU could be a smart move right now Trending in Apple Hands-on: Turbo charge your MacBook Pro graphics performance with the Akitio Node eGPU over Thunderbolt 3 [Video] Yesterday AAPL: 121.95 0.01 Will AAPL return to growth in Q1, or will it report a full 12 months of decline? [Poll] Ben Lovejoy - Jan. 27th 2017 7:13 am PT @benlovejoy AAPL Company poll View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit When Apple announces its sales and revenue figures for the holiday quarter – calendar Q4 2016, Apple’s fiscal Q1 2017 – it will answer one crucial question. Following three straight quarters of year-on-year decline in sales, will the iPhone 7/Plus have been enough to return the company to growth, or will the quarter make it a full 12 months of decline? The numbers to beat are $75.9B revenue and 74.8M iPhones – the record results the company reported a year ago. Apple itself believes it will at least hit the revenue target: the guidance it provided back in October was $76-78B, the lower end of which would just squeeze past that magic $75.9B goal. But the company doesn’t provide estimates of the number of iPhones it expects to sell, so we don’t know for sure whether it expects to beat the 74.8M number. Revenue might be considered a no-brainer. While Apple aims for accuracy in its guidance, it also likes to play safe, so it could be argued that it wouldn’t have forecast a rise in revenue unless it was confident it could be hit. But things are a little different this time around: Apple would be all too aware that the market would have reacted very poorly indeed to the news of predicting a full twelve months of decline, so the company may have decided to hope for the best. We’re hearing mixed expectations from analysts, but the general consensus is an optimistic one, both for this quarter’s results and for the stock’s performance over the next 12 months. However, with one analyst poll expecting the company to come in right at the bottom end of Apple’s guidance, it’s entirely possible that growing service revenue will carry the day, and that the company will hit its revenue goal while still reporting a fourth successive fall in iPhone sales. What’s your view? Please take our poll and share your reasoning in the comments. Take Our Poll Take Our Poll Guides AAPL Company Breaking news from Cupertino. We’ll give you the latest from Apple headquarters and decipher fact from fiction from the rumor mill. View THe Guide poll View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Skip to content [Accesskey '1'] Skip to navigation [Accesskey '2'] Cookies on Pinsent Masons website This website uses cookies to allow us to see how the site is used. The cookies cannot identify you. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with this OK If you want to use the sites without cookies or would like to know more, you can do that here. About Us Services People Events Newsletter Contact Us Media Feedback Pinsent Masons Toggle navigation Search Home Legal info by Topic Property All Property Investment Planning Corporate occupiers Development Town and city centre redevelopment Environment & Climate Change Property litigation Real estate finance Hotels Corporate real estate Housing Structured real estate Private rentals Specialist property investment Litigation & International Arbitration All Litigation & International Arbitration Court procedure Pre-action considerations Limitation Injunctions Litigation funding Alternative dispute resolution and mediation Arbitration and international arbitration Privilege Disclosure, electronic disclosure and document review Settlement Enforcement Negligence Economic torts Judicial review Pensions All Pensions General pensions Advice for employers Financial institution advice Advice for trustees Pensions investments European and international Pensions disputes Public sector unfunded pension schemes EU & Competition All EU & Competition EU and UK competition law Public procurement State aid Regulatory All Regulatory Health & safety Environmental protection Bribery and internal investigations Product liability Inquiries Charity law Intellectual Property All Intellectual Property Copyright Trade marks Designs Patents Database rights Tax All Tax Corporate tax Share plans Employment tax Private wealth tax Property tax Tax Disputes and Investigations International tax VAT and indirect taxes Construction Advisory & Disputes All Construction Advisory & Disputes International construction Construction disputes Construction procurement Banking & Restructuring All Banking & Restructuring Banking Restructuring Financial services regulation Project finance Banking reform Employment All Employment Termination Discipline and Grievances Business sales and outsourcing Discrimination Family friendly Sickness Recruitment Immigration Employment status Employment tribunals and courts Pay and benefits Restraint of trade and contracts Trade unions and employee consultation Corporate All Corporate Private equity General contract and boilerplate Directors' service contracts Directors' duties The company secretary Financial difficulty and insolvency Remuneration of directors Company law and corporate governance Health and safety and corporate manslaughter Investment funds Setting up a business Equity capital markets Takeovers M&A Reorganisations Partnerships Insurance All Insurance Competition law and insurance European developments affecting insurance Insurance law and liability Life insurance Insurance case reports Insurance regulation Retail Distribution Review Reinsurance Insurance brokers and intermediaries TMT & Sourcing All TMT & Sourcing Cloud computing Outsourcing IT disputes EU data protection regulation Data protection and privacy Cybersecurity Freedom of information E-commerce Telecoms Media law Gambling Commercial All Commercial Commercial agents, distribution and franchising Supply of goods and services Consumer protection Supply chain management Advertising and marketing Strategic alliances and collaboration Universities Sports law Projects All Projects Energy and infrastructure finance Projects procurement and contracts Major projects International projects Legal info by Sector Energy All Energy Conventional power Nuclear power Oil and gas Renewables and energy from waste Natural resources Infrastructure All Infrastructure Transport Sport and leisure Education Waste Water and wastewater Core Industries & Markets All Core Industries & Markets Retail Sport Hotels Gambling Housing Public sector Life sciences Universities and higher education Financial Services All Financial Services Banks Private equity Professional services Platforms Insurance and wealth management Private wealth Fintech Payments Advanced Manufacturing & Technology All Advanced Manufacturing & Technology TMT Life sciences Diversified industrial Business services Health Real Estate All Real Estate Filter by regionRegion Europe UK Germany France Turkey Middle East UAE Qatar Turkey Asia Pacific China Central Asia South east Asia Australia Africa Southern Africa Eastern Africa North Africa Western Africa Filter content across the site by region Select regions whose content you would like to see Europe UK Germany France Turkey Asia Pacific China Central Asia South east Asia Australia Middle East UAE Qatar Turkey Africa Southern Africa Eastern Africa North Africa Western Africa View region pages Filter Regions Special Reports One Belt, One Road Special report on oil and gas M&A The business impact of Brexit View more Special Reports About Us About My Out-Law History Editorial policy of Out-Law.com My Out-Law user guide Awards Complaints policy of Out-Law.com Sign in to my account My Out-Law Filter By Region Search Sign up to personalise Sign In About My Out-Law Select regions whose content you would like to see Europe UK Germany France Turkey Asia Pacific China Central Asia South east Asia Australia Middle East UAE Qatar Turkey Africa Southern Africa Eastern Africa North Africa Western Africa View region pages Filter Regions Click here to start your search Topics - EU & Competition Apple files complaints against Qualcomm in China Apple's Chinese subsidiary has filed two complaints against Qualcomm in Beijing, one alleging a violation of China's anti-monopoly law and the other looking to determine the terms of a patent licence between Apple and Qualcomm on cellular standards.27 Jan 2017 EU & Competition Intellectual Property Patents China Asia Pacific Qualcomm has responded with a statement saying that it has not seen the complaints, other than what is given in the Beijing court's press release, but that it will defend its business model. Vice president Don Rosenberg said: "These filings by Apple’s Chinese subsidiary are just part of Apple’s efforts to find ways to pay less for Qualcomm's technology. Apple was offered terms consistent with terms accepted by more than one hundred other Chinese companies and refused to even consider them." "Qualcomm is prepared to defend its business model anywhere in the world. We are proud of our history of contributing our inventions to the development and success of the mobile communications ecosystem," Rosenberg said. Apple is seeking 1 billion yuan ($145 million) in damages under the first lawsuit, Reuters reported. The lawsuits follow a complaint filed by the US Federal Trade Commission on 17 January in which it accused Qualcomm of using anti-competitive tactics to maintain its monopoly of a key semiconductor used in mobile phones. "Qualcomm is the world’s dominant supplier of baseband processors – devices that manage cellular communications in mobile products. The FTC alleges that Qualcomm has used its dominant position as a supplier of certain baseband processors to impose onerous and anticompetitive supply and licensing terms on cell phone manufacturers and to weaken competitors," the FTC said. Qualcomm responded with a statement that said: "The portrayal of facts offered by the FTC as the basis for the agency’s case is significantly flawed. In particular, Qualcomm has never withheld or threatened to withhold chip supply in order to obtain agreement to unfair or unreasonable licensing terms. The FTC’s allegation to the contrary - the central thesis of the complaint - is wrong." Tweet Latest EU And Competition News & Guides BREXIT: 'Limited scope' for amendments to government's Brexit bill, says expert 27 Jan 2017 EU asks for feedback on Amazon proposals for publishers' contracts 25 Jan 2017 German Federal Cartel Office continues fight against over-powerful internet platforms 24 Jan 2017 Guide: Hong Kong's Competition Ordinance Guide: Which contracts do the 2015 Public Contracts Regulations for contracting authorities apply to? Join My Out-Law See only the content that matters to you Tailor Out-Law to your exact needs Save the most useful content for later reading Tailor our weekly eNewsletter to your interests Join My Out-Law Already signed up to My Out-Law? Sign in Pinsent Masons Expertise in EU & Competition Our EU & Competition team of highly experienced and dedicated specialists works exclusively on EU/competition law matters. We provide innovative, business-orientated solutions to clients, while operating within the ever-increasingly complex confines of UK and EU Competition law and regulation. The Group is lauded for being "very client focused and well aware of how to speak to the business community" Chambers & Partners UK More about EU & Competition Guy Lougher Partner View profile More about Pinsent Masons Learn how to fine tune Out-Law to your interests About Us Services People Events Newsletter Contact Us Media Feedback Pinsent Masons Legal Notices Cookies Privacy Site Map Accessibility All News Feeds Subscribe to our RSS feed © Copyright Pinsent Masons LLP
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Here are the 2 reasons Sprint could think Jay Z's Tidal is worth $600 million Nathan McAlone Jan. 23, 2017, 2:03 PM 7,148 facebook linkedin twitter email print Jay ZElsa/Getty Images) On Monday, Sprint announced it had bought a 33% stake in Jay Z's embattled music-streaming service Tidal — for a whopping $200 million, according to Billboard. That would value Tidal at $600 million. This is a huge win for Tidal, which Jay Z bought for $56 million in 2015. While Billboard says he and "each of the company's two dozen artist-owners [like Rihanna] will remain part owners," it seems he's planning an exit from the music-streaming game, with an eventual sale to Sprint. Sprint buying Tidal would be a best-case scenario for Jay Z. Since Jay Z bought Tidal, it has faced accusations that it inflated subscriber numbers (3 million at last count, according to the company), a musical chairs of exec departures, as well as reports that it is hemorrhaging cash. Apple and Samsung had both been tossed around as potential Tidal buyers in the last year, but neither seemed to bite. And the service remains much smaller than competitors like Spotify and Apple Music. All this is not necessarily Jay Z's fault. No one is the music-streaming business appears to be making real profits, even heavyweights like Spotify, Pandora, and presumably Apple. It's a tough business. But the question is, then, why is Sprint buying a big stake in Tidal at such a hefty valuation? How exclusive is exclusive? The best possible answer lies in one word: exclusives. From the start of Jay Z's tenure as owner, Tidal has relied on high-profile exclusives to juice its subscriber numbers. Here's the playbook. First, you get big-name artists to agree to give Tidal an exclusive window for their new album. (It helps that they are likely part owners of the service.) Then you use that to sign up new users and then hope they don’t cancel when the free-trial month is up. Tidal employed this strategy with three high-profile artists in 2016: Rihanna, Kanye West, and Beyoncé. All three made an enormous impact on new downloads for Tidal. You can see just how big that impact was in US data from SurveyMonkey Intelligence, the app analytics platform: Business Insider And though that strategy seems to have been effective in the short-term, there is some evidence that Tidal saw a large drop-off in the following months. In short: many of those subscribers didn't stick around. But still, the exclusives moved the needle, and seem to be the only likely explanation of why Sprint could think Tidal is worth $600 million. Maybe Sprint is betting that exclusives could not only get someone to sign up for a free trial of Tidal, but actually contribute to someone's decision to switch wireless carriers. In the press release, Sprint said its customers would get "unlimited access to exclusive artist content not available anywhere else."  But it's unclear how Sprint could leverage this without destroying value. Rihanna isn't likely to want her next album to be only available on the Sprint network for any period of time — not without some sort of huge deal on top of her presumed Tidal ownership. So when Sprint says that "Tidal and its artists will make exclusive content that will only be available to current and new Sprint customers," it's hard to know how much that could encompass. Will it be a few promo interviews and bonus songs, or conversely, an actual album. The zero-rating question Sprint could also go the route of "zero-rating," that is, letting Sprint customers listen to Tidal on the network free of any data charges.  This would be a boon for Tidal users, particularly for those who use the high-quality streaming option. T-Mobile already lets you stream all major streaming services free through its "binge-on" program, so it's hardly a revolutionary program, and Sprint has done some video zero-rating as well. But it does fit into an emerging tactic by wireless companies to wring money out of media assets they own. The clearest example so far is AT&T with DirecTV Now, its streaming TV service that competes with cable and satellite. If you are an AT&T customer, you can stream DirecTV Now all you want without it counting toward your data cap. Critics say this practice is anti-competitive, but AT&T's argument is that it allows any service to be "zero-rated": they just have to pay for it. The problem with that logic is that when DirecTV is paying AT&T, the company is basically moving money from one pocket to another, while if a service like Netflix were paying the fee, that would be money lost. Sprint could employ a similar strategy with Tidal. It could set a fee for services like Spotify and Apple Music to pay to be exempted from data caps on its plans. Tidal would have to pay too, but again, that money would just be going from one Sprint entity to another (provided Sprint ended up buying Tidal). Even so, it's hard to imagine that Tidal, which has fallen well behind its competitors in terms of subscriber numbers, could be worth 10 times what Jay Z paid for it, at a time when even the marquee names in the business are losing money. SEE ALSO: Spotify is punishing artists who give exclusives to Apple by gutting their placement on Spotify NOW WATCH: Trump signs three executive orders, including a withdrawal from the TPP Loading video... More: Tidal Spotify Apple Music streaming music Jay Z Sprint facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Here are the 2 reasons Sprint could think Jay Z's Tidal is worth $600 million Here are the 2 reasons Sprint could think Jay Z's Tidal is worth $600 million On Monday, Sprint announced it had bought a 33%... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Hockey great 'King Henrik' Lundqvist on growing up in a tiny Swedish town and his dad's advice to 'dream big' Read Lundqvist's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Apple joins Partnership on AI to explore “ethical” artificial intelligence Chris Davies - Jan 27, 2017 1 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Apple has joined the Partnership on AI, adding its name – and its opinions – to the collaboration on artificial intelligence. Named as a founding member today, Apple joins companies like Microsoft, Google, Amazon, IBM, and Facebook among the Partnership’s ranks. Launched back in September 2016, the Partnership on AI was established in an attempt to better understand, and explain, artificial intelligence and the growing role it plays in today’s technology. While initially thought of in broad terms of “super-human” machine intelligences that could beat us at chess while simultaneously solving world hunger, AI in practice has been far more niche but arguably more pervasive in the process. The technology is used from everything from machine learning to spot malware patterns, through photo analysis, to how self-driving vehicles understand the road around them. Though prevalent, it has also led to concerns that AI is neither fully understood nor its consequences prepared for. There have been some efforts to address that. Last December, the White House announced it had been investigating the potential economic impact of AI in a study of its own. That concluded that there would be greater demand for high-skill jobs, but at the same time a reduction in employment for those in more low-end roles. Some have been more enthusiastic than others, meanwhile. Back in 2014, Tesla’s Elon Musk issued an ominous warning that artificial intelligence was “summoning the devil“; the outspoken billionaire later donated millions to AI research. Tesla, of course, has its own AI-style research underway, as its Autopilot system learns from real-world driving and educates its own algorithms. For Apple, it’s a continuation of a more recent shift into the public eye of its AI endeavors. Only last month did the company give its researchers and employees the green light to share the fruits of their efforts publicly in published papers. That was swiftly followed by the first paper on AI from an Apple researcher, on how such machine intelligences might be taught. Today, Apple is known to be looking into the use of AI in a number of ways. That includes building out Siri with more smarts, through to on-device photo processing and analysis, to technologies used in the company’s mysterious – and evolving – car project. Right now it’s still playing its cards close to its chest. “We’re glad to see the industry engaging on some of the larger opportunities and concerns created with the advance of machine learning and AI.” Apple’s Tom Gruber, a trustee at the Partnership, said of today’s news. “We believe it’s beneficial to Apple, our customers, and the industry to play an active role in its development and look forward to collaborating with the group to help drive discussion on how to advance AI while protecting the privacy and security of consumers.” Gruber and the rest of the Board of Trustees will hold their first meeting on February 3, 2017, in San Francisco, the Partnership on AI confirmed today. Shortly after, it says it plans to give more details on exactly what the consortium will do, how others can sign up to it, and what the initial research and activities will be. MORE Partnership on AI Tags AIAppleArtificial Intelligence Must Read Bits & Bytes Nintendo Switch’s simple specs shared: Pro Control or Just No? Apple joins Partnership on AI to explore “ethical” artificial intelligence Samsung Galaxy S8 leaks: Tiny bezels, moved fingerprint sensor, more Google Daydream grabs HTC’s Vive design chief Lenovo X260 Laptop Review: Insanely long battery life Latest Headlines Shazam speeds up song identification with new Android shortcut Jan 27, 2017 Gear Fit Pro trademark hints at new Samsung fitness wearable Jan 27, 2017 Resident Evil 7 biohazard sold 2.5m units in first three days Jan 27, 2017 NASA’s twin study finds notable biological changes after a year in space Jan 27, 2017 KontrolFreek unveils performance gaming clothes for gamers Jan 27, 2017 Latest Reviews Lenovo X260 Laptop Review: Insanely long battery life Jan 25, 2017 Razer BlackWidow Chroma V2 Review: Top Marks Jan 25, 2017 2017 Volkswagen Golf Alltrack Review: The would-be crossover killer Jan 19, 2017 QCY Q29 Wireless Earbuds Review: AirPods on a budget Jan 18, 2017 NVIDIA SHIELD TV Review (Gen2, 2017) Jan 16, 2017 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf How to Choose the Right Web Programming Language to Use Programming How to Choose the Right Web Programming Language to Use Moe Long Get the New Google Pixel Features on Any Phone Android Get the New Google Pixel Features on Any Phone Christian Cawley Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: How to Improve Your MacBook’s Battery Life Mac How to Improve Your MacBook’s Battery Life Khamosh Pathak January 27, 2017 27-01-2017 6 minutes How to Improve Your MacBook’s Battery Life Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email MacBooks get more powerful and thinner every year, but battery life doesn’t improve anywhere near as much as raw performance does. This leaves us in a weird situation. While the current MacBooks are quite powerful, at best they have the same battery life as their predecessors. And sometimes a four-hour battery cycle from a MacBook Pro just isn’t enough. So what can you do? Quite a bit, it turns out. 1. Update to Latest OS It’s being reported that a lot of battery fluctuations and issues have been fixed with the latest macOS Sierra update Apple Fixes the MacBook Pro Battery Life Bug Apple Fixes the MacBook Pro Battery Life Bug Apple claims to have fixed one of the bugs affecting battery life on the MacBook Pro. But it's clearly "a" bug, and not "the" bug. Unfortunately. Read More , when it comes to the 2016 MacBook Pros. So if you’re experiencing battery issues, the first thing to do is to update to the latest software 5 Reasons to Install macOS Sierra Right Now & How to Upgrade 5 Reasons to Install macOS Sierra Right Now & How to Upgrade After a few months of public beta, the latest version of Apple's desktop operating system is ready for prime time. Read More . 2. Check Your Battery Condition If you’re experiencing horrendous battery life, especially if your MacBook dies in under an hour, then your battery might need replacement. After using them for a long time, batteries die out. Most recently, it happened for my MacBook with just under two years of use (thank you AppleCare+). If there’s something seriously wrong with your battery, macOS will tell you. Click the battery icon in the menu bar while holding the Option key. If it says Condition: Normal, everything is A-OK. But if there’s something wrong, it will say Replace soon. That’s your cue to get the Mac to the service station. 3. Switch to Safari, If You Can Seriously, this is the only thing that’s going to give you an instant and significant battery bump. The simple the act of switching to Safari Mac & iOS Users: Why Aren't You Using Safari Yet? Mac & iOS Users: Why Aren't You Using Safari Yet? Apple's browser is now a polished first-party product that's exclusive to Mac and iOS devices. So why aren't you using it? Read More from Chrome can increase your battery life by an hour or two, depending on your usage. While taking the screenshot above, I had two Safari windows and one Chrome window running, yet only Chrome was using significant energy. It was one of the big reasons why I made the switch. Try switching to Safari, it’s a really good browser. You can keep Chrome around for things that don’t work so well on Safari (not a lot). 4. Customize Energy Saver Mode macOS comes with a built-in Energy Saver mode that can help you maximize your Mac’s battery life. In System Preferences, select Energy Saver. From the slider, reduce the time for how long the screen stays on when you’re not using the Mac. Below, make sure the Slightly dim displays when on battery power and Put hard disks to sleep when possible options are checked. It’s also advisable to turn off the Power Nap option that periodically checks for updates for apps and data when your MacBook is closed. 5. Dim Your Screen While this advice doesn’t really hold up for the latest MacBook Pros, the displays on older devices are much less energy efficient. Turning the brightness down on your Retina MacBook Pro can certainly help when it comes to a longer battery life. You can do this using the F1 and F2 keys on the keyboard. You might also want to disable automatic brightness. You can do this by going to System Preferences > Display. 6. Manage Rogue Apps Generally, it’s rogue and resource-intensive apps that eat up battery. What you need to watch out for is if they’re still running when you’re not using them. Practice quitting resource intensive apps you’re not using. Apps like Photoshop, Steam and any games you have installed. To see if any app has gone rogue, open Activity Monitor (from Applications > Utilities) and click on the CPU tab. Here you’ll see apps that are the biggest resource hogs. If an app is taking up an unusually large stake of CPU processes (more than 70 percent), double click on it and select Quit. 7. Clean Your Mac Using an unoptimized Mac 3 Free Apps to Analyze & Inspect Your Mac's Hard Disk Space 3 Free Apps to Analyze & Inspect Your Mac's Hard Disk Space Wondering where all of your Mac's storage has gone? These free apps will let you know. Read More is like driving a car that’s way past its service date. While macOS is generally pretty good at managing its own resources, junk can still develop. The severity of the problem depends on what you do on your Mac. If you’re a programmer and you install a lot of packages on your Mac, only to forget about them down the line, you might have a problem. In any case, when your Mac starts misbehaving and starts draining a lot of battery, it’s a good opportunity to take stock and clean up your Mac. You can do this using a couple of different tools. If you’re running macOS Sierra, use the built-in storage management tool Clean Your Mac's Storage With Sierra or Just Use Automator Clean Your Mac's Storage With Sierra or Just Use Automator Whether you want to increase available storage using the cloud or take matters into your own hands, here's how macOS Sierra can help lighten the load. Read More to clear out huge and unimportant files. You can use a third-party app like CleanMyMac 3 as well. They have a Maintenance section that’s dedicated to improving Mac’s performance and battery health. If you’re looking for free options, look at OnyX. It might look daunting at first but select the things you want to do and let OnyX do its thing (it’s advisable to backup your important files before this). OnyX will run optimization scripts on an OS level and it might just take care of things that have gone wrong on a level that’s not user accessible. 8. Disable the Keyboard Backlight If you routinely work in the dark or you just happen to have the keyboard backlight enabled, you should consider turning them off. You can do that using the F5 key. While the backlit keyboard is a great feature in MacBooks, using it for a long period can mean decreased battery life. 9. Monitor Your Mac’s Battery Life The first step towards change is knowledge. Battery Health is a free menu bar app that monitors your Mac’s battery life and provides you with specific technical information that macOS won’t. The app gives you an overall score of the health of the battery along with its current highest charging capacity. A side effect of installing the app is that it will even provide you with the estimated remaining time for the battery (in various circumstances). Apple recently removed this feature from the Mac because it was quoting unrealistic numbers. Even with Battery Health, I would suggest you use the estimate as just that: an estimate. 10. Turn Off Turbo Boost Turbo Boost is a feature of Intel CPUs which enables a kind of overdrive, all the way up to 11. If you’re using a modern Retina MacBook, your Mac supports the feature (to make sure, look up your model’s specification page on Apple’s web site). If you’re using a 15-inch MacBook Pro, disabling turbo boost has a clear positive effect on the battery life. CPU intensive tasks take a hit. But for general usage, disabling Turbo Boost, even temporarily when you’re in dire circumstances can be of big help. Marco Arment tested this theory by turning off Turbo Boost on his 2015 15-inch MacBook Pro and found that the battery life went up by 25 percent. You can do this using the Turbo Boost Switcher app. Ultimately, It Depends on Your Use If you’re watching full HD movies with the brightness turned all the way up or you’re transcoding videos, your Mac is still going to die on you in 3–4 hours. But in general use, the above tips should help you get more juice out of your current machine. You can also try calibrating your MacBook’s battery. It’s like resetting your battery’s default behavior. Fully charge up your MacBook, then drain it down entirely and then charge it up all the way again. Also, we wouldn’t recommend keeping your MacBook plugged in at all times. Are you having battery issues with your Mac? What steps are you taking to make it better? Share with us in the comments below. Previous PostGot a New Mac? Do This First! 0 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Khamosh Pathak 8 articles Khamosh Pathak is a user defender, technology writer, and a UX designer. Advertisement Latest Giveaways ZTE Axon 7 Review ZTE Axon 7 Review Oculus Touch VR Controllers Review and Bundle Giveaway Oculus Touch VR Controllers Review and Bundle Giveaway Huawei Honor 8 Review Huawei Honor 8 Review Advertisement Trending 10 Video Sites That Are Better Than YouTube Entertainment Internet 10 Video Sites That Are Better Than YouTube Evernote 8.0 Is Here: What’s New and Improved? Productivity Evernote 8.0 Is Here: What’s New and Improved? How to Choose the Right Web Programming Language to Use Programming How to Choose the Right Web Programming Language to Use Advertisement Related Articles 3 Reasons Why the Debt Snowball Beats the Debt Avalanche Finance 3 Reasons Why the Debt Snowball Beats the Debt Avalanche Go With the Snow: Winter Sports and Gaming Gaming Go With the Snow: Winter Sports and Gaming 5 Free Tools to Edit PDF Files Productivity 5 Free Tools to Edit PDF Files Advertisement Latest Deals Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Mail Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets closed S&P 500 2,294.69 -1.99 (-0.09%) Dow 30 20,093.78 -7.13 (-0.04%) Nasdaq 5,660.78 5.61 (0.10%) Alphabet (GOOGL) Misses on Q4 Earnings, Beats Revenues Zacks Equity Research ZacksJanuary 27, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Alphabet GOOGL fourth-quarter earnings of $7.56 missed the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $7.65 due to higher taxes. However, earnings were up 7.1% year over year. Following weaker-than-expected earnings, shares were down more than 2% in after-hours trading. Higher cost of revenue and steeper taxes impacted the quarter’s earnings. Coming to the price performance, over the past one year, shares of Alphabet have been steadily treading higher. The stock returned 19.43% compared with the Zacks categorized Internet Services industry’s gain of 19.39%. View photos On the Other Bets side, most of the businesses included in it are in their early stages. However, it is gradually picking up. Management said that Nest, Fiber and Verily were revenue contributors in the fourth quarter. The main drivers of the Google business haven’t changed. Pricing remains under pressure both on account of the ongoing FX concerns as well as continued strength in mobile and TrueView. Volumes are however encouraging as total paid click growth of 36% remains a reassuring number. Google continues to enjoy strength on the mobile platform. One of the drivers is Accelerated Mobile Pages (AMP). This is being accepted by many publishers and sites around the world covering more than 700,000 domains. Management is focused on driving mobile experiences and the company is well positioned to pick up strong intent-to-buy signals as a result of studying mobile searches from its huge data base. As a result, direct response marketers remain interested in it. Google also mentioned messaging as an important addition to its product line in the form of Allo (mobile messaging) and Duo (video messaging) to further drive user experience. Also, the company said that Google Cloud is generating substantial revenue growth, reflecting the ongoing momentum in the business.  The company has greater control on the browser through Android as well as distribution agreements with Apple (AAPL). But the upcoming threats shouldn’t be ignored. Apple may not renew its agreement, Microsoft MSFT Windows 10 could steal overall search market share, Facebook FB graph search and the social network itself could take away advertising dollars, and Amazon AMZN already takes care of most product searches. Management said that YouTube remains a strong contributor benefiting from the increase in online video consumption. More than a thousand creators are currently engaged with the platform, bringing in a thousand subscribers everyday. And finally, Google platforms like Android, Chrome and Daydream continue to help it draw more users and sell more ads. The Numbers in Detail Revenues Gross total revenue of $26.06 billion grew 16.1% sequentially and 22.2% year over year (up 24% in constant currency or CC). The increase was primarily driven by the strength in Mobile Search, with the ongoing strength in YouTube. Also, strength in newer investment areas and solid progress in Other Bets aided revenue growth. The geographic distribution was as follows: the U.S. generated around 49% of revenues, up 19.8% sequentially. The U.K., with an 8% revenue share was up 10.5% sequentially. Other international markets accounted for the balance, representing sequential increase of 14.1%. Google Segment The segment includes search, advertising, Play, hardware and Cloud & Apps. Read More Coming to the search business, on a sequential basis, revenues from Google-owned sites grew 11.7%, while that from partner sites increased 18.7% resulting in a total advertising revenue growth of 13.0%.Google-owned sitesand partner sites grew 20.3% and 7.0%, respectively, year over year and brought in 69% and 17% of quarterly revenues. Management said that mobile search continued to benefit from improvements in ad formats and delivery initiated in the third quarter of 2015 as well as remained optimistic about search revenue growth on both tablets and desktops. TrueView and DoubleClick Bid Manager were the primary drivers of YouTube revenue although app promotions are becoming bigger contributors. The traditional AdSense benefited from strength in programmatic and AdMob, offset by a decline in the traditional network business. Other revenue was up 39.9% sequentially and 62.0% year over year to just over 13% of fourth quarter revenue. The strength was on account of Play Store sales (apps, content) and cloud revenues. Other Bets Segment Alphabet broke out the segment for the first time in the March quarter of2016. The segment includes Fiber, Verily, Calico, Nest and incubation activities in X Labs. Revenues were up 33.0% sequentially and 74.7% year over year. Since this segment is a combination of several businesses that are in the pre-revenue stage, operating different models and serving diverse end markets, the results are likely to be lumpy in any given quarter.  Total traffic acquisition cost, or TAC (the portion of revenue shared with Google’s partners and amounts paid to distribution partners and others who direct traffic to the Google website) was up 15.9% sequentially and 19.6% year over year. TAC paid out to network partners were up 17.5% sequentially and 7.6% year over year. Mobile search carries higher TAC so the increase in mobile search revenue is driving related TAC according to management. TAC for distribution arrangements was up 13.3% sequentially and 48.3% year over year. Net advertising revenue, excluding TAC was up 12.2% sequentially and 16.8% year over year. Revenue net of TAC came in at $21.22 billion, up 16.1% sequentially and 22.8% year over year. The top line beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $20.58 billion. Margins Gross margin of 59.1% shrank 216 bps sequentially and 251 bps from the year-ago quarter. Price declines remained negative in both sequential and year-over-year comparisons as the mix continued to move toward lower-margin business. Cost per click (CPC) was down a respective 9% and 15% from the previous and year-ago quarters. On a sequential basis, CPC was down 11% on Google sites but remained flat on network sites. On Google sites, CPCs were down 16% from the year-ago quarter, while network CPC declined 19%. Paid clicks grew 20% sequentially and 36% year over year, helped in part by growing volumes of mobile and TrueView ads on YouTube. Google sites did better than Network sites with paid clicks growing 23% and 43%, respectively, from the previous and year-ago quarters. Network paid clicks also increased 6% sequentially and 7% from the year-ago quarter. Operating expenses of $8.76 billion increased 9.8% sequentially and 12.9% from the December quarter of 2015. The operating margin was 25.5%, down 22 bps sequentially but up 425 bps from the year-ago quarter. Non-operating gains were $218 million compared with $278 million in the previous quarter and ($180) million in the Dec 2015 quarter. Alphabet reported net income of $5.33 billion, or 20.5% of sales, compared with $5.06 billion, or 22.5% of sales in the Sep 2016 quarter and $4.92 billion, or 23.1% of sales in the year-ago quarter. GAAP earnings of $7.56 a share were up from $7.25 in the previous quarter and $7.06 in the year-ago quarter. Balance Sheet Alphabet has a solid balance sheet, with cash and short-term investments of around $86.33 billion, up $3.27 billion from the third quarter. The company generated around $9.41 billion of cash from operations in the fourth quarter and spent $3.08 billion on capex, netting a free cash flow of $6.34 billion. Alphabet also spent $662 million on acquisitions and $13 million to repay some debt. Alphabet Inc. Price, Consensus and EPS Surprise   View photos Alphabet Inc. Price, Consensus and EPS Surprise | Alphabet Inc. Quote ZacksRank Alphabet carries a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy). The Best Place to Start Your Stock Search Today, you are invited to download the full list of 220 Zacks Rank #1 ""Strong Buy"" stocks – absolutely free of charge. Since 1988, Zacks Rank #1 stocks have nearly tripled the market, with average gains of +26% per year. Plus, you can access the list of portfolio-killing Zacks Rank #5 ""Strong Sells"" and other private research. See these stocks free >> Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report   Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN): Free Stock Analysis Report   Microsoft Corporation (MSFT): Free Stock Analysis Report   Facebook, Inc. (FB): Free Stock Analysis Report   Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL): Free Stock Analysis Report   To read this article on Zacks.com click here.   Zacks Investment Research Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. Langer statement adds new wrinkle to Donald Trump's claim of voter fraud Angie: Trump gets caught lying again, the age of the internet rules. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 33 Data Disclaimer Help Suggestions
Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumour Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Contact Us The Bitbag Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumors Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Tablet Apple iPad Mini 5 Releasing With Apple Pencil 2–Report By Kiko Antonio https://twitter.com/kikoTBB on January 27 2017 10:40 PM Share Tweet Share Share Email It has been more than a year since Apple released a new iPad Mini. Since 2015, users of the tiny tablet have been clamoring for something new. However, some iPad Mini fans were a bit disappointed of late. Especially when it was rumored earlier that Apple will not be releasing the iPad Mini 5 this year. Now, a new report claims that Apple is due to release the said tablet this March along with the new Apple Pencil. According to Wei Feng, a Chinese news site, a certain Apple supply chain expert predicted that the company will release an update for the Apple Pencil. Furthermore, the said released will be done some time in March. In addition to the Apple Pencil 2, iPad Mini 5 is also said to make an appearance. iPad Mini rumors To date, there have been a lot of rumors regarding the iPad Mini. Initial reports seem to suggest that Apple is already thinking of discontinuing the product. Instead of releasing a new one, the company is said to be planning on replacing it with the iPad Pro. Apple Pencil (via apple.com) Late last year, financial analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, stated that Apple is planning on unveiling a new model for the iPad Pro. This new tablet will have a display size of 10.5 inches while maintaining the same form factor as the 9.7-inch iPad Pro. Furthermore, the specs slated for the new tablet will be similar to the 12.9-inch model. Supposed iPad Pro specs While the medium and bigger-sized iPad Pros will get a hardware upgrade, it would seem that the 9.7-inch version will remain as it is. According to the same claim, this iPad Pro will be targeted for people who are looking for a cheaper tablet. Right now, Apple is keeping a tight lip on anything that has to do with the iPad Pro or the iPad Mini. These claims are mere speculations or educated guesses as to what Apple might decide to do with the iPad Pro. Whether these rumors hold a grain of truth to them or not, consumers still need to practice caution. For more updates on the iPad Pro and iPad Mini 5, be sure to check us out at TheBitbag. ALSO READ: iPhone 8 Rumor Roundup: What to Expect with Apple’s Next iPhone Related Items:Apple iPad Mini 5, Apple Pencil 2, ipad pro Share Tweet Share Share Email Recommended for you Apple, Asus, Lenovo 2016 Roundup: Top 5 Tablets of 2016 iPad Pro 2 Features To Leave Out Headphone Jack And Home Button? Apple To Kill iPad Mini For iPad Pro 2017, Three New iPad Pros In Spring 2017 About the author Kiko Antonio A self-professed tech junkie who writes tech-related stories for TheBitBag. Loves traveling, reading, and making stuff. Full-time practicing Electronics Engineer. Featured Resident Evil 7 Sales Numbers: Capcom Inches In On Resident Evil 5’s Lifetime Sales Tekken 7 DLC: “We Do Not Sell Classic Tekken Characters,” Says Director Rainbow Six Siege: Renown Bonus Event And Free 1 Day Booster After Server Outage The Sims 4 Cheats For City Living, Vampire Mode: Everything You Need To Know Every Bit Of News In One Dynamic Site: The Bitbag is your one-stop source of news, reviews, features, how-tos, and most relevant information on today?s hottest and most trending topics in the world of Tech, Social Media, Entertainment, and Lifestyle. So if you have anything you want discussed, or you?ve got a few hot tips to share, get in touch with us at contact@thebitbag.com. LATEST NEWS Viral: You’ll Never Guess What This Monk Work At Night Buddhist monks are usually a group of people who are seen by many as... Resident Evil 7 Sales Numbers: Capcom Inches In On Resident Evil 5’s Lifetime Sales Resident Evil 7 has already reached 2.5 million sales three days since its release.... Resident Evil 7 Banned Footage Vol. 2 DLC: Magazine Scan Shows First Images For The Daughters, Jack’s 55th Birthday, And 21 Shortly after the launch of Resident Evil 7, Capcom revealed the first set of... Splatoon 2 Special Abilities: All Weapon Skills We Know So Far During the last Nintendo Switch reveals, the Splatoon 2 trailer was released and it... Injustice 2 Characters: Nightwing Not Returning As Damien Wayne Dons Robin Costume After revealing Robin as one of the Injustice 2 characters, NetherRealms has decided to... POPULAR TAGS Pokemon Go Apple Xbox 360 PS3 Microsoft android Xbox One Sony Nintendo iPhone Pokemon ps4 Ubisoft google Samsung Playstation 3 mobile gaming The Division featured no man's sky PC iOS pokemon sun and moon EA Editors Pick facebook playstation 4 fallout 4 Capcom Marvel Stephen Heller iPhone 7 iPad Blizzard Game of Thrones games Pokemon Go Update NBA 2k17 snskid NBA Trade Rumors About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Meet The Team Copyright © 2017 - Tune Media. All right reserved. To Top
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Final Cut Pro Diary: A video novice takes the step up from iMovie Trending in Apple How to turn the 2016 MacBook Pro into a Windows gaming machine using the compact Akitio Thunder3 + GTX 1050 Ti [Video] Trending in Apple Smart Home Diary: Getting started with HomeKit Trending in Apple What’s next for iOS? We break down rumored Siri updates, Dark/Theatre Modes, AR features & much more Trending in Apple Opinion: An Apple display with built-in eGPU could be a smart move right now Trending in Apple Hands-on: Turbo charge your MacBook Pro graphics performance with the Akitio Node eGPU over Thunderbolt 3 [Video] Yesterday AAPL: 121.95 0.01 Apple issues reminder of Q1 2017 earnings call, company optimistic, analysts unsure Ben Lovejoy - Jan. 27th 2017 6:34 am PT @benlovejoy AAPL Company iPhone View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple has issued a reminder of the earnings call for its fiscal Q1 2017 (calendar Q4 2016) financial report. As usual, there will be a live audio webcast of the call. Apple will provide live audio streaming of its FY 17 First Quarter Results Conference Call using Apple’s HTTP Live Streaming (HLS) technology. The live webcast will begin at 2:00 p.m. PST on January 31, 2017, at www.apple.com/investor/earnings-call/ and will also be available for replay for approximately two weeks thereafter. Live audio streaming requires an iPhone, iPad or iPod touch with Safari on iOS 7.0 or later, a Mac with Safari 6.0.5 or later on OS X v10.8.5 or later, or a PC with Microsoft Edge on Windows 10. The big question is whether the launch of the iPhone 7/Plus and the holiday quarter will see a return to growth for the company after three straight quarters of year-on-year decline in sales. Apple’s own guidance suggests it’s expecting good news, while analyst sentiment appears to be mixed … The Financial Times this week polled a total of 53 investment analysts who cover AAPL, and found a clear consensus that the company will outperform the market. Only one analyst rated the stock a ‘sell,’ with ’23’ rating it an ‘out-perform’ and 18 a ‘buy.’ Eleven others were more cautious in labelling it a ‘hold.’ The 43 of them who offered a specific price target for AAPL provided a median of $134 within 12 months, which would represent an increase of almost 10%. However, KGI predicted back in November that iPhone sales would decline by anywhere in the 5-15% range in the last two months of 2016, and Bloomberg reported yesterday that analysts expected a decline in average selling price of the iPhone, hitting Apple’s bottom line. A separate poll of 11 analysts by Zacks had a consensus revenue estimate of $76.93B for the quarter, which would represent 1.39% growth year-on-year – a tiny percentage, but far better than a full year of declining revenue. One strong possibility is that services will prove to be the company’s saviour. It may be that iPhone sales are still down, but growing income from services could compensate, allowing revenue to top that of the same quarter last year. We’ll of course be bringing you the results as soon as they are announced next week, with a live blog of the earnings call. Guides AAPL Company Breaking news from Cupertino. We’ll give you the latest from Apple headquarters and decipher fact from fiction from the rumor mill. View THe Guide iPhone View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub Applications RSS العربية ESP РУС DE FR ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY RTQuestion more live 09:15 GMT, Jan 28, 2017 search Menu mobile News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge In vision In motion RT360 Shows On-Air Talent More HomeBusiness Apple iPhone toppled by local rival in China Published time: 27 Jan, 2017 14:56 Get short URL © NICOLAS ASFOURI / AFP After five years on top, Apple's iPhone is no longer the best-selling smartphone in China, according to research from Counterpoint's Market Monitor. Last year, the Cupertino-based technology giant sold 12 million units, capturing just two percent of all smartphones bought by Chinese users. Read more Age of Apple is over, says Peter Thiel “Apple with slowing traction for its flagship iPhone 6S during last year saw its negative double-digit growth being somewhat offset by relatively healthy demand for the newer flagship iPhone 7 series in Q4 2016,” the research said. The flagship model produced by China’s Oppo Electronics reached sales of almost 17 million units. The brand has rapidly won popularity among the Chinese due to its high-spec low-priced devices sold in brick-and-mortar stores. The report notes that 2016 became a tough year for the iPhone maker in China. Despite smartphone shipments rising six percent over the same period last year, reaching an all-time high, Apple's position is tenuous in the world's second-largest economy. “Apple still remains in a vulnerable position, and there is higher expectation already with the next year flagship which is rumored to be a substantial upgrade from both design and components perspective,” the research says. READ MORE: Apple bets $1bn on Chinese Uber rival Apple has been fighting for the Chinese market for the last several quarters. Greater China revenue dropped 30 percent in the three months to September 24, 2016, against the same period a year ago. © oppo.com The company’s market share in China fell from 14.3 percent in 2015 to 10.4 percent last year, according to Counterpoint. Last year, Apple announced plans to invest $45 million in building a research and development center in Beijing. READ MORE: China’s largest social network launches alternative to Apple App Store On the higher end of the market, iPhones have been squeezed by Huawei in China as well as abroad, while in the mid-tier price range Oppo and Vivo have been aggressively capturing market share. “While the smartphone user base is at an all-time-high and maturing, still the bulk of the popular models are still skewed toward mid-end which puts a cap on growth for players such as Apple,” said Counterpoint. Where to watch Schedule Where to watch Schedule News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge More Live Where to watch In vision In motion RT360 Shows Schedule Business projects Legal disclaimer Privacy policy Feedback About us Vacancies Contact info On-Air Talent RT NEWS APP Android iOS Windows phone Windows 8 العربية Español Русский Deutsch Français ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY Applications RSS facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub © Autonomous Nonprofit Organization “TV-Novosti”, 2005–2017. All rights reserved.
Trending: How to customize your Alexa Flash Briefing Fix Windows 10 with free Microsoft tools Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Nasuni CEO: ‘We’re going to liberate you from the bottleneck around your files’ Self-protection is key to Linux kernel security Face-off: Oracle vs. CA for identity management 5 top IoT security nightmares More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Mobile & Wireless Apple iOS Apple Holic By Jonny Evans |Follow About | Appleholic, (noun), æp·əl-hɑl·ɪk: An imaginative person who thinks about what Apple is doing, why and where it is going. Delivering popular Apple-related news, advice and entertainment since 1999. News Analysis Apple’s Siri chief joins Partnership on A.I. board Company hopes to evangelize consumer privacy and security in A.I. Computerworld | Jan 27, 2017 5:41 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Apple More like this UPDATED: Apple thinks different about A.I., will cooperate with others Google, Amazon, Facebook, IBM and Microsoft are forming an alliance on A.I. --... Apple collaborates with rivals to advance A.I. research Video Mingis on Tech: The iPhone 7, Apple Watch 2 -- and the gadget guy! Following speculation of its plans yesterday, Apple this morning has confirmed it has joined the Partnership on A.I., with the company’s head of advanced development of Siri, Tom Gruber, taking a seat on that organization’s board. Security and standards “We’re glad to see the industry engaging on some of the larger opportunities and concerns created with the advance of machine learning and A.I.,” Gruber says in a statement online. “We believe it’s beneficial to Apple, our customers, and the industry to play an active role in its development and look forward to collaborating with the group to help drive discussion on how to advance AI while protecting the privacy and security of consumers.” The focus on privacy and security in an increasingly connected age looks very unlikely to be a solo mission for Apple. The organization today also announced six new independent board members, who include Carol Rose from the American Civil Liberties Union. Other newly announced board members include: Dario Amodei (OpenAI), Subbarao Kambhampati (Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence & ASU), Deirdre Mulligan (UC Berkeley), Eric Sears (MacArthur Foundation). Jason Furman (Peterson Institute of International Economics). The new board members join Gruber, alongside reps from Google, Amazon, Microsoft, Facebook and IBM. Board members share equal voting rights and the board seeks to reach a balance between corporate and not-for-profit organizations as it works for ways A.I. can “benefit people and society”. Apple involved since the start Despite all the blather from some quarters claiming Apple has not been immersing itself in artificial intelligence research, it seems pretty clear that it has. The Partnership this morning states Apple, “has been involved and collaborating with the Partnership since before it was first announced and is thrilled to formalize its membership alongside Amazon, Facebook, Google/DeepMind, IBM, and Microsoft.” As well as announcing the new board members, the Partnership also revealed that its first full board meeting will take place February 3.  “We expect to announce more details sometime shortly after this meeting, including how other people and organizations can participate and join the Partnership, as well as the initial program of research and activities,” the organisation said. Collaboration is critical As I wrote yesterday, when dealing with technology as potentially disruptive as A.I. it is essential all stakeholders reach some key agreements to guide their future work. Think about employment: We know A.I. will impact employment. Gartner has previously predicted smart robots will take up to a third of existing, mainly unskilled, jobs by 2025. (It won’t just be unskilled jobs – do you need an accountant when a robot can file your tax return for you?). We know governments are unready to manage the societal impact of putting one-third of the population out of work, let alone the potential of this to devastate communities and disrupt family life. While new jobs will certainly be created, how many of them will be created? How will those which are created be distributed? How can soon-to-be-ex-employees secure the help they need to retrain, or even to relocate, for those new opportunities? Answers to these questions have not been reached, but this transformation is happening right here, right now.  These factors, along with the need to protect individuals against repressive surveillance, the need to ensure high levels of security between connected industrial and utility systems, and the need to ensure all the various flavors of A.I. work together underpins the need for groups like the Partnership. That’s even before you begin to address the ethical considerations of A.I.. Who is responsible if a safety robot kills a human to protect whatever it is it thinks it should be protecting? Apple’s decision to work with its competitors on these matters reflects how deeply all parties understand the profound digital transformation unleashed by A.I. will absolutely dwarf that we have seen through the impact of mobile. Mobile was merely a torch; A.I. is a forest fire, and needs to be directed with precision for best results. Google+? If you use social media and happen to be a Google+ user, why not join AppleHolic's Kool Aid Corner community and join the conversation as we pursue the spirit of the New Model Apple? Got a story? Drop me a line via Twitter and let me know. I'd like it if you chose to follow me so I can let you know when I publish fresh reports. To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Apple iOS Mobile & Wireless Digital Transformation Apple Siri Jonny is a freelance writer who has been writing (mainly about Apple and technology) since 1999. Fix Windows 10 problems with these free Microsoft tools You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. What Readers Like China reminds Trump that supercomputing is a race China said it plans to develop a prototype of an exascale supercomputer by the end of this year,... Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis This sortable chart lets you compare dozens of tools for functionality, skill level and more. Why you should start using Google Keep right away Services like Keep, Evernote and Microsoft OneNote are often called "note-taking apps." But they've... BrandPostsLearn more Sponsored by Sennheiser Audio Conferencing Finally Catches the Digital Transformation Wave Sponsored by VMware AirWatch A More Flexible Approach to App Containerization Popular Resources Go Top Stories Intel pursues Moore's Law with plan to make 7-nm chips this year Intel's trying to hang on to Moore's Law as a way to push its chip technology forward, though many... Face-to-face without frustration: The HP Elite Slice for Meeting Rooms The new HP Elite Slice for Meeting Rooms is a modular, compact Windows system that has been specially... At the start: Pat McGovern and the birth of Computerworld What began as a small IT newspaper in 1967 grew into a worldwide publishing empire that has covered the... 50, and proud of it We've come up with a uniquely Computerworld way to celebrate the magazine's golden anniversary, one... Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Use integration, automation, & intelligence to outsmart cybercriminals. Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City CES Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City CES Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan ASUS ZenPad 3S 10, First Take: A premium 9.7-inch Android tablet at an affordable price BySandra Vogel | January 27, 2017 -- 14:04 GMT (06:04 PST) | Topic: Tablets Editors' rating Not yet rated Average user rating Not yet rated Editors' review Specs It's not easy being a tablet maker if Android is your operating system of choice and the premium end of the market are your target, because Apple controls so much of that tablet business. But there is a market, and ASUS, which has produced some very good tablets in the past, is prepared to stick with it. That's good news, as the ZenPad 3S 10 has a lot going for it. The temptation is to compare this latest ASUS tablet with Apple's 9.7-inch iPad Pro. The two devices do share some characteristics, such as a 9.7-inch 1,536-by-2,048-pixel screen, but they're a long way apart in other aspects outside of the obvious OS difference. Take the price, for example: the ZenPad 3S 10 costs £299 (inc. VAT) in its 32GB guise, while a 32GB iPad Pro 9.7 will cost you £549. (Incidentally, $299 buys you a 64GB ZenPad 3S 10 in the US). So let's leave the iPad comparison aside, and concentrate on how the ZenPad 3S 10 fares as an Android tablet, where the key competition is the likes of the Google Pixel C or Samsung Galaxy Tab S2. The 9.7-inch ZenPad 3S 10 has a distinct iPad look about it, but is considerably cheaper than Apple's tablet. Images: ASUS Design and build are very good. There is a small amount of flex in the chassis, but not enough to cause any concern, and the shiny silver trim on both front and back edges makes a neat segue between the white front and the matte-silver metal sides and back (on our review unit). The slight outward curve to the edges is a nice design feature. Top and bottom screen bezels are reasonably sized and make it easy to avoid touching the screen while holding the ZenPad 3S 10 in landscape mode. The bezel along the long edges is, as is usual, narrower. ASUS has kept the ZenPad 3S 10 under 500g, citing its weight as 466g (1.44lbs). It's comfortable to hold in one hand, and measuring 240.5mm by 163.7mm by 7.15mm it stands up well against the Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 (237.3mm x 169.0mm x 5.6mm and 386g) and the Google Pixel C (242mm x 179mm x 7mm and 517g). Top ZDNET Reviews Dell Latitude 11 5000 7.9 Apple iPhone 7 Plus 9.3 Amazon Echo 9.0 Google Pixel XL Phone 8.0 While the ZenPad 3S 10's IPS screen matches the Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 for pixel count and size, it lags behind the Pixel C's 10.2-inch, 1,800-by-2,560 display. Still, ASUS has done a good job here, producing a crisp and colourful display that can be tweaked using the ASUS Splendid app, which lets you apply preset or customised colour settings. This useful app includes a blue light filter (Eye Care mode), for those who use their tablets way into the night. Video watching is particularly enjoyable, and is boosted by a pair of speakers that deliver high-quality audio. Volume and power buttons are on the right side, while the main camera at the back is an 8-megapixel unit capable of 1080p video capture. Image: ASUS There's nothing too surprising about buttons and connectors. Volume and power are on the long right edge, there's a MicroSD card caddy on the long left edge and a 3.5mm audio jack on top. Twin speaker grilles sit on the bottom edge, flanking a USB-C charging/PC connection port. On the bezel beneath the screen there's a physical home button with an integrated fingerprint scanner -- a nice security feature to see in a tablet, which I found worked flawlessly. To its left and right are the usual Android multitasking and back buttons. On the back there's an 8-megapixel camera, while the front camera is at 5-megapixel unit. Both are capable of shooting 1080p video. The bottom edge carries a USB-C port, flanked by a pair of speaker grilles. Image: ASUS ASUS can't help fiddling with the Android experience, and here we have Android 6.0 Marshmallow with ASUS's own ZenUI on top. It's a mixed bag, but there are some real plus points. For example, press and hold on the home screen away from a widget and up pops a manager screen with masses of options for customising the look and feel. ASUS's ZenUI provides plenty of opportunities to customise the Android 6.0 experience. Image: Sandra Vogel/ZDNet Tinkerers will likely really appreciate this and other features like Mobile Manager, which gives details on data usage, releases RAM, lets you block particular notifications and more. Others may find this a relatively heavy-handed approach to skinning that can get in the way as much as it enables. Mobile Manager lets you save power and boost memory, apply various battery modes, manage auto-starting apps, control apps' data usage, block certain notifications and scan for malware. Images: Sandra Vogel/ZDNet There's even an ASUS folder on the Home screen containing 11 apps that have been preinstalled ready for users to enjoy. These, and the ZenUI, consume some of the 32GB of available storage, leaving 23.7GB available for users. While testing the ZenPad 3S 10 I was unable to trouble its MediaTek MT8176 processor whose dual-core 2.1GHz and quad-core 1.7GHz processor array works alongside a 650MHz IMG GX6250 GPU and 4GB of RAM. However, ASUS's ten-hour battery life claim for the 22Wh battery seems optimistic. Under heavy workloads, including media streaming and gaming, I got around 7 hours from a full charge. Unfortunately ASUS doesn't bundle the charger that can administer power quickly via Qualcomm Quick Charge 3.0. There's a lot to like about the ASUS ZenPad 3S 10, not least its excellent IPS screen and capable processor. In combination they make this a great tablet for gaming, YouTube, catch-up TV and other visual-rich activities. Battery life lets things down a bit, but it's not a deal-breaker by any means. Read more reviews Hands on with the Meizu M5 Note, fast, stylish and affordable Hands-on with Pixie Points: A fun, interactive accessory that uses AR to find lost items OnePlus 3T review: An excellent affordable Android handset gets even better ASUS ZenBook 3 UX390UA review: Great design and build, but some details disappoint Specifications Display Display Type 9.7" IPS TFT - LED backlight Touchscreen Multi-Touch Multi-Touch Display Yes LCD Backlight Technology LED backlight Technology TFT active matrix TFT Technology IPS Native Resolution 2048 x 1536 Miscellaneous Features AptX technology, DTS HD Premium Sound Color silver Color Category silver Case Material aluminum Processor Number of Cores 6-core 64-bit Computing Yes Manufacturer MediaTek Memory Storage 32 GB RAM 4 GB Communications Wireless Protocol 802.11a/b/g/n/ac, Bluetooth 4.2 Security Protocols & Features Wi-Fi Miracast Camera HD Video Recording 1080p Features PixelMaster camera Networking Wireless Connectivity Bluetooth 4.2, IEEE 802.11a, IEEE 802.11ac, IEEE 802.11b, IEEE 802.11g, IEEE 802.11n Multimedia Audio Microphone , stereo speakers Header Brand ASUS Packaged Quantity 1 Expansion and Connectivity Expansion Slots 1 x microSDXC Interfaces 1 x headset 1 x USB-C System Platform Android Handheld Type tablet Card Reader Slots (for SD) microSD slot Supported Flash Memory Cards microSD, microSDHC, microSDXC Flash Memory Cards Max Supported Capacity 128 GB Digital Camera Cameras (for SD) rear camera + front camera Rear-facing Camera Yes HD Video Recording 1080p Features PixelMaster camera Audio Output Type stereo speakers Audio Input Type microphone Power Device Type power adapter Nominal Voltage AC 120/230 V GPS System Navigation GPS/GLONASS receiver Expansion Slots Type microSDXC Total Qty 1 Interface Provided Interface USB-C, headset Qty 1 Cable Details Type USB cable Topics: Tablets, Hardware, Mobility, Reviews Where To Buy Amazon.com $299.00 Amazon Marketplace $340.60 Adorama $299.00 Top ZDNET Reviews Poof pet activity tracker 3.5 Meizu M5 Note Android smartphone 8.3 Pixie Points First Take OnePlus 3T 9 Kick off your day with ZDNet's daily email newsletter. It's the freshest tech news and opinion, served hot. Get it. User Reviews Powered by Livefyre Add your Review Where To Buy ASUS ZenPad 3S 10 Z500M (silver) Part Number: Z500M-C1-SL Amazon.com $299.00 See It Amazon Marketplace $340.60 See It Adorama $299.00 See It Related Stories Reviews Poof pet activity tracker-a well built device but the app needs work Reviews Hands on with the Meizu M5 Note, a fast, stylish and affordable phone Reviews Hands-on with Pixie Points: A fun, interactive accessory that uses AR to find lost items × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: How Intel Corporation Can Strengthen Its Relationship With Apple Inc. Inclusion of a key feature in future cellular modems could help Apple rely less on Qualcomm, a company it just launched litigation against. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Jan 27, 2017 at 8:21AM With the Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhone 7, microprocessor giant Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) scored a lucky break, winning a significant portion of the cellular modem orders for Apple's latest handsets -- arguably the highest-profile smartphone win that Intel has ever enjoyed. Image source: Apple.  Intel cellular modem chips, branded the XMM 7360, are found inside versions of the iPhone 7 devices used on networks that don't implement the CDMA cellular standard. Chips from rival Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM) are found in the iPhone models used on CDMA networks, as Intel's chips currently don't implement CDMA. Back in late 2015, Intel purchased the CDMA chipset assets from a company called VIA Telecom,  presumably in a bid to allow the former to build chips that could address the entirety of Apple's cellular modem needs. Though Qualcomm is widely believed to build superior modems to what Intel produces, Apple recently filed a lawsuit against Qualcomm alleging, among other things, that "Qualcomm has charged Apple a monopolistic premium for access to CDMA chipsets that are in all other aspects identical to chipsets sold to Apple without CDMA functionality enabled. ... Qualcomm has used its monopoly power in CDMA chipsets to obtain anticompetitive license and chipset supply terms," the complaint filed on Jan. 20 read. I'll be writing more on the lawsuit in the coming days and today there is an observation I would like to share regarding Apple, Intel, Qualcomm, and CDMA iPhones. Apple's component costs could come down if Intel succeeds in implementing CDMA Based on this complaint, we now know that Qualcomm charges Apple more for the same exact cellular modems with CDMA enabled compared to versions without CDMA enabled. This isn't an unusual practice in the semiconductor industry; companies like Intel routinely charge more for identical chips but with certain features enabled, compared with variants without those features enabled. This is plain old product segmentation at work. Image source: Qualcomm.  What's interesting is that Apple is complaining that, because Qualcomm essentially has no viable competition for its CDMA-enabled modems, it is charging a "monopolistic premium." The magnitude of this premium isn't clear, but it's clear that Apple isn't happy about having to pay it, and therein lies the opportunity for Intel. If Intel can develop a commercially viable LTE modem that also supports CDMA (and is certified on all of the major CDMA networks) using those VIA Telecom assets, then this would open the door to a couple of possibilities: Intel could win more than just the non-CDMA iPhones. It could be a true "second source" for all the iPhones that Apple ships. This could potentially boost Intel's share at Apple, to Intel's benefit (and to Qualcomm's detriment). Apple could be able to get cheaper CDMA modems from Qualcomm. Even if Apple doesn't increase the proportion of total modems that it purchases from Intel, the fact that Intel and Qualcomm parts would be viable for all iPhone models could help reduce the average price that Apple pays per cellular modem. Net-net, Intel's becoming a stronger cellular modem provider would mean that Apple should, in general, pay less for modems. This could help modestly improve Apple's gross profit margin and, ultimately, net profit. To put this into perspective, in the complaint, Apple says that LTE modems sell for between $10 and $20. Let's suppose that Apple must pay $15 for the non-CDMA Qualcomm chips and then $20 for the CDMA-capable Qualcomm chips -- though with the iPhone 7, Apple doesn't appear to be buying any non-CDMA Qualcomm chips; the non-CDMA iPhones now use Intel. If Apple can get that $20 figure down to $15 in the presence of a viable alternative from Intel, then that's $5 saved across potentially 100 million or more iPhone models sold in a year. That $5 figure is for illustrative purposes only, as I have no clue what the actual delta is, but multiplied across the volumes that Apple sells, the savings Apple could potentially realize are significant. Intel needs to execute The key to all of this is for Intel to execute to building increasingly competitive cellular modems. If Intel can, then that's obviously a positive for Intel, as an opportunity to sell more modems, and an opportunity for Apple, in the form of cheaper modems. The loser, if Intel can supply more of Apple's volume -- whether or not it actually does -- would be Qualcomm, as at the very least it could see the premium that it enjoys from the sale of CDMA-capable LTE modems evaporate. In the scheme of things, though, losing a bit more Apple chip business probably isn't going to sting Qualcomm that much. After all, Intel grabbed a bunch of iPhone share this cycle, yet Qualcomm's chip business appears to be on the right track. Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Jan 27, 2017 at 8:21AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $121.95 up $0.01 (0.01%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $37.98 up $0.42 (1.12%) Qualcomm NASDAQ:QCOM $54.24 up $0.19 (0.35%) Read More Why 2017 Will Be the Year of the Virtual Assistant What Investors Should Expect When Intel Corp. Reports Fourth-Quarter Earnings Welcome Back, Apple TV Speculation Bad News for Apple: Plenty of People Think the iPhone 6s Is Good Enough PC Systems Lifted Intel Corp.'s Fourth-Quarter Profits Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current How Intel Corporation Can Strengthen Its Relationship With Apple Inc. @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $INTC, $QCOM
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK Begorrah — Apple will move its entire international iTunes business to Ireland International HQ will move from one tax haven to another. Tom Mendelsohn (UK) - Jan 27, 2017 2:06 pm UTC Steve Rhodes reader comments 101 Share this story Apple is moving its international iTunes business assets from Luxembourg to Ireland at the start of next month. From February 5, the non-US side of its business, including the iTunes Store, Apple Music, the App Store, and the iBooks Store, will operate from its European HQ in Cork, according to a note sent out to developers yesterday. The move isn't coming as a total surprise; Apple first announced its intentions in September, and it transferred an estimated $9 billion (£7.2 billion) of iTunes assets at the same time, as well as moving all developer contracts to Apple Distribution International, one of its two main Irish companies. In effect, Apple is moving its subsidiaries from one low-tax European haven to another, in what could be construed as a careful slight to top EU politicians. In August, Ireland was ordered by the EU to collect an additional €13bn (£10.8bn) in taxes from Apple. The country was accused of offering the tech giant a sweetheart deal with an effective tax rate as low as 0.005 percent, which the EU insists is anticompetitive for the tax systems of its other member nations and could even amount to illegal state aid. Further ReadingTim Cook accused of “disrespecting” Ireland after shunning committee inviteBoth Apple and Ireland have vowed to challenge the ruling, though CEO Tim Cook didn't turn up for a recent meeting with the Irish government to discuss the issue. Apple employs around 5,500 people in Cork and last year announced it would expand that number by around a thousand. The company is also in the process of building an €850 million (£725 million) data centre in Athenry, which would underpin both iTunes and iCloud—though this project is currently being held up by various legal challenges. This post originated on Ars Technica UK Tom Mendelsohn Tom is Ars Technica UK's Contributing Sub Editor. Descriptivist, not prescriptivist. Email tom.mendelsohn@arstechnica.co.uk // Twitter @Tom_Mendelsohn reader comments 101 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News CES 2017 Crunch Report Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team 10th Annual Crunchies AwardsTicket Prices For The Crunchies Increase In Just 5 Days Get Yours Today Artificial Intelligence Apple aims to up its AI smarts with iCloud user data in iOS 10.3 H2O’s Deep Water puts deep learning in the hands of enterprise users Jiobit finds $3 million for kid trackers that work indoors, not just at the park Browse more... Apple Crunch Report | Galaxy S8 Coming in March Apple aims to up its AI smarts with iCloud user data in iOS 10.3 iOS developers are switching to Swift according to this Upwork study Browse more... Partnership on AI Can AI dominate the web industry and other domains? Browse more... Apple joins Amazon, Facebook, Google, IBM and Microsoft in AI initiative Posted 19 hours ago by Romain Dillet (@romaindillet) 0 SHARES Next Story Alibaba’s Ant Financial is buying MoneyGram for $880M to expand its global presence Following Bloomberg’s report, the Partnership on AI to Benefit People and Society (what a name) officially announced that Apple is joining other tech companies as a founding member of the AI initiative. Companies will work on research projects, AI best practices and more. The Partnership on AI was officially unveiled back in September 2016. At the time, Amazon, Facebook, Google, IBM and Microsoft were the only founding members. Apple, Twitter, Intel and Baidu didn’t participate in the initiative. But Apple was already enthusiastic about the project, so today’s news is more about formalizing the company’s involvement. Siri co-founder and CTO Tom Gruber is going to represent Apple. You can find the full board of trustees on the partnership’s website. In other news, six independent individuals are also joining the board based on their past achievements when it comes to AI. Dario Amodei (OpenAI), Subbarao Kambhampati (Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence & ASU), Deirdre Mulligan (UC Berkeley), Carol Rose (American Civil Liberties Union), Eric Sears (MacArthur Foundation) and Jason Furman (Peterson Institute of International Economics) will participate in the discussions. While the Partnership on AI has yet to clarify its areas of work, you can expect to see research papers on AI. The companies could write about ethics, inclusivity and privacy as these are hot topics. The first meeting is taking place on February 3rd. Artificial intelligence is great, but it needs some ethical supervision in order to benefit everyone. The Partnership on AI could also be a great lobbying tool, proving that tech companies are acting responsibly. It’s a good way to win everyone’s trust. Finally, Apple couldn’t miss out on this opportunity if it wants to hire some of the best AI engineers. Apple shows that it has a seat at the AI table. That’s why engineers working for the company also published a research paper. Now that it’s getting more competitive to hire the best AI talent, these signs are becoming increasingly relevant. 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Apple Founded 1976 Overview Apple is a multinational corporation that designs, manufactures, and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, portable digital music players, and sells a variety of related software, services, peripherals, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. Apple provides many products and services, including iPhone; iPad; iPod; Mac; Apple TV; a portfolio … Location Cupertino, CA Categories Consumer Electronics, Retail, Hardware, Software, Electronics Website http://www.apple.com Full profile for Apple Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS » Latest Crunch Report Galaxy S8 Coming in March | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes Apple Partnership on AI Artificial Intelligence Popular Posts Featured Stories Galaxy S8 Coming in March | Crunch Report VIDEO | 3:45 | Crunch Report Weekly Roundup: AppDynamics sells to Cisco ahead of IPO, CZI buys Meta 12 hours ago | Anna Escher Apple aims to up its AI smarts with iCloud user data in iOS 10.3 17 hours ago | Natasha Lomas Trump’s manufacturing council includes Elon Musk, Michael Dell and Mark Fields 17 hours ago | Darrell Etherington Alphabet’s bets beyond search are starting to pay off yesterday | Matthew Lynley Latest From TechCrunch Crunch Report | Galaxy S8 Coming in March 5 hours ago | Khaled "Tito" Hamze Snap will reportedly file publicly for its massive IPO late next week 8 hours ago | Matthew Lynley Twitter releases national security letters 9 hours ago | Kate Conger Zuckerberg defends immigrants threatened by Trump 10 hours ago | Josh Constine Comment moderation powered by Up Next Alibaba’s Ant Financial is buying MoneyGram for $880M to expand its global presence Posted 21 hours ago CrunchBoard Job Listings Senior Developer - 41399BR at Harvard University - Faculty of Arts and Sciences (Cambridge, MA, United States) Engineer: Client Support Center at Target (Brooklyn Park, MN, United States) Product Manager at Calldorado (Kongens Lyngby (Copenhagen), Denmark) IT Infrastructure Manager (m/f) at eGym GmbH (München, Deutschland; Berlin, Deutschland) Digital Strategies Manager at Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices Carolinas Realty (Charlotte, NC, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Event & Editorial Calendar Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News CES 2017 Crunch Report All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Crunch Report | Galaxy S8 Coming in March 5 hours ago by Khaled "Tito" Hamze Snap will reportedly file publicly for its massive IPO late next week 8 hours ago by Matthew Lynley Twitter releases national security letters 9 hours ago by Kate Conger Zuckerberg defends immigrants threatened by Trump 10 hours ago by Josh Constine Rogue National Park Service Twitter account says it’s no longer run by government employees…but maybe it never was 10 hours ago by Sarah Perez Leapfrogging in higher ed 11 hours ago by Hunt Lambert, Pete Wheelan Weekly Roundup: AppDynamics sells to Cisco ahead of IPO, CZI buys Meta 12 hours ago by Anna Escher Silicon Valley’s false feminist idol finally makes a peep 12 hours ago by Taylor Hatmaker Netgear’s Orbi might be the best Wi-Fi router I’ve ever used 13 hours ago by John Biggs Alexa scores some Super Bowl skills for next week’s big game 13 hours ago by Brian Heater
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: How Intel Corporation Can Strengthen Its Relationship With Apple Inc. Inclusion of a key feature in future cellular modems could help Apple rely less on Qualcomm, a company it just launched litigation against. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Jan 27, 2017 at 8:21AM With the Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhone 7, microprocessor giant Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) scored a lucky break, winning a significant portion of the cellular modem orders for Apple's latest handsets -- arguably the highest-profile smartphone win that Intel has ever enjoyed. Image source: Apple.  Intel cellular modem chips, branded the XMM 7360, are found inside versions of the iPhone 7 devices used on networks that don't implement the CDMA cellular standard. Chips from rival Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM) are found in the iPhone models used on CDMA networks, as Intel's chips currently don't implement CDMA. Back in late 2015, Intel purchased the CDMA chipset assets from a company called VIA Telecom,  presumably in a bid to allow the former to build chips that could address the entirety of Apple's cellular modem needs. Though Qualcomm is widely believed to build superior modems to what Intel produces, Apple recently filed a lawsuit against Qualcomm alleging, among other things, that "Qualcomm has charged Apple a monopolistic premium for access to CDMA chipsets that are in all other aspects identical to chipsets sold to Apple without CDMA functionality enabled. ... Qualcomm has used its monopoly power in CDMA chipsets to obtain anticompetitive license and chipset supply terms," the complaint filed on Jan. 20 read. I'll be writing more on the lawsuit in the coming days and today there is an observation I would like to share regarding Apple, Intel, Qualcomm, and CDMA iPhones. Apple's component costs could come down if Intel succeeds in implementing CDMA Based on this complaint, we now know that Qualcomm charges Apple more for the same exact cellular modems with CDMA enabled compared to versions without CDMA enabled. This isn't an unusual practice in the semiconductor industry; companies like Intel routinely charge more for identical chips but with certain features enabled, compared with variants without those features enabled. This is plain old product segmentation at work. Image source: Qualcomm.  What's interesting is that Apple is complaining that, because Qualcomm essentially has no viable competition for its CDMA-enabled modems, it is charging a "monopolistic premium." The magnitude of this premium isn't clear, but it's clear that Apple isn't happy about having to pay it, and therein lies the opportunity for Intel. If Intel can develop a commercially viable LTE modem that also supports CDMA (and is certified on all of the major CDMA networks) using those VIA Telecom assets, then this would open the door to a couple of possibilities: Intel could win more than just the non-CDMA iPhones. It could be a true "second source" for all the iPhones that Apple ships. This could potentially boost Intel's share at Apple, to Intel's benefit (and to Qualcomm's detriment). Apple could be able to get cheaper CDMA modems from Qualcomm. Even if Apple doesn't increase the proportion of total modems that it purchases from Intel, the fact that Intel and Qualcomm parts would be viable for all iPhone models could help reduce the average price that Apple pays per cellular modem. Net-net, Intel's becoming a stronger cellular modem provider would mean that Apple should, in general, pay less for modems. This could help modestly improve Apple's gross profit margin and, ultimately, net profit. To put this into perspective, in the complaint, Apple says that LTE modems sell for between $10 and $20. Let's suppose that Apple must pay $15 for the non-CDMA Qualcomm chips and then $20 for the CDMA-capable Qualcomm chips -- though with the iPhone 7, Apple doesn't appear to be buying any non-CDMA Qualcomm chips; the non-CDMA iPhones now use Intel. If Apple can get that $20 figure down to $15 in the presence of a viable alternative from Intel, then that's $5 saved across potentially 100 million or more iPhone models sold in a year. That $5 figure is for illustrative purposes only, as I have no clue what the actual delta is, but multiplied across the volumes that Apple sells, the savings Apple could potentially realize are significant. Intel needs to execute The key to all of this is for Intel to execute to building increasingly competitive cellular modems. If Intel can, then that's obviously a positive for Intel, as an opportunity to sell more modems, and an opportunity for Apple, in the form of cheaper modems. The loser, if Intel can supply more of Apple's volume -- whether or not it actually does -- would be Qualcomm, as at the very least it could see the premium that it enjoys from the sale of CDMA-capable LTE modems evaporate. In the scheme of things, though, losing a bit more Apple chip business probably isn't going to sting Qualcomm that much. After all, Intel grabbed a bunch of iPhone share this cycle, yet Qualcomm's chip business appears to be on the right track. Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Jan 27, 2017 at 8:21AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $121.95 up $0.01 (0.01%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $37.98 up $0.42 (1.12%) Qualcomm NASDAQ:QCOM $54.24 up $0.19 (0.35%) Read More Why 2017 Will Be the Year of the Virtual Assistant What Investors Should Expect When Intel Corp. Reports Fourth-Quarter Earnings Welcome Back, Apple TV Speculation Bad News for Apple: Plenty of People Think the iPhone 6s Is Good Enough PC Systems Lifted Intel Corp.'s Fourth-Quarter Profits Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current How Intel Corporation Can Strengthen Its Relationship With Apple Inc. @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $INTC, $QCOM
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Surprisingly Facebook was granted a Patent for 3D Gesturing on a Smartphone earlier this Month | Main | The Digital Assistant War for Home Automation Device Supremacy is about to get Really Heated » January 27, 2017 Apple's Negotiations with India Could get tangled in Tax Issues from Individual States where Apple sets up Shop   Patently Apple posted a report on Wednesday that stated that the negotiations between Apple and the Indian government were positive. The report further noted that a top bureaucrat who works closely with Prime Minister Narendra Modi said the government's intention was to "settle with Apple." Apple is reportedly seeking a 15-year tax holiday on imports of components and equipment, the official said. But a new report from India is trying to present an opposing view that it's not going to be that easy for a deal to be made.   While I believe that Indian Prime Minister could cut the red tape to finalize a deal with Apple, the Indian press really wants to put a negative spin the talks.     The snag, according to the India Times, is getting the Indian states to come on board the deal. The report notes that Apple's key demand is predictability and certainty of countervailing duty (CVD) exemption, which will require the support of the states Apple's plant (and stores) would be located and that will require the support of states as the country adopts goods and services tax (GST) in the financial year. Imports will then face integrated GST in place of countervailing duty, which is levied I lieu of central excise duty.   Apple wants an assurance on CVD exemption as the government removed it for a number of components last year and they're concerned that this list may further expand in the coming years. An official stated that "They want predictability and certainty in tax regime as any mid-term tax shock can topple all their financial calculations."   Apple is keen on clarity in CVD exemption as its component makers may not set up shop in India immediately and it may have to rely on imports for some time. Any exemptions allowed would have to be available to all device manufacturers, not just Apple.   In the end Apple is saying that they won't have their supply chain in place for some time and they need the Indian government to understand that and give them the tax breaks needed to ensure that the cost of making iPhones in India is predictable.   When you think of all the hoops that India is making Apple jump through to open a plant for a tiny middle class at present, it's simple to understand why opening a plant in the U.S. is the right thing for America who will be lowering taxes, giving Apple a tax holiday to bring home their $230 billion and more. If Apple doesn't have a supply chain in India and has to create one there, they could do the same in the U.S. to kill that argument.   To learn more about the nitty-gritty details being discussed in India, read the full report Indian report here.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.         Posted by Jack Purcher on January 27, 2017 at 06:38 AM | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts A Microsoft Patent Reveals a Highly Advanced Home Automation Device that's Miles ahead of Amazon's Echo It's Official, Apple moving iTunes International from Luxembourg to Cork Ireland The Digital Assistant War for Home Automation Device Supremacy is about to get Really Heated Apple's Negotiations with India Could get tangled in Tax Issues from Individual States where Apple sets up Shop Surprisingly Facebook was granted a Patent for 3D Gesturing on a Smartphone earlier this Month Apple Patent Reveals New MacBook Hinge System with Torsion Bar to Provide Variable Cover Resistance Apple is joining the 'Partnership on AI' to Advance Public Understanding of Artificial Intelligence Technologies Hugo Barra Set to Lead Facebook's Virtual Reality Business Apple's Third Major Folding iPhone Invention has come to Light Illustrating a Dual Fold-Out/Fold-In Form Factor Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related, Indoor Mapping Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
M³ CLL Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Video Police pull up van man engaged in dual carriageway sex act VPN on Android means 'Voyeuristic Peeper Network' in many cases NASA honors Apollo 1 crew 50 years after deadly launchpad fire Tesla sues ex-manager 'for stealing 100GBs of Autopilot secrets' Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Memory loss: Toshiba puts chip biz up for sale Happy Friday: Busted Barracuda update borks corporate firewalls New York to draft in 250 IT contractors because state staff 'lack talent' Microsoft's Cloud UI brings Windows full circle Solaris continuous upgrades have already begun, says Oracle Windows code-signing tweaks sure to irritate software developers Google tests Android Instant Apps streamed on-demand to mobes VMware user group fight leaves community diminished VPN on Android means 'Voyeuristic Peeper Network' in many cases Wow, look out, hackers: Trump to order 60-day cybersecurity probe Texas cops lose evidence going back eight years in ransomware attack National Audit Office: UK's military is buying more than it can afford UK courts experiencing surge in cyber-crime case load UK.gov still drowning in legacy tech because no one's boarding Blighty's £700m data centre Ark UK.gov departments are each clinging on to 100 terabytes of legacy data Digital transformation?! Your boss's PowerPoint New Year resolution, deconstructed Is Kubernetes a little too terrifying? Platform9 has a safe space for you Continuous Lifecycle London: Save over 25% with early bird tickets SporeStack: Disposable, anonymous servers, via Bitcoin and Python Oracle slurps enterprise cloud API wrangler Apiary Policy The Channel Apple eats itself as iPhone fatigue spreads Intel's Q4 was 'terrific' and 'record setting' says CEO as profits dip ENTA founder Tsai gets banhammer as company director for 13 years BT's profits plunge 37% following Italian Job WTF? Francis Ford Coppola crowdsources Apocalypse Now game PS4 Pro woes: Random display blackouts caught on camera HP Inc recalls 101,000 laptop batteries before they halt and catch fire Modular dud drags LG to first loss in six years SPB Geek's Guide NASA honors Apollo 1 crew 50 years after deadly launchpad fire NASA brews better test to find ET in cosmic cocktails This goldfish and its steerable robot tank will destroy humanity I'm deadly serious about megatunnels, vows Elon Musk Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Tesla sues ex-manager 'for stealing 100GBs of Autopilot secrets' Bloke launches twinkly range of BBC Micro:bit accessory boards AI eggheads: Our cancer-spotting code rivals dermatologists I've got a brand new combine harvester and I'll give you the API key Verity Stob Police pull up van man engaged in dual carriageway sex act Did you know? The FBI investigated Gamergate. Now you can read the agents' thrilling dossier Counter-terror cops arrest pair for sending poo-smeared toilet paper to public figures Devonians try to drive Dartmoor whisky plan onto rocks More like this Apple iPhone Business Apple eats itself as iPhone fatigue spreads Wall St downgrades stock – because buyers prefer last year's model 27 Jan 2017 at 13:35, Andrew Orlowski The phrase "Peak Apple" has been used many times, only for the fruity firm to bounce back. Cupertino has amassed a vast fortune by ignoring the carping experts. However, the latest bout of iPhone fatigue might be more than a passing bout of flu. It's prompted one Wall Street watcher to downgrade Apple stock. The specific reason? Buyers are finding last year's supersized Plus model is better value than this year's svelte iPhone 7. So says Mark Moskowitz, the analyst who follows Apple at Barclays, who noted this week that: "Recent smartphone customers increasingly are opting for the iPhone 6s," pointing out the obvious – these days our smartphones are "good enough" until they break. Fewer customers want to pay a premium for incremental improvements. Apple's own hardware-by-subscription scheme – copied by Samsung – looks like it was designed for another era. Mature smartphone markets have been saturated for several years; global growth has come from emerging markets led by China and India. Apple's decline was temporarily arrested by making larger iPhones, busting out of its self-imposed 4" display limit (users needed to use a phone one-handed, Apple argued). The release of pent-up demand saw Apple steal share from Samsung. But last year, analysts were pointing to new weaknesses in the little-changing iPhone lineup. "iPhone fatigue" was identified as a factor by Strategy Analytics who noted that Apple's share fell from 14 per cent globally to 12 per cent. This was emphasised by a specific cultural preference: newly affluent Chinese love larger phones. In a week on Shanghai's trains last week, your reporter discovered that Plus-sized iPhones outnumbered regular-sized iPhones by about 200 to 1. Six-inch Android phablets were not uncommon. There's also a more obvious explanation than fatigue. In addition to adding little new other than waterproofing, Apple removed the analogue headphone jack from both of the latest iPhones ("Our team has tremendous courage," Apple's Phil Schiller explained). Even though Apple included an adapter in the box, the removal of the jack was the single most notable feature of the device, and proceeded to steal all the headlines. Apple must be hoping that's actually the explanation for the new models failing to shift – but it's unlikely to acknowledge it so publicly. If it isn't the case, and canny buyers are simply more aware of value, then new gimmicks packed into this year's iPhone 8 may not be enough to renew demand. Now you can see why Apple is mulling a very expensive move into content production, and taking AR seriously. The last new Apple hardware to capture the public imagination was the iPad launch – almost seven years ago. Hardware is so over. ® Sponsored: DevOps and continuous delivery Tips and corrections 92 Comments More from The Register Apple Watch exec Bob Mansfield 'gets into secret Apple car' Here in iCar, iCan only receive, iCan listen to you... 41 Comments Apple, Amazon smash audiobook cabal after European pressure EU antitrust bod nods in approval as another market opens up 6 Comments Apple's Airpod wireless earbuds finally go on sale after six-week delay In limited quantities, some time next week. So don't bank on getting them under a tree 30 Comments Apple goes global in Qualcomm license war: Patent spat hits China One-billion Yuan lawsuit in Middle Kingdom alleges further royalty wrongdoings 11 Comments Aaarrgh, zombie! Dead Apple iOS monopoly lawsuit is reanimated Appeals court breathes life into App Store legal challenge 36 Comments Apple drops requirement for apps to use HTTPS by 2017 Deadline for App Transport Security adoption delayed until time of Cupertino's choosing 15 Comments Whitepapers Accelerated Computing and the Democratization of Supercomputing This whitepaper provides an analysis on how accelerators like the NVIDIA Tesla P100 can lower data center cost by up to 50%. Building your DLP strategy and process Forcepoint works with its clients around the world to develop effective strategies and processes for implementing data loss prevention (DLP) programs. IT’s guide for securing and managing business content Connect the Box Reporting API to your BI or SIEM solutions to get detailed reports and real-time updates on the activity surrounding your content. Relying on Averages to Anticipate Application Performance Can Be Risky Averaging doesn't provide an accurate picture of true application performance based on data gathered using InfoSight and analyzed. Most read Trump signs 'no privacy for non-Americans' order – what does that mean for rest of us? Oracle sues its own star sales rep after she wins back $200k in pay fight Apple eats itself as iPhone fatigue spreads IBM's SoftLayer is having a meltdown – and customers aren't happy President Trump tweets from insecure Android, security boffins roll eyes Spotlight Cutting Hewlett-Packard Labs down to size Why Theresa May’s hard Brexit might be softer than you think Facebook pimping for politicos despite fake news 'purge' Speaking in Tech: Went to Cancun... visited the Walmart Qualcomm faces $853m fine for alleged antitrust violation Speaking in Tech: The really HUUUUGE 2017 Predictions Show Has Samsung, er, rounded the corner with Apple court win? Watch your back, Netflix: Viu on track for 10 million subs next year Sponsored links New from Avere - Cloud-Enabled Data Center for Dummies. Download now Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlooks Autos Markets Markets Home Indices Stock Quotes India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities Funds India Budget 2017 Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Apple shares back in vogue as Wall Street bets on iPhone surge Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Technology Photos | Fri Jan 27, 2017 | 9:46pm IST Apple shares back in vogue as Wall Street bets on iPhone surge FILE PHOTO - The new iPhone 7 smartphone goes on sale inside an Apple Inc. store in Los Angeles, California, U.S., September 16, 2016. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson/File Photo By Noel Randewich | SAN FRANCISCO SAN FRANCISCO Wall Street has regained an appetite for Apple as investors bet that the release of a 10th-anniversary iPhone and pent up customer demand will shore up shrinking sales. The largest component of the S&P 500, Apple remained a core holding of Wall Street throughout a decline in the stock in the first half of last year. But a recent rebound and speculation about an expected new phone have kindled additional investor interest. Apple's 15-percent rally since mid-November pushed the stock to levels not seen in more than a year and boosted over 100 mutual funds that became shareholders in recent quarters. The gains have come even as Apple struggles with slow global demand for smartphones, made worse by consumers in key growth regions like China and India preferring Android devices selling for under $200. The stock is up 36 percent from lows in May of last year, when it was plagued by worries about iPhone sales, which fell in 2016 for the first time. The shares are now down 8 percent from a record high close in February 2015. Many on Wall Street expect Apple, which reports its fiscal first-quarter results on Tuesday, to mark the 10th anniversary of the iPhone this year with a dramatically improved model. Apple has not disclosed details, but analysts have speculated about potential new features including better haptic technology, wireless charging and a curved display that many believe will attract consumers who have begun to lose interest in smartphones. "We think this is going to be a pretty solid launch, a really big one," said Brian Hennessey, portfolio manager of the Alpine Dynamic Dividend Fund, whose largest holding is Apple. "I think even the bears would probably suggest that this product that's coming out is going to be pretty interesting and hard to ignore." The number of mutual funds reporting they became Apple shareholders in recent quarterly filings has jumped by 188 percent to 288, while the number of mutual funds liquidating their Apple holdings dropped by 25 percent to 154, according to Morningstar. Strong sales of the iPhone 6S two years ago have arguably left a larger-than-normal base of customers now ready to upgrade to new devices in what several analysts have describe as a "supercycle." Citing recent supply and demand checks, Morgan Stanley analyst Katy Huberty on Jan. 16 cut her estimate for December-quarter iPhone shipments to 75 million units from 79 million, and she warned that Apple would likely give March-quarter guidance below investors' expectations. But confident about pent up demand, Huberty raised her iPhone estimates for the fiscal year starting in October and said Apple remains a top pick. Apple's recent stock gain makes the success of its next iPhone all the more crucial, said Trip Miller, managing partner of hedge fund Gullane Capital. Attracted to the healthy balance sheet and a price/earnings multiple that is low versus the S&P 500's average, the fund added to an existing Apple stake after the stock swooned last year. Apple currently makes up about 5 percent of its portfolio, Miller said. Apple is rushing to expand music streaming and other services that provide recurring revenues in a bid to offset lackluster iPhones sales, which still account for 60 percent of total revenue. "They really need to have a big value-add in the next product they come out with," Miller said. Also sounding a cautious note, Barclays analyst Mark Moskowitz downgraded Apple on Jan. 24 to "equal weight" from "overweight", warning that this year's new iPhones may not entice consumers increasingly content to keep their devices for three or four years, instead of two or three. Apple's recent rally has left its stock trading at 12.9 times expected earnings, pricier than its five-year average of about 12.0 times expected earnings but far cheaper than the S&P 500's multiple of 17.2 times earnings, according to Thomson Reuters Datastream. After three consecutive quarters of declines, Apple in the December-quarter is expected by analysts to report a 2-percent increase in revenue to $77.4 billion, according to Thomson Reuters data. Revenue for fiscal 2017 is expected by analysts to grow 5.5 percent, recovering some of last year's 7.7 percent decline. (This version of the story was refiled to fix spelling of "supercycle," paragraph 10) (Reporting by Noel Randewich; Editing by Bernard Orr) Next In Technology Photos Snapchat to reveal financials within a week: sources Snap Inc, the secretive technology company that owns the popular messaging service Snapchat, is due to reveal its financials within a week as it moves toward its eagerly awaited initial public offering (IPO), sources familiar with the situation said on Friday. Apple strategy in 'smart home' race threatened by Amazon SAN FRANCISCO - In less than a year, Amazon's combination of the Echo speaker system and the Alexa voice-controlled digital assistant has come close to delivering on the elusive promise of easy-to-use technology that can control gadgets in the home with a few spoken words. Alphabet's hardware growth adds to strength in core ad business Alphabet Inc's core advertising business remained strong and its smartphone and home-automation products were gaining traction, analysts said a day after the company missed profit expectations, hurt by a higher tax rate. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Budget 2017 India's investors brace for transaction tax hike, less friendly budget Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Skip to content Military Technologies pr@satprnews.com HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Main Menu Research Reports Initiation on REIT Stocks — Apple Hospitality REIT, FelCor Lodging Trust, Pebblebrook Hotel Trust, and RLJ Lodging Trust 27 January 2017Military News NEW YORK, January 27, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — On Thursday, January 26, 2017, US markets saw broad based losses with six out of nine sectors finishing the trading sessions in red. Major US indices were also mixed at the close of yesterday’s session. The NASDAQ Composite ended the day at 5,655.18, slightly down 0.02%; the Dow Jones Industrial Average edged 0.16% higher, to finish at 20,100.91; and the S&P 500 closed at 2,296.68, marginally down 0.07%. This Friday morning, Stock-Callers.com looks at the performance of these four REIT – Hotel/Motel stocks: Apple Hospitality REIT Inc. (NYSE: APLE), FelCor Lodging Trust Inc. (NYSE: FCH), Pebblebrook Hotel Trust (NYSE: PEB), and RLJ Lodging Trust (NYSE: RLJ). You can access our complimentary research reports on these stocks now at: http://stock-callers.com/registration Richmond, Virginia-based Apple Hospitality REIT Inc.’s stock advanced 1.13%, to close the day at $20.64. The stock recorded a trading volume of 1.85 million shares, which was above its three months average volume of 1.46 million shares. Apple Hospitality REIT Inc.’s shares have gained 4.82% in the last one month, 15.62% in the previous three months, and 25.05% in the past one year. The Company’s shares are trading 6.84% and 11.10% above its 50-day and 200-day moving averages, respectively. Shares of the Company, which invests primarily in the lodging industry, are trading at a PE ratio of 42.82. Additionally, the stock has a Relative Strength Index (RSI) of 74.35. Visit us today and download your complete report on APLE for free at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=APLE FelCor Lodging Trust On Thursday, shares in Irving, Texas-based FelCor Lodging Trust Inc. ended the session 3.28% higher at $8.19 with a total volume of 7.10 million shares traded. FelCor Lodging Trust’s shares have gained 3.67% in the last one month and 26.96% in the previous three months. Furthermore, the stock has surged 34.48% in the past one year. The stock is trading 6.82% above its 50-day moving average and 20.26% above its 200-day moving average. Moreover, shares of the Company, which engages in investment and management of properties in the hospitality industry, have an RSI of 63.93. On January 04th, 2017, research firm FBR & Co. downgraded the Company’s stock rating from ‚Outperform’ to ‚Market Perform’. The complimentary research report on FCH can be accessed at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=FCH On Thursday, shares in Bethesda, Maryland-based Pebblebrook Hotel Trust recorded a trading volume of 1.15 million shares, which was higher than their three months average volume of 873,360 shares. The stock ended the day 2.07% higher at $31.50. Shares of the Company, which through Pebblebrook Hotel, L.P., operates as an REIT, are trading at a PE ratio of 46.88. Pebblebrook Hotel Trust’s stock has gained 5.53% in the last one month and 21.67% in the previous three months. Further, the stock has surged 40.98% in the past one year. The Company is trading above its 50-day and 200-day moving averages by 8.31% and 15.99%, respectively. Furthermore, Pebblebrook Hotel Trust’s shares have an RSI of 70.31. Register for free on Stock-Callers.com and download the PDF research report on PEB at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=PEB RLJ Lodging Trust Bethesda, Maryland-domiciled RLJ Lodging Trust’s stock finished Thursday’s session 0.91% higher at $24.49 with a total volume of 820,625 shares traded. Over the last one month and the previous three months, RLJ Lodging Trust’s shares have gained 1.02% and 19.34%, respectively. Further, the stock has surged 44.44% in the past one year. The Company’s shares are trading above its 50-day and 200-day moving averages by 4.51% and 13.15%, respectively. Shares of RLJ Lodging Trust, which primarily invests in premium-branded, focused service, and compact full-service hotels, are trading at a PE ratio of 15.77. The stock has an RSI of 63.70. Get free access to your research report on RLJ at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=RLJ Stock Callers: Stock Callers (SC) produces regular sponsored and non-sponsored reports, articles, stock market blogs, and popular investment newsletters covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and micro-cap stocks. SC has two distinct and independent departments. One department produces non-sponsored analyst certified content generally in the form of press releases, articles and reports covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and the other produces sponsored content (in most cases not reviewed by a registered analyst), which typically consists of compensated investment newsletters, articles and reports covering listed stocks and micro-caps. Such sponsored content is outside the scope of procedures detailed below.  SC has not been compensated; directly or indirectly; for producing or publishing this document.  PRESS RELEASE PROCEDURES: The non-sponsored content contained herein has been prepared by a writer (the „Author”) and is fact checked and reviewed by a third party research service company (the „Reviewer”) represented by a credentialed financial analyst [for further information on analyst credentials, please email info@stock-callers.com. Rohit Tuli, a CFA® charterholder (the „Sponsor”), provides necessary guidance in preparing the document templates. The Reviewer has reviewed and revised the content, as necessary, based on publicly available information which is believed to be reliable. Content is researched, written and reviewed on a reasonable-effort basis. The Reviewer has not performed any independent investigations or forensic audits to validate the information herein. The Reviewer has only independently reviewed the information provided by the Author according to the procedures outlined by SC. SC is not entitled to veto or interfere in the application of such procedures by the third-party research service company to the articles, documents or reports, as the case may be. Unless otherwise noted, any content outside of this document has no association with the Author or the Reviewer in any way.   NO WARRANTY  SC, the Author, and the Reviewer are not responsible for any error which may be occasioned at the time of printing of this document or any error, mistake or shortcoming. No liability is accepted whatsoever for any direct, indirect or consequential loss arising from the use of this document. SC, the Author, and the Reviewer expressly disclaim any fiduciary responsibility or liability for any consequences, financial or otherwise arising from any reliance placed on the information in this document. Additionally, SC, the Author, and the Reviewer do not (1) guarantee the accuracy, timeliness, completeness or correct sequencing of the information, or (2) warrant any results from use of the information. The included information is subject to change without notice.  NOT AN OFFERING  This document is not intended as an offering, recommendation, or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell the securities mentioned or discussed, and is to be used for informational purposes only. Please read all associated disclosures and disclaimers in full before investing. Neither SC nor any party affiliated with us is a registered investment adviser or broker-dealer with any agency or in any jurisdiction whatsoever. To download our report(s), read our disclosures, or for more information, visit http://stock-callers.com/legal-disclaimer/ CONTACT For any questions, inquiries, or comments reach out to us directly. If you‚re a company we are covering and wish to no longer feature on our coverage list contact us via email and/or phone between 09:30 EDT to 16:00 EDT from Monday to Friday at: Email: info@stock-callers.com Phone number: +44 330 808 3765 Office Address: Clyde Offices, Second Floor, 48 West George Street, Glasgow, U.K. -G2 1BP CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are registered trademarks owned by CFA Institute. SOURCE Chelmsford Park SA Posted Under Uncategorized Tagged company Investments Opinions major service Post navigation IIROC Trading Halt / Suspension de la negociation par l’OCRCVM – CUO Harvest One Announces Increase to Size of Previously Announced Financing Related To Acquisition of ACMPR Licensed Medical Cannabis Producer United Greeneries… Search Search for: Recent Posts Cloth Diaper Company Makes an Effort to Reduce the Environmental Footprint made by Disposable Diapers City Seeks Feedback on California Nursery Historical Park Master Plan The Decemberists Tickets: CapitalCityTickets.com is Slashing Their Prices on The Decemberists Concert Tickets for their “The Shuffling Off to Ragnarök Spring Tour 2017” The Decemberists Tickets: CapitalCityTickets.com is Slashing Their Prices on The Decemberists Concert Tickets for their “The Shuffling Off to Ragnarök Spring Tour 2017” Iluvit.club: Unique Service Helping People Find Great Recommendations From People With Similar Taste Copyright © 2017 Military Technologies. Proudly powered by WordPress. | Theme: Awaken by ThemezHut.
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Apple has confirmed it is joining the Partnership on AI Sam Shead Jan. 27, 2017, 8:23 AM 4,861 facebook linkedin twitter email print Tom Gruber, head of advanced development of Siri, at Apple.Partnership on AI Apple has finally joined an artificial intelligence (AI) research group that includes the likes of Facebook, Amazon, and Microsoft. The group, known as Partnership on AI, is working to ensure that AI is developed safely and ethically, thereby avoiding the nightmare robot uprising scenarios that have been described by the likes of renowned scientist Stephen Hawking and Tesla billionaire Elon Musk. Tom Gruber, head of advanced development of Siri, Apple’s personal assistant, said in a statement on Friday: "We're glad to see the industry engaging on some of the larger opportunities and concerns created with the advance of machine learning and AI. "We believe it's beneficial to Apple, our customers, and the industry to play an active role in its development and look forward to collaborating with the group to help drive discussion on how to advance AI while protecting the privacy and security of consumers." Partnership on AI officially launched last September but there was one glaring om mission: Apple. The company was asked to be a member from the outset but it refused to sign up initially. "Apple has joined the Partnership on AI as a founding member," reads a blog post on the Partnership on AI website. "The company has been involved and collaborating with the Partnership since before it was first announced and is thrilled to formalise its membership alongside Amazon, Facebook, Google/DeepMind, IBM, and Microsoft." The lead character in the film "Her" falls in love with an AI.Warner Bros. The confirmation that Apple has joined Partnership on AI comes a day after Bloomberg reported that the Cupertino-headquartered company was planning to join. Six other people have also been appointed to the Partnership on AI's board of trustees. They include: Dario Amodei (OpenAI) Subbarao Kambhampati (Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence & ASU) Deirdre Mulligan (UC Berkeley) Carol Rose (American Civil Liberties Union) Eric Sears (MacArthur Foundation) Jason Furman (Peterson Institute of International Economics). The new members will join Greg Corrado (Google/DeepMind), Tom Gruber (Apple), Ralf Herbrich (Amazon), Eric Horvitz (Microsoft), Yann Lecun (Facebook), and Francesca Rossi (IBM).  The first meeting of the Board of Trustees is taking place February 3 in San Francisco. The Partnership on AI said it will announce its initial program of research and activities "shortly after". Technology leaders already involved in the partnership welcomed Apple to the Partnership on Friday. Mustafa Suleyman, cofounder and head of applied AI at DeepMind, which is also a member, wrote on Twitter that he was "delighted" Apple was joining. Delighted Apple and 6 new Trustees have joined @PartnershipAI for the pursuit of safe & ethical #AI https://t.co/9nXOfITZiv — Mustafa Suleyman (@mustafasuleymn) January 27, 2017 Apple has been gradually building up its AI and machine learning capabilities and buying a succession of small AI startups. Last October, it hired Professor Ruslan Salakhutdinov, one of the big guns of AI research. Unlike Google, DeepMind, and Facebook, Apple has traditionally prevented its top researchers from publishing their work in open forums. Last November, Yann LeCun, Facebook's head of AI, said this could make some engineers think twice about working for the iPhone maker. "So, [when] you’re a researcher, you assume that you’re going to publish your work," said LeCun. "It’s very important for a scientist because the currency of the career as a scientist is the intellectual impact. So you can’t tell people 'come work for us but you can’t tell people what you’re doing' because you basically ruin their career. That’s a big element." NOW WATCH: The story of Lisa Brennan-Jobs, the daughter Steve Jobs claimed wasn't his Loading video... More: Apple Partnership on AI DeepMind facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Apple has confirmed it is joining the Partnership on AI Apple has confirmed it is joining the Partnership on AI Apple has finally joined an artificial... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Hockey great 'King Henrik' Lundqvist on growing up in a tiny Swedish town and his dad's advice to 'dream big' Read Lundqvist's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Tweakers Frontpage Nieuws Reviews Pricewatch Vraag & Aanbod Forum Meer Video Downloads IT Banen IT Pro Profielen Tweakblogs Acties Word Abonnee Over Tweakers 0 Account Inloggen Registreren settings vergelijk items0 Zoeken Inloggen Registreren Wij stellen technologie op de proef 30K 78,3K Cookies op Tweakers Tweakers maakt gebruik van cookies, onder andere om de website te analyseren, het gebruiksgemak te vergroten en advertenties te tonen. Door gebruik te maken van deze website, of door op 'Ga verder' te klikken, geef je toestemming voor het gebruik van cookies. Wil je meer informatie over cookies en hoe ze worden gebruikt, bekijk dan ons cookiebeleid. Ga verder Meer informatie Firmware-update: Apple WatchOS 3.1.3 Door Bart van Klaveren, vrijdag 27 januari 2017 14:11, 0 reacties • Feedback Bron: Apple, submitter: saryon2413 Apple heeft een update uitgebracht van de software die op de Apple Watch draait. Het bijwerken van de Apple Watch moet via de app op de iPhone worden gedaan; instructies daarvoor zijn op deze pagina te vinden. Versie 3.1.3 moet diverse bugs en beveiligingsproblemen verhelpen, maar sinds versie 2.2 is er meer veranderd en voor de volledigheid laten we de veranderingen sindsdien zien. watchOS 3.1.3 This update includes improvements and bug fixes. For information on the security content of Apple software updates, please visit this website. watchOS 3.1.1 This update includes improvements and bug fixes. Fixes an issue that could prevent contact names from appearing in the Messages app and notifications Fixes an issue that could impact ability to respond to notifications Resolves an issue where the Stocks complication may not update on the watch face Fixes an issue that may prevent the Activity rings from displaying on the Activity watch faces Fixes an issue that prevented the dials on an analog watch face from appearing after changing the temperature unit in the Weather app Resolves an issue that could cause the Maps app to stay launched after navigation has ended Resolves an issue where the incorrect date could be displayed in the Calendar app month view watchOS 3.1 This update includes improvements and bug fixes. New option to replay bubble and full screen effects in Messages Messages effects can play with Reduce Motion enabled Fixes an issue that could cause the notification for Timer complete to be delivered twice Resolves an issue that could prevent Apple Watch Series 2 from fully charging Resolves an issue where Activity rings may disappear from the watch face Fixes an issue that prevented Force Touch options from appearing in some third-party apps watchOS 3.0 This update includes support for pairing multiple watches to one iPhone, Maps improvements and new language support. This release also includes additional improvements and bug fixes. Performance and Navigation Press the side button to access your favorite apps in the Dock Apps in the Dock launch instantly with already updated information Add up to 10 apps in the Dock, control music from Now Playing or launch your most recently used app Swipe edge-to-edge to quickly switch your watch face Swipe up from the bottom of your watch face to access important settings in Control Center Watch faces New Minnie Mouse, Activity, and Numerals watch faces Complications now available on Photo, Photo Album, Timelapse, and Motion New complications including Workout, Music, and Messages New Face Gallery in the Apple Watch app on iPhone to add and customize watch faces Discover and add third party complications in the Face Gallery Activity Ability to share and compare your Activity rings Rank alphabetically, or by progress towards Move goal, Exercise goal, steps or today’s workouts Automatic notifications when a friend completes their rings, finishes a workout, or earns an achievement Customized smart replies for encouragement or smack talk New Sharing tab in the Activity app on iPhone to view history Workout Quick Start for most commonly used workouts Multiple metric view, customizable for each workout type New gestures for pause, resume, and marking segments Labels for “Other” workouts to keep track of Yoga, Pilates, Cross Training, and more Auto-pause for running workouts Siri support for pause, resume, and end workouts Route maps with speed indicators for outdoor workouts Wheelchair use Activity rings optimized for wheelchair users Accounts for varying speeds, terrains, and pushing techniques Pushes contribute to all-day calorie goals Time to roll notification and roll ring New Outdoor Run Pace and Outdoor Walk Pace workouts Breathe New Breathe app to take a moment in your day for short deep breathing sessions Calming visualization and haptic cues guide you while you inhale and exhale Adjust session length and breaths per minute Summary upon completion including heart rate Time to breathe reminders Weekly summary Communication Expressive Messaging Full-screen effects to celebrate special moments Tapback for quick replies to messages, links, and photos Handwritten messages animate like ink on paper Send recent built-in or third-party stickers View secret messages with invisible ink Scribble Write words on the display and Apple Watch will convert the handwriting to text Use the Digital Crown to scroll through predicted options Available in English (US), Traditional Chinese, and Simplified Chinese Reply options available in the Messages and Mail notification, including Digital Touch, emoji, and smart replies New emoji, including gender diverse options to existing characters, single parent family variations, rainbow flag, and redesigns of popular emoji Emergency SOS Press and continue to hold the side button to call emergency services Automatically notify SOS contacts and share your location Display your Medical ID with information about medications, allergies, and medical conditions Adjusts the emergency number to your current location Home New Home app to control HomeKit enabled accessories Enable scenes created on your iPhone to control groups of accessories with just a tap Control favorite accessories from your wrist, even remotely with Apple TV or iPad Support for IP cameras to see live video in rich notifications and accessory controls Other improvements New Reminders app for managing scheduled reminders, grocery lists, and more New Find My Friends app for viewing location of friends and family Pay with Apple Pay within third party apps Delete events and switch calendars in Calendar app Support for FaceTime Audio calls directly from Apple Watch Search for Settings in Apple Watch app on iPhone Camera app controls for Flash, Live Photos, HDR, Zoom, Burst, and Front or Rear facing Siri support for Spanish (Chile), Chinese (Cantonese - China), English (Ireland), English (South Africa) Delen Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Wearables Apple Kodi 17.0 RC 4 BlueGriffon 2.2 Gerelateerde producten Apple Watch vanaf € 269,- Vergelijk prijzen Apple Watch Sport vanaf € 299,- Vergelijk prijzen Apple Watch Edition geen prijs bekend Apple Watch Series 2 vanaf € 422,68 Vergelijk prijzen Apple Watch Series 1 vanaf € 322,71 Vergelijk prijzen Alle gerelateerde producten (5) Versienummer: 3.1.3 Releasestatus: Final Besturingssystemen: iOS Website: Apple Download: https://support.apple.com/nl-nl/HT204641 Licentietype: Freeware Updategeschiedenis 27-01 Apple WatchOS 3.1.3 05-'15 Apple Watch OS 1.0.1 Moderatie-faq• Wijzig weergave Sorteer op: Kwaliteit - beste threads eerst Kwaliteit - slechtste threads eerst Tijd - oudste threads eerst Tijd - nieuwste threads eerst Weergave: Threaded Plat Reacties Er zijn nog geen reacties geplaatst Om te kunnen reageren moet je ingelogd zijn Reactie formulier Reageer: Kodi 17.0 RC 4 BlueGriffon 2.2 Nintendo Switch Google Pixel Sony PlayStation VR Samsung Galaxy S8 Apple iPhone 7 Dishonored 2 Google Android 7.x Watch_Dogs 2 Adverteren Contact Weergaveopties Over Tweakers Jouw privacy Algemene voorwaarden Cookies Feedback Volg @tweakers Like Tweakers Rss-feeds © 1998 - 2017 de Persgroep Online Services B.V. • Tweakers vormt samen met o.a. Autotrack en Carsom.nl de Persgroep Online Services B.V. • Hosting door True
Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds Trib Total Media Contact Us ShareThis Page Home Local Local Front - - - - - Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Regional - - - - - Carlynton Fox Chapel Hampton/Shaler Monroeville Murrysville North Hills Norwin Penn Hills Penn-Trafford Plum Sewickley South Hills Sports Sports Front - - - - - Steelers / NFL Penguins / NHL Pirates / MLB Riverhounds - - - - - High Schools - - - - - Pitt Penn State WVU Duquesne Robert Morris District Colleges - - - - - Outdoors Local U.S./World Sports SportsTalk SportsBlogs Kevin Gorman News News Front - - - - - Pennsylvania Business Investigative U.S./World Health Now Education Politics Our Stories Blogs Videos Opinion Opinion Front - - - - - Columnists Editorials Cartoons Letters Send a Letter A&E A&E Front - - - - - Architecture Theater & Arts Movies Music Books Museums Players Advantage Crosswords Sudoku Lottery Lifestyles Lifestyles Front - - - - - Doug Oster Food & Drink Fanfare Out & About Home & Garden Health & Fitness More Lifestyles Fashion History Travel Video - - - - - Trib Videos Featured Videos Obituaries Obituaries Front - - - - - Pittsburgh Tribune Review Tribune Review Valley News Dispatch Penn Hills Progress Monroeville Times Express Advance Leader Penn-Trafford Star Norwin Star McKnight North Journal Bridgeville Area News Sewickley Herald Murrysville Star South Hills Record The Herald Hampton Journal Shaler Journal Pine Creek Journal Triblive Online Only Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests - - - - - Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds - - - - - Trib Total Media Contact Us Feedback Blogs Email Newsletters eTrib Digital Replica Our Publications eFeatures Buy Trib Photos Where to Buy the Paper Pennsylvania Foxconn considers $7B U.S. facility with Apple Aaron Aupperlee | Monday, Jan. 23, 2017, 1:12 p.m. REUTERS FILE PHOTO: The logo of Foxconn, the trading name of Hon Hai Precision Industry, is seen on top of the company's headquarters in New Taipei City, Taiwan March 29, 2016. REUTERS/Tyrone Siu/File Photo Email Newsletters Sign up for one of our email newsletters. Pennsylvania trade and economic development officials met with the chairman of Foxconn Technology Group, a Taiwanese technology device manufacturer famous for making Apple products, to discuss the company building in the state, a spokeswoman for the department confirmed to the Tribune-Review on Monday. Foxconn Chairman Terry Gou met with a representative of the Pennsylvania Department of Community and Economic Development's Taiwan/China investment office last week and said he'd like to invest in Pennsylvania, Heidi Havens, a spokeswoman for the department, wrote in an email Monday to the Trib. The meeting did not address specifics or a proposed project, Havens wrote. Bloomberg News reported that, according to a Nikkei Asian Review report, Gou told reporters in Taipei the company is considering a joint investment with Apple Inc. for a display manufacturing facility in the U.S. and a new molding facility, possibly in Pennsylvania. It is unclear whether Pennsylvania was mentioned as a possible location for the display manufacturing facility, the molding plant or both. Several news outlets, including the Associated Press, reported that Pennsylvania was a possibility for the display manufacturing facility. The Nikkei report stated that a representative from the Pennsylvania trade office attended Foxconn's holiday party Sunday in the Nankang district of Taipei where Gou made the announcement . Foxconn also contacted the department's Taiwanese office in mid-December to ask about programs available to companies wanting to locate in Pennsylvania, Havens wrote. The display manufacturing facility would cost more than $7 billion and might create 30,000 to 50,000 jobs, the Nikkei Asian Review report cited Gou as saying. The rising demand for larger displays makes domestic U.S. production a better solution than shipping from China, and “Apple is willing to invest in the facility together because they need the (panels) as well,” he said. Apple didn't immediately respond Sunday to a Bloomberg News request for comment. Foxconn, in a statement emailed to the Tribune-Review on Monday, said it is exploring a potential expansion in the United States and that the company is evaluating “conditions and potential locations for establishing manufacturing facilities” in the country. The company said it could not yet confirm a location or the number of jobs the expansion would create. Foxconn also contacted the department's Taiwanese office in mid-December to ask about programs available to companies wanting to locate in Pennsylvania, Havens wrote. Foxconn in 2013 announced plans to build a $30 million plant in Harrisburg and invest $10 million in Carnegie Mellon University for research and development. A CMU spokeswoman said the university had no comment on the R&D funding. The Harrisburg factory was not built, said David Black, president of CEO of the Harrisburg Regional Chamber and Capital Region Economic Development Corporation. Black said he didn't know why the Foxconn deal did not develop. He said the chamber isn't in talks with the company now about another possible Pennsylvania plant. “They're certainly welcomed here,” Black said Monday. Separately, Smart Technologies, a Foxconn-controlled interactive display company in Canada, may move to the U.S. in light of President Donald Trump's indication he might seek to alter terms of the North American Free Trade Agreement, Nikkei reported Gou as saying. Gou said he sees American protectionism as “inevitable” while questioning whether U.S. consumers will be willing to pay much higher prices for equipment of equal quality, according to Nikkei. Bloomberg News and the Associated Press contributed. Aaron Aupperlee is a Tribune-Review staff writer. Reach him at aaupperlee@tribweb.com or 412-336-8448. More Pennsylvania 'Almost pathological preoccupation' with Wild West artifacts may land ex-Harrisburg mayor in prison Pa. Gov. Wolf to seek consolidation of 4 health agencies Grim new forecast puts Pennsylvania's budget gap at nearly $3 billion Report: Philadelphia anchorman suspended after comment about Kellyanne Conway 'Clean bill of health' for Wolf after prostate cancer bout TribLIVE commenting policy You are solely responsible for your comments and by using TribLive.com you agree to our Terms of Service. We moderate comments. Our goal is to provide substantive commentary for a general readership. By screening submissions, we provide a space where readers can share intelligent and informed commentary that enhances the quality of our news and information. While most comments will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive, moderating decisions are subjective. We will make them as carefully and consistently as we can. Because of the volume of reader comments, we cannot review individual moderation decisions with readers. We value thoughtful comments representing a range of views that make their point quickly and politely. We make an effort to protect discussions from repeated comments either by the same reader or different readers We follow the same standards for taste as the daily newspaper. A few things we won't tolerate: personal attacks, obscenity, vulgarity, profanity (including expletives and letters followed by dashes), commercial promotion, impersonations, incoherence, proselytizing and SHOUTING. Don't include URLs to Web sites. We do not edit comments. They are either approved or deleted. We reserve the right to edit a comment that is quoted or excerpted in an article. In this case, we may fix spelling and punctuation. We welcome strong opinions and criticism of our work, but we don't want comments to become bogged down with discussions of our policies and we will moderate accordingly. We appreciate it when readers and people quoted in articles or blog posts point out errors of fact or emphasis and will investigate all assertions. But these suggestions should be sent via e-mail. To avoid distracting other readers, we won't publish comments that suggest a correction. Instead, corrections will be made in a blog post or in an article. Trending Springdale man accused of distributing child porn Bed linens filled with mold blamed for deadly crisis in UPMC report Steelers notebook: Report: League will look into Bell injury reporting Twitter Feed A Twitter List by TribLIVE staff Week in Pictures Women's march, inauguration protests and crushed Super Bowl dreams (Jan. 17 - Jan. 22) Images from across the region by Tribune-Review photographers. Subscribe Place an Ad Feedback Contact Us Blogs | Mobile App | Email Newsletters | eTrib Digital Replica | Our Publications | eFeatures | Buy Trib Photos | Where to Buy the Paper Images and text copyright © 2017 Trib Total Media, LLC | Reproduction or reuse prohibited without written consent. | Terms of Service
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Apple strategy in "smart home" race threatened by Amazon By Reuters Published: 08:01 EST, 27 January 2017 | Updated: 08:01 EST, 27 January 2017 e-mail By Stephen Nellis SAN FRANCISCO, Jan 27 - In less than a year, Amazon's combination of the Echo speaker system and the Alexa voice-controlled digital assistant has come close to delivering on the elusive promise of easy-to-use technology that can control gadgets in the home with a few spoken words. Yet Amazon.com Inc's surprise success sets up a long-term battle with Apple Inc. and Alphabet Inc's Google for primacy in the connected household. And the contours of that competition are following a classic tech industry dynamic. Amazon is pursuing an open-systems approach that allows quick development of many features, while Apple is taking a slower route, asserting more control over the technology in order to assure security and ease-of-use. The strategic importance of the "connected home" niche looms large: Amazon wants a way to own its customer interactions -mainly shopping online - without an Apple phone or a Google Web browser as an intermediary. Apple needs to keep the iPhone at the center of customers' lives, and has built a whole home automation architecture, called Homekit, into its smartphone. Google, for its part, is investing heavily in both intelligent assistant software and home-automation devices like the Nest thermostats and, more recently, the Google Home speaker. But Google is behind in the race, with its speaker only hitting the market in November and compatible with a handful of gadgets beyond Nest and Dropcam, which the company also owns. "When the iPhone rolled out in 2007, everyone developed for that. Right now, everyone is developing for the voice-activated Internet," said Mark Mahaney, an analyst and managing director with RBC Capital Markets. Mahaney estimates Amazon sold as many as 10 million Alexa-enabled devices over the holiday season. Google hasn't disclosed sales for its Home speaker. Apple has declined to comment on reports that it has a voice-activated speaker in the works. Apple spokeswoman Trudy Muller said the company is leading the industry by being the first to integrate home automation into a major platform with iOS 10. "The number of HomeKit-compatible accessories continues to grow rapidly with many exciting solutions announced just this month," she said. For the smart home, the key developer partners are the makers of household devices ranging from lighting systems to refrigerators. There are currently about 250 devices that are certified to work with Alexa, and Amazon has encouraged rapid development of third-party applications with its open-systems approach and even financial incentives for some partners. Apple's Homekit, by contrast, has about 100 certified devices. And the reasons behind that gap show both the risks and the potential rewards of Apple's approach. HOW APPLE EXERTS CONTROL To be Homekit-certified, gadget makers must include special chips to work with Apple's system. Developers that order small volumes of the chips say they can cost an 50 cents to $2, though prices are lower for larger buyers. Apple also requires developers to buy specific WiFi and Bluetooth networking chips that cost more than competitors. The devices have to be made in special factories that are certified by Apple. A confidential Apple document obtained by Reuters lists more than 800 of these factories, but only a few specialize in home automation products. Developers can ask Apple to certify an unlisted factory they want to use. But the limited selection means that device makers can't always get the best prices or work with their preferred factories. The founder of one startup that considered pursuing HomeKit approval for a device that helps control home temperatures said the company picked a factory with 40,000 employees that was making well known "Star Wars" toys, but it couldn't use that factory for HomeKit products. "They're a huge company, a legitimate manufacturer that makes tech household brands. And yet they're not certified," said the founder, who declined to speak on the record because of non-disclosure agreements with Apple. Manufacturers also have to send product samples to Cupertino, where Apple tests them extensively for compatibility. The whole process can take three to five months. During that time, device makers aren't allowed to say publicly that they're pursuing HomeKit certification. Some developers say it's worth it. "They found issues with our product before we released it that we didn't find in our testing," said Gimmy Chu, CEO of Nanoleaf, a smart lighting system. "We know that after we have the certification that it's rock solid." AMAZON'S "OPEN" APPROACH Alexa, by contrast, only requires smart home companies to write software code and submit it to Amazon for review. There are no special chips. To earn the "Works with Alexa" label -which isn't required to function with Alexa but does help promote products on Amazon's website - startups must have their products physically tested. Amazon does allow that to happen in a third-party lab, however. Once those certifications are in hand, Amazon says it will decide whether or not a device gets the "Works with Alexa" label within 10 days. Apple's approach has some clear advantages when it comes to privacy, security and ease-of-use. HomeKit gadgets, for example, can operate without being connected to the Internet. (An iPad or Apple TV connected to the Internet is required if you want to control devices when you're outside the house.) "It also makes for a better user experience," notes Ahmed Abdallah, a senior engineer at Incipio, which makes HomeKit-compatible devices such as electrical outlets. "You'll experience some latency if you're always having to bounce off the cloud" as with Alexa. Apple also has an advantage around setup. iPhone owners open up the Home app and set up a device with just a few taps. With Alexa, customers have to download the gadget's companion app first, set up the device, then add a "skill" to Alexa in the Alexa app. Apple's ease of setup lured in some big brands like Hunter Fan Company, the top-selling ceiling fan maker in the U.S. "If that experience isn't good, it has a strong negative halo on the brand because customers just assume the product is bad," said John Neilson, the company's chief marketing officer. Amazon acknowledges that unlike Apple, it can't guarantee the security of third-party devices. A company spokeswoman did note that sensitive commands like unlocking doors have an extra layer of security such as a voice-controlled PIN. Still, it's not clear whether Apple's elaborate but slow-to-develop system will have enough advantages to overcome Amazon's widening lead. "The danger I see for Apple and the home is they're assuming that because I have a smartphone that may be an Apple device, that alone is enough of a Trojan horse to establish their mindshare," said Andreas Stavropoulos, a partner at venture capital firm DFJ. "I wouldn't say that's certain yet." (Editing by Jonathan Weber and Edward Tobin) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hollywood legend John Hurt dead: Two-time Oscar nominee and Elephant Man actor passes away aged 77 after battling cancer and suffering intestinal complaint Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy jumper as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumours PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy 'They're getting nasty': Speidi slam Jedward for 'mean' behaviour as they get evicted from Celebrity Big Brother The former Hills stars have got the boot Bombshell in black and white! Emily Ratajkowski shows off her cleavage in strapless gown for Harper's Bazaar celebration Va va voom! Kendall Jenner sizzles in sheer black gown with thigh-high slit as she leads the stars at Harper's Bazaar event Looking gorgeous Leggy blonde! Kate Upton flaunts her endless lean limbs in lace mini skirt at star-studded Harper's Bazaar gala 'I'm still in shock': Drew Barrymore confesses she's 'not ready' to begin dating...five months after officially divorcing Will Kopelman Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity. Mischa Barton says she was drugged while having birthday drinks before meltdown that left her 'screaming about the end of the world, Ziggy Stardust and her mom being a witch' Bombshell in Balmain! Alessandra Ambrosio smoulders at Harper's Bazaar bash at Sunset Tower Hotel She's joined 'The Supers' One of the 'best dressed women in the world': Miranda Kerr stuns on the red carpet of Harper's Bazaar 150 Most Fashionable Women event in LA Three's a crowd! Charlotte Dawson rocks risqué mini dress as she enjoys date night with beau Matt Sarsfield... and her mother Tracey Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Shows a brave face Wing woman! Nicole Richie wows with black off-the-shoulder dress and wild flared lashes at Harper's Bazaar event in Los Angeles A vision in velvet! Pregnant Ciara shows off her growing baby bump in an off-the-shoulder black gown for Harper's Bazaar event Bump on display Nothing to hide! Paris Jackson showcases nipple-piercings as she goes braless in Los Angeles Laid back look Demi Moore and daughters Tallulah and Scout Willis make for a trio of fashionistas at Harper's Bazaar event Triple fun Fabulous in her fifties! Salma Hayek stuns in intricate patterned number at Harper's Bazaar celebration in LA Indian style Gal pals Kristen Stewart and Chloe Grace Moretz spend THIRD day in a row together at gym in LA Gruelling workout She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session She's got the Midas touch! Rita Ora takes the plunge in super low-cut top for night out in LA Turned some heads DJ Khaled, John Legend, and Luke Bryan announced as new advisors on The Voice alongside Celine Dion Helping prospects to the top  All that glitters! Julianne Hough bares cleavage in sparkling Zuhair Murad outfit at Harper's BAZAAR 150 Most Fashionable Women event Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall rocks a baggy T-shirt and thigh-high boots as she hits the town for girls' night out Gal pals Casey Batchelor flaunts her eye-popping assets in plunging blue shirt and skinny jeans as she steps out for dinner in London Sizzling in stripes! Chanel Iman looks ravishing in business chic at Harper's Bazaar party Professional chic Sheer delight! Ireland Baldwin takes the plunge in a see-through low-cut black gown at Harper's Bazaar bash Plunging Anne Hathaway is movie star chic in all black ensemble with dark shades and bold red lip as she steps out in NYC Ever the A-lister Welcome to Pippa's wedding of the year: A marquee for 350 in mum and dad's back garden. A Caribbean honeymoon BEFORE the big day. And a spectacularly naughty best man 'I bet they won't be able to say these things to his face': Katie Price challenges troll who branded disabled son Harvey, 14, a 'c***'... and will take the case to Parliament Is there a CBB baby on the way? Newly evicted Speidi reported to have 'requested a pregnancy test on the show' Housemate 'believed' they are expecting Bra-vo! Heidi Klum puts on an eye-popping display as she ditches a blouse and opts for a plunging blazer at Harper's Bazaar gala Left little to imagination Quirk it! Melissa George, 40, flaunts shapely pins in bold silver mini dress complete with hot-pink sleeves as she attends awards gala in Paris 'One happy Mumma!' Laura Csortan, 40, treats herself to a luxury spa day as her mother looks after newborn baby Layla Rose Bumping beauty! Pregnant Lake Bell turns up with husband Scott Campbell to Harper's Bazaar party in LA Hilary Duff goes effortlessly chic in double-breasted black pantsuit set at star-studded Harper's Bazaar gala No time for jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio hits the gym in Victoria's Secret gym gear... just a day after flying from Paris to LA 'Can't wait for Bali': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts pert derrière and MAJOR sideboob as she stands provocatively under a shower 'Summer Is Coming': Kelly Rohrbach sizzles and Priyanka Chopra chills in steamy 'moving posters' for upcoming Baywatch film 'What a journey': Michelle Keegan shares glamorous selfies from Tina and Bobby set on Instagram... as the final episode is praised by fans 'He's got depth': Jessica Cunningham gushes about 'charming' Calum Best after they share a sweet smooch before she is evicted from CBB Red alert! Victoria Justice and Elle Fanning stand out in scarlet at the Harper's Bazaar celebration The 'Oh yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer filthy rich - but he has never even SEEN the movie Made $175million Fresh face: Reese Witherspoon looks radiant after treating herself to retail therapy at skin care store SPOILER ALERT! Wannabe Tanya Lacey attempts to wow the judges with a performance of a Whitney Houston song on The Voice 'It stems from insecurities in her own marriage': Danielle Lloyd takes ANOTHER swipe at Nicola McLean as she calls her behaviour in the CBB house 'really sad' 'I was never cool but I'm having the last laugh': Donny Osmond tells how he resisted drugs, booze and the temptations of Sin City - but not Botox and hair dye Bad hair day! Paula Patton has trouble with her locks after bombshell allegations about Robin Thicke having an affair as she fights for sole custody  CBB's James Jordan takes aims at Bianca Gascoigne and Jamie O'Hara's 'showmance' on Twitter while Jessica Cunningham remains tight-lipped  A hat trick of stars! Alyssa Milano, Jon Hamm and Michael J. Fox shine at NHL 100 Gala Game night She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session Oh Balls! Former MP Ed gets kicked in the FACE onstage by partner Katya Jones during Strictly tour performance in Sheffield Cool customer! EJ Johnson rocks hot pink varsity jacket and Daisy Dukes for spot of shopping  Whole new level Paula Patton and Robin Thicke's girlfriend April Love Geary meet in a Malibu parking lot where the pair appear to communicate through a mediator amid custody battle Are roo thirsty? Wine-drinking kangaroo stars alongside bikini-clad model Ellie Gonsalves in $5MILLION Super Bowl ad for Australian wine Their love is fantastic! Newly-engaged Kate Mara and Jamie Bell beam while hand-in-hand on outing in LA Happy couple SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Age-defying Elizabeth Hurley poses for favourite photographer, son Damian, 14, in a £152 blue crystal bikini 'Isn't it the most beautiful thing you've ever seen': Shirtless Jason Dundas hits the Bronte Beach rockpool after flying in from L.A. for David Jones show 'I was breastfeeding in the interviews': Teresa Palmer praises film industry for being 'so accommodating' as she returns to work just weeks after giving birth  Turning the tables! Sofia Richie rocks pink jacket as she practises photography skills while out and about in LA Took a turn at the other end of the camera  Fragile Megan McKenna lashes out at trolls on Twitter after sharing sultry snaps... following her very public NTAs row with TOWIE beau Pete Wicks It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Buxom Pamela Anderson,49, rolls back the years as she shows off her famous cleavage in plunging party dress at Paris bash 'It gets so much worse': RHOA's Kandi Burruss hits back at co-star Porsha Williams over threesome and lesbian rumours  Pretty in pattern! Jordana Brewster cuts a stylish figure in a navy and white dress for shopping outing with her son Rowan in Beverly Hills 'Drinking a lot of beer and eating a lot of cheeseburgers': Matthew McConaughey talks weight gain for new role as he transforms his body AGAIN  Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Great sense of humour Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling have secretly wed Leggy blonde! Courtney Stodden steps out in platform heels and barely there shorts for lunch in Beverly Hills Australia Day USA! Hunky Australian chef Curtis Stone drops by Hollywood Today Live to promote American series of My Kitchen Rules David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite EXCLUSIVE: 'Even before the show went to air I've been seeing someone': The Bachelorette's Sam Johnston CONFIRMS new romance... You look a bit of a plonker in that, Rodders! Rock star Stewart's new look is a little more Del Boy chic, as the French say, than millionaire crooner 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour Posed for a black-and-white mirror selfie Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym Spotted after a strenuous work out in Beverly Hills Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  TOWIE's Kate Wright confirms she is not jetting to Tenerife to film start of the new series... amid rumours of her romance with footballer Rio Ferdinand She's beautiful she even gets prisoners freed from Death Row - and she's engaged! She's the trainee lawyer played by Harry's girl Meghan Markle in Suits Paula Patton claims she found husband Robin Thicke naked in bed with two women, details how he abused her and says he even invited his DRUG DEALER to their son's birthday Revealed: Alan Thicke picked brother over son Robin to care for then-minor son Carter in 2007  Canadian entertainer died last month Former X Factor finalist Lucie Jones breaks down in tears of joy as she's picked to represent the United Kingdom at Eurovision 2017 PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Sometimes playing games is good for a new relationship The couple that works together: Alanis Morissette and husband Mario 'Souleye' Treadway team up for wintry Snow Angel music video Todd Fisher announces joint public memorial service for sister Carrie and mother Debbie Reynolds Fit for a king (or queen)! Pregnant Cheryl and Liam Payne get baby delivery from the Royal Family's favourite pram company Baby's coming soon... PICTURED: Distraught Megan McKenna leaves the NTAs in floods of tears after explosive row with TOWIE boyfriend Pete Wicks Floods of tears Bianca Gascoigne's boyfriend CJ Meeks is left heartbroken as he reads about his love's steamy CBB antics with Jamie O'Hara on MailOnline Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram Looking hotter than ever in a sultry swimsuit. Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat Not easy getting red carpet ready  'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear Vented her frustrations during a Snapchat video Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Ant & Dec are joined by supportive wives Lisa Armstrong and Ali Astall as they receive their OBEs for services to television at Buckingham Palace Bianca Gascoigne sets pulses racing as she flaunts her eye-popping cleavage and sensational curves in skimpy swimwear for calendar shoot Made In Chelsea's Binky Felstead hides her growing baby bump in saucy thigh-grazing camouflage T-shirt from her collection, exhibiting her slender legs 'Her links with Sue made it easy': Anna Richardson 'turned down role on Great British Bake Off over show favourite and girlfriend Perkins' SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Steve McDonald races to the registry office as Leanne Battersby fills in their baby's birth certificate... but will he be listed as the father? 'Not long to go now little angel': Rachael Finch cradles bare baby bump and reveals two boys names have been chosen as due date nears SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: I plotted to behead Duke of Manchester, says Australian model ex-wife in extraordinary disclosure  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Make-up free Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes dog Hatchi for a walk... amid rumours of a split with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organised pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including Kettle Chips and popcorn) 39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy Due to deliver her second child in weeks  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back 'He's a pathological liar!' Richard Keys' wife blasts the ex-Sky pundit as he renews his affair with their daughter's 27-year-old lawyer friend with trysts at five-star hotel  REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine 'G'day from the Philippines!' Miss Universe hopeful Caris Tiivel flashes a hint of thigh in skimpy lace nightgown as she prepares for beauty pageant 'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on more than THREE STONE for new film Gold Aloha! Mother-of-one Amber Rose showcases her eye-popping curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn Gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny to a  Real Housewife  Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Show focused on fight with cancer. Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in 'smelly' defamation case Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project Can You Ever Forgive Me? in New York City This funny lady is back Somebody Alp me! Josie Gibson takes ANOTHER tumble on the ski slopes as she continues to train for injury-ridden series The Jump Sex J-Education: CBB's Jedward shock housemates by talking about having sex on the kitchen table and teach Jamie O'Hara how to put a condom on a banana 'I didn't show him my picture for FIVE months': Ex EastEnders star Cheryl Fergison, 51, reveals she hid her identity from now husband Yassine, 30 Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school pupils on Malawi charity trip Visit follows reports Madonna is to adopt in the country Carrie on Homeland: Claire Danes on why the show is good for her marriage and how her neighbourhood book club keeps her sane Life's just peachy! Rebecca Ferguson is the picture of elegance in pastel dress and coat as she promotes her new album in Liverpool Showing Aaron what he's missing! Lauren Pope flaunts her fabulous figure in black lingerie... after split from Geordie Shore star A sultry selfie  'I chose velvet knickerbockers over a suit!' David Beckham discusses his flamboyant fashion history in Desert Island Discs special In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips NAKED to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap Shared a raunchy photo of herself in bed Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander The Affair star has signed on to film He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 The black rubber bat suit stands at 6'5" tall 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photograph of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing Sore knees 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set 'A day with him and I get so tired my eyes start to itch!' Chloe Madeley on England rugby player beau James Haskell 'pushing himself too hard' 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik At her sexiest 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility The name's Ratajkowski... Lisa Ratajkowski! Big Brother star Appleton emulates DKNY model Emily as she walks her dog in bra and knickers 'You never really leave': Sherlock's Amanda Abbington hints return to the show opposite ex Martin Freeman is possible... despite being killed off Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Shove it in your mouth!' Jamie O'Hara thrusts a cream-filled scone into Bianca Gascoigne's face as they clash in latest CBB challenge 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Tamara Ecclestone displays her long legs in thigh-high boots and chic dress as she goes hand-in-hand with daughter Sophia Mummy-daughter day PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Is this the new line-up for C4's Great British Bake Off? Michel Roux Jr joins Paul Hollywood and even a Mary Berry lookalike at 'screen test' It's Ant OR Dec! Cheeky television presenters swap places for the first time during photo opportunity after being awarded OBEs This feels weird Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 Sexy Instagram snap  Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for MULTIPLE makeout sessions during three-hour dinner date The Muse! Sharon Stone, 58, relaxes in her bikini as she paints watercolours in the pool while on 'retreat' She's inspired many over the year, too 'She made me re-evaluate how I see life': Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after a busy school run in Los Angeles 'We're NOT engaged': GBBO winner Candice Brown denies her convicted drug dealer boyfriend has proposed but says they will definitely marry There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl despite being yet to confirm she is expecting her second child 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears It's a flashback of two iconic beauties!  Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute 'Slow down, you're drunk': CBB's Nicola McLean scolds Bianca Gascoigne after she puts on a very steamy display with Jamie O'Hara  Kelly Brook flashes her ample cleavage in colourful plunging leotard as she poses for busty calendar shot She commanded attention Lady Victoria Hervey puts on an eye-popping display as she attends pyjama party TOPLESS... covering her modesty in nothing but a pair of nipple tassels That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX Actor battles with baldness on Thursday Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice 'There's nobody like Celine. Everybody's going to be so mad ... that I got you.' Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London 'Backyard bum shots': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts her pert derrière as former Big Brother star poses beside busty brunette friend A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches 'nursing an ankle injury' on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good.  Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Something for all the family Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Remarkably relaxed  'I know what it feels like to be vulnerable': Charlie Webster reflects on her harrowing sexual abuse ordeal as she visits women's refuge for domestic violence  Bikini-clad Danielle Lloyd shows off her curves as she puts her troubles behind her in Dubai... after publicly slamming ex-husband Jamie O'Hara City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  What I go to school for First ladies first? Trump didn't wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to meet the Obama's... unlike Barack, George and Bill 'She's giving me a headache': Kelly Brook is slammed on Twitter for being too 'loud and hyper' following fashion segment on Lorraine  Didn't go down well Chloe Ferry bounces back from CBB eviction as she hits the town with Geordie Shore gal pals Charlotte Crosby and Sophie Kasaei Back on the toon Goodman gracious three! Ex On The Beach star Chloe oozes sex appeal in plunging red dress as she hits the town with sisters Lauryn and Amelia Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of $300 fine for dangerous cliff diving After making headlines for a cliff dive  Rafa's secret weapon! The childhood sweetheart who almost NEVER goes on tour whose support has helped send Nadal to Australian Open Have Perrie Edwards and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain split already? Little Mix star DELETES her only Instagram snap of the footballer 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  Time to go Making a splash! Selfie queen Karen Danczuk flaunts her curves in a VERY low cut swimsuit on Spain's Costa Blanca  Former Labour councillor 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She's a TV veteran Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbours found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  EXCLUSIVE 'I attract toyboys!' Wild Lisa Appleton says she wants to bag a younger man during lively appearance on Lizzie Cundy's radio show Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Aussie triple threat hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Lily Collins rocks casual workout gear as she gets her morning caffeine fix... after revealing she battled an eating disorder as a teen Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub The actress is still smiling Game, set and perfect match! Rafael Nadal shares a cuddle and passionate kiss with girlfriend Xisca Perello at Melbourne hotel before the tennis Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Wrapping up warm He's got t-issues! Richard Madeley struggles to blow his own nose as he nurses a bandaged arm after shattering his elbow It's a rough time Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco It's them or me! Amir Khan's 'paranoid' wife gives boxer a family ultimatum because she can't get over 'Michael Jackson' jibe and fears MORE sex tapes Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-coloured bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch '21 feels amazing!' AFL WAG Rebecca Judd thanks fans for the 'bday love' as she is gifted with large bouquet of flowers... before bonding with twins Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster Ex TOWIE star Danielle Armstrong parties with Kate Wright's new love interest Rio Ferdinand as former footballer reopens his Manchester restaurant Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  Larry Lamb channels notorious thief Brian Reader in dramatic new trailer for The Hatton Garden Job... based on real-life jewellery heist by ageing gang 'We need a DNA test...' Pregnant Rochelle Humes claims Chris Kamara could be the father of her unborn baby during playful interview  'Of course we're getting married!' GBBO winner Candice Brown's convicted drug dealer boyfriend CONFIRMS wedding plans Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child and ex-wife Paula Patton' Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Eamonn Holmes, Davina McCall and Kirstie Allsopp rally behind Gary Lineker who said homework should be BANNED (and calling for a boycott day) Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Sure to give a view of the area to her fans 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leave for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Doting mom  She's usually flawless! Kris Jenner appeared windswept as hair sticks straight up while boarding private jet to Costa Rica Here comes mama Liza Minnelli digs up mother Judy Garland's remains and has them moved 3,000 miles from New York to Hollywood celebrity cemetery, 48 years after her death  'He's my escape from it all!' Faye Brookes credits boyfriend Gareth Gates following NTA win... as she admits there's extra pressure due to their schedules Playing without the boys! Josephine Skriver shows off her beach volleyball skills as Victoria's Secret models shoot sexy sporty set in Santa Monica 'She can't control her eye': Nicola McLean 'may need emergency corrective surgery after leaving Big Brother house' as new medical woes are revealed  Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  Seem to be serious 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculate pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including popcorn and pasta) 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  'What I should've said': Ayda Field shares funny NTAs debrief video with husband Robbie Williams... after her awkward presenting moment fell flat Out and a pout! Katie Price displays alarmingly fuller lips just one day after demure NTAs appearance... before she's slapped with a parking ticket  Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  From Page 3 girl to grown-up glamour: How Kelly Brook's astonishing wardrobe transformation has earned her an unlikely gig as a fashion editor Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke ABC thriller called Somewhere Between 'We're completely in love!' Delighted Alex Jones, 39, reveals she's given birth to a baby boy as she announces the news live on The One Show 'They look like great tits!' Kate Garraway has to apologise to viewers after Ben Shephard gets naughty talking about 'chasing birds' on Good Morning Britain Glum Megan McKenna appears downcast during solo outing... just hours after 'she was left hysterical amid furious row with beau Pete Wicks at NTAs' Whitney survives the Walford bus crash and soon feels well enough to snog her father-in-law Mick (Danny Dyer) in EastEnders, by Jim Shelley  Kim Kardashian starts new trend as she shows off PIERCED nails (but it's only for the truly pampered) Not for everyone  'I can do whatever the fig I like!' Nadia Sawalha defends her actions after she was caught on camera swearing about Loose Women losing at NTAs to This Morning 'We went for it!': EastEnders' Emma Barton reveals soap's cast did lift a REAL double decker bus while filming controversial crash scene 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  Ben Price QUITS Coronation Street to spend more time with his family after seven years playing Nick Tilsley Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Janet Jackson spotted out for first time since welcoming son Eissa just weeks ago as she shops at baby boutique in London A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Is that you, Charlene? Kylie Minogue provides a throwback to Neighbours in retro overall outfit as she starts work on wedding and a name change Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC Wait for us! Kylie Jenner holds King Cairo's hand as duo sprint to private jet for family trip to Costa Rica Playing stepmum She's a walking advert! Mary Berry totes her new recipe book as she arrives at the Radio 4 studios after taking a swipe at Paul Hollywood  Self-promotion He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a television appearance She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday 'Baby, I'm so proud of you!' Gareth Gates performs an impromptu rap in celebration of girlfriend Faye Brookes' NTA win as they relax in bed together 'Don Draper would be dead': Jon Hamm doesn't think his Mad Men character would be alive today He'd be in his 80s by now Astonishing forgiveness of fallen TV star Rory's wife: She stands by McGrath despite his 14-month harassment of married lover who ended affair 'You talk so much b****cks!': CBB's Nicola McLean unleashes a scathing attack on Jedward as she labels them 'f***ing p***ks' . 'I'm feeling for you': CBB's Jamie O'Hara forgives love-interest Bianca Gascoigne as the pair kiss and make-up... after she lied about being single Ladies who lunch! Cara Santana and Jamie Chung don knit jumpers for meal at WeHo restaurant Have yet to collaborate onscreen Braless Sam Faiers slips into risqué gown to flaunt her perky assets... as she flashes 'PK' phone case in homage to beau Paul Knightley and baby son  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala He will forever be known for his on-screen love  Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live By Night results in $75 million loss for Warner Bros The gangster flick has not made a profit Rod Stewart borrows style tips from Only Fools And Horses as he channels Del Boy in shearling coat and flat cap while touching down in NYC Cheeky Anna Friel lauds Paddy McGuinness' hunky physique... as they transform into Rocky characters for new sketch show Bond babe Olga Kurylenko flashes her BARE BREASTS in raunchy caged jumpsuit as she leads sizzling stars at Paris Fashion Week gala dinner So Fancy! Charli XCX goes green in an ab-flashing cropped tee with matching tracksuit bottoms as she shows off her painting skills during radio appearance In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day  Lottie Moss channels her inner zen at SAME Turkish retreat enjoyed by sister Kate before her infamous easyJet 'basic b***h' meltdown 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body Regained her personality Family business! Bella Hadid and brother Anwar pose up a storm in new Zadig & Voltaire ad campaign Working together for her latest modelling gig 'Practically twins': Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles shares sweet photo collage of super star and lookalike granddaughter Blue Ivy Posted on Instagram All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere Walking the red carpet Dazzling Depp! Lily-Rose, 17, sparkles in a shimmering cropped catsuit as she lends her rising star power to Paris fashion charity bash Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend A stroll through the neighbourhood  Coldplay star Chris Martin shows off his cycling form as he goes for a ride in revealing shorts in Malibu  It is not every day you see Chris on a bike Another day, ANOTHER soiree! Jet-setter Pixie Lott takes the plunge in stunning black gown as she parties in Paris, 24 hours after NTAs 'I'll miss you Mair': Valerie Harper, 77, takes to Twitter and posts emotional tribute to co-star Mary Tyler Moore To remember her beloved late co-star  Mike Connors of Mannix fame dies aged 91 ONE WEEK after being diagnosed with leukemia His son-in-law Mike confirmed the news Pamela Anderson looks chic in a white playsuit with wide-brimmed hat for Paris sightseeing trip... a day after surprise visit to France's refugees Ashley James continues to flaunt her newly-slimmed down frame as she slips into a tight plunging yellow dress for night out on the town 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Final Cut Pro Diary: A video novice takes the step up from iMovie Trending in Apple How to turn the 2016 MacBook Pro into a Windows gaming machine using the compact Akitio Thunder3 + GTX 1050 Ti [Video] Trending in Apple Smart Home Diary: Getting started with HomeKit Trending in Apple What’s next for iOS? We break down rumored Siri updates, Dark/Theatre Modes, AR features & much more Trending in Apple Opinion: An Apple display with built-in eGPU could be a smart move right now Trending in Apple Hands-on: Turbo charge your MacBook Pro graphics performance with the Akitio Node eGPU over Thunderbolt 3 [Video] Yesterday AAPL: 121.95 0.01 Comment: Sales figures show importance of India as a growth market as Apple leads premium segment Ben Lovejoy - Jan. 27th 2017 4:54 am PT @benlovejoy Opinion India View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit If you were in any doubt why Apple was going to so much trouble to deepen its foothold in India, new figures from Counterpoint Research provide the answer. While the global smartphone market grew only 3% last year, smartphone shipments in India grew by 18%. The growing middle class in the country also meant that, for the first time, there were no Indian brands in the top five as consumers start to spend more on their handsets. There was also good news for Apple … Apple achieved a landmark, crossing 2.5 Million units in a calendar year, with a 1/3 of its total shipment coming alone from the record fourth quarter driven by seasonality and the launch of iPhone 7. Apple captured 10th position in the smartphone rankings during Q4 2016. Apple also leads the premium segment, capturing a massive 62% of all sales in the ‘over $450’ category. The Cupertino company does, however, face stiff competition from both Samsung and Chinese brands. Samsung holds the number one slot, with a quarter of the market, while Chinese brands OPPO, Vivo, Lenovo and Xiaomi saw their combined share jump from 14% to 46%. While much of this will be in low-end smartphones, Chinese brands are increasingly pitching their flagship handsets as a lower-cost route to an iPhone-quality phone. Apple needs every edge it can get in the country, and both the visibility it will gain by opening Apple Stores and the patriotic appeal of ‘Made in India‘ labels on its iPhones will be important marketing weapons. More than 300M Indian consumers now own smartphones – that’s equivalent to almost the entire population of the USA – and there’s much more to come: the total population of India is more than 1.2 billion people. It’s the 7th largest economy in the world, and the third largest by purchasing power parity. So sure, it may be taking Apple a great deal of time and effort to do something as simple as open retail stores in the country, but the long-term rewards will more than repay the effort. Counterpoint data via CNET. Photo of Mumbai: Horse Power. Guides Opinion pieces & commentary View THe Guide India View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Saturday, January 28, 2017 5:00 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 30°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Apple shares back in vogue as Wall Street bets on iPhone surge Friday January 27, 2017 08:45 PM GMT+8 ICYMI Arsene Wenger slapped with four-game touchline ban The Edit: Head to Ferrari Land in Spain The Edit: Eddy Redmayne narrates audiobook The Edit: Nip-tuck business thrives Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article The Apple logo is seen on the facade of the new Apple Store in Paris, France, January 5, 2017. — Reuters picSAN FRANCISCO, Jan 27 — Wall Street has regained an appetite for Apple as investors bet that the release of a 10th-anniversary iPhone and pent up customer demand will shore up shrinking sales. The largest component of the S&P 500, Apple remained a core holding of Wall Street throughout a decline in the stock in the first half of last year. But a recent rebound and speculation about an expected new phone have kindled additional investor interest. Apple’s 15 per cent rally since mid-November pushed the stock to levels not seen in more than a year and boosted over 100 mutual funds that became shareholders in recent quarters. The gains have come even as Apple struggles with slow global demand for smartphones, made worse by consumers in key growth regions like China and India preferring Android devices selling for under US$200 (RM886). The stock is up 36 per cent from lows in May of last year, when it was plagued by worries about iPhone sales, which fell in 2016 for the first time. The shares are now down 8 per cent from a record high close in February 2015. Many on Wall Street expect Apple, which reports its fiscal first-quarter results on Tuesday, to mark the 10th anniversary of the iPhone this year with a dramatically improved model. Apple has not disclosed details, but analysts have speculated about potential new features including better haptic technology, wireless charging and a curved display that many believe will attract consumers who have begun to lose interest in smartphones. “We think this is going to be a pretty solid launch, a really big one,” said Brian Hennessey, portfolio manager of the Alpine Dynamic Dividend Fund, whose largest holding is Apple. “I think even the bears would probably suggest that this product that’s coming out is going to be pretty interesting and hard to ignore.” The number of mutual funds reporting they became Apple shareholders in recent quarterly filings has jumped by 188 per cent to 288, while the number of mutual funds liquidating their Apple holdings dropped by 25 per cent to 154, according to Morningstar. Strong sales of the iPhone 6S two years ago have arguably left a larger-than-normal base of customers now ready to upgrade to new devices in what several analysts have describe as a “supercyle”. Citing recent supply and demand checks, Morgan Stanley analyst Katy Huberty on January 16 cut her estimate for December-quarter iPhone shipments to 75 million units from 79 million, and she warned that Apple would likely give March-quarter guidance below investors’ expectations. But confident about pent up demand, Huberty raised her iPhone estimates for the fiscal year starting in October and said Apple remains a top pick. Apple’s recent stock gain makes the success of its next iPhone all the more crucial, said Trip Miller, managing partner of hedge fund Gullane Capital. Attracted to the healthy balance sheet and a price/earnings multiple that is low versus the S&P 500’s average, the fund added to an existing Apple stake after the stock swooned last year. Apple currently makes up about 5 per cent of its portfolio, Miller said. Apple is rushing to expand music streaming and other services that provide recurring revenues in a bid to offset lacklustre iPhones sales, which still account for 60 per cent of total revenue. “They really need to have a big value-add in the next product they come out with,” Miller said. Also sounding a cautious note, Barclays analyst Mark Moskowitz downgraded Apple on January 24 to “equal weight” from “overweight”, warning that this year’s new iPhones may not entice consumers increasingly content to keep their devices for three or four years, instead of two or three. Apple’s recent rally has left its stock trading at 12.9 times expected earnings, pricier than its five-year average of about 12.0 times expected earnings but far cheaper than the S&P 500’s multiple of 17.2 times earnings, according to Thomson Reuters Datastream. After three consecutive quarters of declines, Apple in the December-quarter is expected by analysts to report a 2 per cent increase in revenue to US$77.4 billion, according to Thomson Reuters data. Revenue for fiscal 2017 is expected by analysts to grow 5.5 per cent, recovering some of last year’s 7.7 per cent decline. — Reuters                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Wall Street slips after soft GDP data, earnings Stocks slip on earnings, data; dollar advances Zeti: Sale of 1MDB’s assets to China firm has no impact on market Microsoft’s market value tops US$500b again after 17 years Ringgit ends lower against US dollar Trump pulls US out of Pacific trade deal, loosening Asia ties (VIDEO) US dollar slides near seven-week lows on fading Trump trade Saudi Aramco shelves plans for RAPID venture with Petronas, source says Ringgit to trade softer against US dollar next week At some Singapore suburban malls, retailers confront the sound of silence Most Watched Now Week See this new clip for ‘John Wick: Chapter 2’ Reuters Video: Alexa versus Siri Reuters Video: Arsenal's Wenger receives four match touchline ban Reuters Video: Mexicans build makeshift wall around US embassy in Trump protest Reuters Video: President Trump, Melania share 'first dance' Reuters Video: Marketing experts on how best to spend money, time, energy in 2017 Related Articles Apple joins group devoted to keeping AI nice Apple updates GarageBand and Logic Pro X 2017 MacBook Pros could get latest-gen processors Apple to unveil augmented reality glasses in 2017? KPDNKK rampas iPhone, iPad tiruan lebih RM350,000 Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC News News navigation Sections Find local news Home UK World Business Politics Tech selected Science Health Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability Technology Technology Apple Watch 'not syncing' in cheap deal By Zoe Kleinman Technology reporter, BBC News 27 January 2017 From the section Technology Share Share this with Email Share this with Email Facebook Share this with Facebook Messenger Share this with Messenger Messenger Share this with Messenger Twitter Share this with Twitter Pinterest Share this with Pinterest WhatsApp Share this with WhatsApp LinkedIn Share this with LinkedIn Copy this link http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/technology-38769785 Read more about sharing. Close share panel Image copyright Vitality Image caption Customers need to acquire 160 activity points per month to avoid paying extra for the watch Some customers who purchased the latest Apple Watch for £69 ($86) under a deal offered by Vitality Insurance are complaining that their activity data is not being uploaded by the firm's app. If certain levels of activity are not logged every month customers are charged extra for the device. The Apple Watch usually costs £369 in the UK. The firm said a small number of customers were affected and some had synced their devices incorrectly. Vitality declined to give figures of how many had taken up the offer. Under the deal, customers who do not submit enough activity points per month have to pay an extra sum of up to £12.50 every time they fall behind. The contract lasts for two years. Anna Holt, from Winchester, told the BBC she and her partner had both taken up the offer, and while his data had synced, hers had not. She was advised to email screenshots of her activity data to the customer service team, she said. "It defeats the object," she said. "There seem to be a lot of others complaining about it online." Overnight, her device suddenly started syncing, she said. There is no issue with the Apple product itself. The Vitality UK app, which has a number of features for customers alongside tracking the Apple Watch data, has a large number of poor reviews on the app store and the majority of the 667 ratings it has received so far give it one star, the lowest score. One reviewer complained in November that only steps and not running data were syncing while another said on 10 January that steps were only being recorded as zero. "I have to constantly email customer service to get them to update it manually," they wrote. Another described the app as "well-intentioned but muddled, frustrating, constantly changing and usually not working". Vitality has been contacted for comment. Share this story About sharing Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp LinkedIn More on this story The proven health trackers saving thousands of lives 15 November 2016 Are fitbands the future of genetic research? 28 January 2016 Top Stories Veteran actor Sir John Hurt dies at 77 The Bafta-winning Elephant Man and Alien star was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer in 2015. 28 January 2017 Trump closes borders to Syria refugees 28 January 2017 May meets Trump: Three key things 27 January 2017 Features Born into a cult Surviving the London sect that locked me away for 30 years Spinster act The 'opera groupies' who hoodwinked the Nazis Quiz of the week's news A weekly quiz of the news, 7 days 7 questions. Bomber jackets and BBQs The gifts US and UK leaders have swapped Royal recognition What's the secret behind Ant & Dec's success? Video Parris and polyswag The newest hip hop dance queen Video Weird workplaces Why storage warehouses are turning into offices News navigation Sections Home UK UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland Alba Wales Cymru World World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada Business Business Home Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Politics Politics Home Parliaments Brexit NI Election 2017 Tech selected Science Health Education Education Home School Report Global Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability BBC News Services On your mobile On your connected tv Get news alerts Contact BBC News Explore the BBC News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
e-paper India Follow us: Today in New Delhi, India Jan 27, 2017-Friday -°C New Delhi Humidity - Wind - select city Metro cities - Delhi Mumbai Chennai Kolkata Other cities - Noida Gurgaon Bengaluru Hyderabad Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Lucknow Patna Ranchi Powered by Close india world cities opinion cricket sports entertainment lifestyle tech education what now photos videos Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Mycollegesabroad Desimartini Presenting sponsor co-sponsor partner Xiaomi slips over lack of innovation as Oppo, Vivo lead in China: Report tech Updated: Jan 27, 2017 17:36 IST IANS The key reason for the decline was Xiaomi’s rivals racing ahead with key features, innovation, bigger marketing budgets and wider online and offline distribution channel during the year. Xiaomi, touted as the ‘Apple’ of China, slipped to fourth spot in 2016 as the demand for its smartphones declined 22 per cent annually in the country, a report revealed on Friday. The key reason for the decline was Xiaomi’s rivals racing ahead with key features, innovation, bigger marketing budgets and wider online and offline distribution channel during the year. Huawei, Oppo and Vivo emerged as clear winners with Oppo and Vivo registering significant growth, said the report from by market analytics firm Counterpoint Research. Read: Xiaomi sells over 2.5 lakh Redmi Note 4 phones in 10 minutes “The final quarter of the year was marked with series of flagship upgrades from key brands such as Apple, Oppo, Huawei, Xiaomi which catalysed the smartphone demand in China healthier than last year,” said James Yan, Research Director, Counterpoint, in a statement. The demand for smartphones in China remained healthy during the fourth quarter of 2016 as smartphone shipments were up 12 per cent annually and nine per cent sequentially, driving the full-year growth. Only five brands registered healthy growth during the full year. Oppo, Huawei, Vivo, Meizu and Gionee drove the majority of the volume, capturing a combined 58 per cent of the total Chinese smartphone market. Read: Former Xiaomi executive Barra joins Facebook to lead virtual reality business “Demand for rest of the brands declined, especially last year’s star performers Xiaomi and Apple with lower-than-expected demand for their smartphones during the year,” Yan added. Apple, with slowing traction for its flagship iPhone 6s during the year, saw its double-digit negative growth, being somewhat offset by relatively healthy demand for the newer flagship iPhone 7 series in fourth quarter of 2016, the findings showed. However, Apple still remains in a vulnerable position and there is higher expectation already with the next year flagship which is rumoured to be a substantial upgrade from both design and components perspective. Read: Xiaomi India crosses $1 billion in revenue in 2016 In terms of features, the key focus remained on proliferation of smartphones with fingerprint sensors, 4G+/VoLTE ready, fast-charging, OLED displays, battery, adoption of dual rear cameras and higher megapixel front-camera for selfies, the report added. tags Xiaomi Oppo Vivo lead in China Chinese smartphones more from tech Google banned 1.7 billion ‘misleading’ ads in 2016 Jan 27, 2017 18:13 IST Aadhaar enrolment at 111 crore, fetched Rs 36,144 crore savings: Minister Jan 27, 2017 17:41 IST Confessions of a rampant dataholic Promotional feature Recommended for you India World Business Education Autos Real estate Opinion Analysis Columns Editorials Blogs Authors Cities Delhi Gurgaon Noida Mumbai Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Kolkata Lucknow Patna Ranchi Sports Cricket Football Tennis Others Entertainment Movie reviews Bollywood Hollywood Regional movies World cinema TV Music Tabloid Lifestyle Sex & relationship Health & fitness Fashion & trends Art & culture Travel Books Brunch Tech Tech Reviews Gadgets Photos Videos Epaper HT Indepth Punjab Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Desimartini HTsyndication Follow us on: Newsletter Register with Hindustan Times to get best news and articles Copyright © HT Media Limited All rights reserved. About us Contact us Privacy policy Disclaimer Print Ad rates Jobs Food regulator frames unsafe food-recall policy Jan 27, 2017 19:05 IST President Mukherjee accepts resignation of Meghalaya governor... Jan 27, 2017 18:25 IST Water levels in 91 reservoirs across dip to 51% of their... Jan 27, 2017 18:33 IST PM Modi, Parrikar let down soldiers on One Rank One Pension, says... Jan 27, 2017 18:14 IST Andhra Pradesh special status: Pawan Kalyan attacks govt for... Jan 27, 2017 17:58 IST UP election: Violence-hit Dadri sees first-ever Muslim woman... Jan 27, 2017 18:34 IST Body of fisherman who died in Pak jail to arrive on Feb 2 Jan 27, 2017 17:19 IST Beijing urges officials to not burst crackers during Spring Festival Jan 27, 2017 18:48 IST 10 civilians killed in Turkish strikes in IS-held Syria, says rights... Jan 27, 2017 18:16 IST CIA reported six sightings of UFOs over India, Bhutan and Nepal Jan 27, 2017 18:39 IST Migrant influx pushes German population to record high of 82.8 million Jan 27, 2017 17:34 IST Japan says preparing for all possible US trade contingencies Jan 27, 2017 17:15 IST Al-Shabab, Kenya claim dozens of deaths in Somalia attack Jan 27, 2017 17:11 IST White House misspells British PM’s name, confuses it with a porn... Jan 27, 2017 17:19 IST delhi gurgaon noida mumbai bhopal chandigarh dehradun indore jaipur kolkata lucknow patna ranchi Romancing at Talkatora: Delhi’s Chashme Baddoor garden will be lovable again Jan 27, 2017 18:34 IST UP elections: Only 10 women fielded from Gautam Budh Nagar district... Jan 27, 2017 19:03 IST Gurgaon: US- based doctor duped by Delhi domestic help agency Jan 27, 2017 18:17 IST Heavy rainfall affects work to restore power in Gurgaon Jan 27, 2017 17:48 IST UP election: Violence-hit Dadri sees first-ever Muslim woman... Jan 27, 2017 18:34 IST Bihar ex-CM Manjhi lodges case over fake Twitter account Jan 27, 2017 16:43 IST Top five stories from Mumbai you shouldn’t miss Jan 27, 2017 16:25 IST Delhi baby beaters: Why mothers are turning angry, violent Jan 27, 2017 18:47 IST UP: When a tailor won elections against Congress on just Rs 12 Jan 27, 2017 16:05 IST analysis columns editorials blogs authors A differential rate of GST on services is a bad idea Jan 27, 2017 18:13 IST The inside story of Rahul-Akhilesh alliance for UP polls Jan 27, 2017 18:11 IST Political appointees to PSU boards undermines Modi’s push for... Jan 27, 2017 17:23 IST Sexist leaders like Yadav, Katiyar, need lessons in gender sensitivity Jan 27, 2017 14:45 IST Shah Rukh Khan, don’t blame the media if we don’t have an... Jan 27, 2017 16:55 IST Sri Lanka confident ahead of first ODI encounter against South Africa Jan 27, 2017 19:00 IST India vs England series turning point of career, says Kedar Jadhav Jan 27, 2017 17:43 IST South Africa pacer Lungi Ngidi ruled out for ODI series against Sri... Jan 27, 2017 15:48 IST Matthew Wade appointed Australia skipper for New Zealand ODIs Jan 27, 2017 15:39 IST David Warner leaves AB de Villiers, Virat Kohli behind to attain No.1... Jan 27, 2017 17:46 IST football tennis other sports ht gifa Sri Lanka confident ahead of first ODI encounter against South Africa Jan 27, 2017 19:00 IST Russian Weightlifting Federation withdraws CAS appeal against... Jan 27, 2017 18:35 IST Abhinav Bindra appointed chairman of Target Olympic Podium (TOP)... Jan 27, 2017 18:18 IST Despite ‘Dangal’ success, money has little appeal for... Jan 27, 2017 18:07 IST Premier League: Sunderland FC defender Papy Djilobodji banned... Jan 27, 2017 17:44 IST movie reviews bollywood hollywood regional movies world cinema tv music tabloid Iranian star of Oscar nominated film shuns Academy Awards in protest of Trump Jan 27, 2017 18:33 IST Sanjay Leela Bhansali roughed up, set vandalised during Padmavati... Jan 27, 2017 19:05 IST Raees earns Rs 46.72 cr in two days, but will it cross Rs 150 cr mark? Jan 27, 2017 17:38 IST Moonlight: Here’s when you can see the multiple Oscar nominated... Jan 27, 2017 17:15 IST Filmfare feud: Harshvardhan Kapoor apologises to Diljit Dosanjh Jan 27, 2017 15:38 IST sex & relationships health & fitness fashion & trends art & culture travel books more from lifestyle brunch weekend Food regulator frames unsafe food-recall policy Jan 27, 2017 19:05 IST Kunal Vijayakar on the culinary delights of a Parsi wedding Jan 27, 2017 17:31 IST Writer Karishma Attari on why women authors often resort to pen names Jan 27, 2017 16:37 IST The only six tips to wear and buy lingerie you will ever need Jan 27, 2017 15:17 IST Barbie vaginas: More and more women are going under the knife to get... Jan 27, 2017 13:48 IST Google banned 1.7 billion ‘misleading’ ads in 2016 Jan 27, 2017 18:13 IST Aadhaar enrolment at 111 crore, fetched Rs 36,144 crore savings:... Jan 27, 2017 17:41 IST Xiaomi slips over lack of innovation as Oppo, Vivo lead in China:... Jan 27, 2017 17:36 IST Over 50% cybercrime victims fail to recover lost money: Report Jan 27, 2017 17:01 IST Facebook introduces ‘security key’ to protect data Jan 27, 2017 15:44 IST Gmail users can’t send Javascript files from February 13 Jan 27, 2017 15:46 IST Facebook is changing the way it ranks videos Jan 27, 2017 15:15 IST UPSC CDS Exam (I) 2016 final results declared, check them here Jan 27, 2017 17:59 IST CBSE changes dates of Class 10, 12 examination 2017, check them here Jan 27, 2017 19:00 IST BJP Puducherry unit backs centre’s decision on NEET Jan 27, 2017 15:41 IST India love: when Harvard and Tata Trusts joined hands for survival of... Jan 26, 2017 17:15 IST UP Board Exam 2017: Revised timetable released, check them here Jan 25, 2017 20:20 IST Republic Day parade: India’s military might, culture on display Jan 26, 2017 21:47 IST Tricolour lights up night sky as India celebrates 68th Republic Day Jan 26, 2017 15:20 IST Marching down Rajpath: Beating retreat rehearsal begins Jan 25, 2017 10:36 IST Colours of patriotism: Getting the Tricolour ready for R-Day in Mumbai Jan 25, 2017 09:39 IST R-Day rehearsals show the many colours of India Jan 23, 2017 12:53 IST Punjab elections: Rahul Gandhi names Captain Amarinder as Congress CM candidate Jan 27, 2017 17:21 IST After Jallikattu, people protest ban on buffalo racing, Kambala Jan 27, 2017 15:28 IST Blackbuck case | Salman to record statement before court today Jan 27, 2017 13:43 IST Caught on camera: Mother flings infant son down the stairs in Delhi Jan 27, 2017 15:07 IST Palette problem: Delhi Metro running out of colours for new lines Jan 27, 2017 15:28 IST education business ht-indepth real-estate autos punjab epaper ht-brand stories
close This ad will auto close in 10 seconds हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা தமிழ் हिन्दी हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা தமிழ் Live TV Live TV Toggle navigation INDIA City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Business Economy Markets Personal Finance Companies International Business Real Estate Market Stats Bullion Automobile SPORTS Football Tennis Badminton Other sports Cricket TECHNOLOGY Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science Entertainment Bollywood Television Music Regional Movie Reviews Hollywood LIFESTYLE People Relationships Travel Food & Recipes Fashion Culture Horoscope Spirituality HEALTH Blogs Photo VIDEO News » Technology ﻿ Apple looking to manufacture iPhones in India By Zee Media Bureau | Last Updated: Friday, January 27, 2017 - 18:04 0 Shares Facebook Twitter Whatsapp  Comment Follow @ZeeNews New Delhi: In the latest, Apple executives had a meeting with the Indian government officials on Wednesday so as to discuss a plan to make iPhones in the southern city of Bangalore. The iPhone maker is trying hard to increase its presence in the fast-growing south Asian country as global sales stagnate. A year ago, it applied to open retail stores in India..Apple currently sells iPhones and other products in India through local distributors, but it lags far behind Samsung and Chinese brands such as Xiaomi, Oppo and Lenovo in terms of market share. India is pursuing a "Make in India" campaign to attract companies such as Apple. Prime Minister Narendra Modi`s government has taken several steps to promote foreign investments, including partial exemptions to a rule that overseas firms must source 30 percent of raw materials locally.But so far it has stopped short of granting additional concessions to Apple, according to local media reports. The potential payoff is huge. India has more than 300 million Smartphone users, according to technology research firm Counterpoint. It is projected to overtake the U.S. as the world`s second largest Smartphone market this year.India`s fast-growing middle class presents an obvious opportunity, but with average annual incomes of $1,500, most of its 1.3 billion people can`t afford Apple`s expensive products. "If you`re importing complete units the taxes for those are increasing and we don`t see the government backing down in that regard. For Apple, not having manufacturing in India raises the price of the iPhone even more," said Kiranjeet Kaur, a research analyst at consulting firm IDC. With ANI Inputs First Published: Friday, January 27, 2017 - 18:04 More from zeenews   India Manipur CM not doing his bit to resolve economic blockade: Javadekar Soviets supplied money to Congress party in covert contributions, claims CIA US thought India will capture PoK after Bangladesh war: CIA More from India World Donald Trump restricts entry of refugees in US from these seven Muslim countries Donald Trump vows `new vetting` to weed out Islamic radicals Donald Trump hails Brexit as he meets Theresa May More from World Sports AUS Open, Women's Singles Final LIVE: Serena Williams takes on sister Venus in title clash Dangal: Here's the sum much Mahavir Singh Phogat got after movie surpassed Rs. 300 crore mark FC Barcelona star Lionel Messi's first coach Ernesto Vecchio dies at age of 65 More from Sports Entertainment Alia Bhatt on latest Vogue cover will wash away your morning blues! Padmavati row: Rajasthan Home Minister Gulab Singh Kataria assures probe, condemns attack on Sanjay Leela Bhansali Jagga Jasoos: Katrina Kaif and Ranbir Kapoor's South Africa shoot diary! PIC More from Entertaiment Health Top five cooking oils for good health! Tired of acne? Drink these refreshing smoothies to get rid of it! Know how pollution affect your eyes! More from Health Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Most Read Most Viewed Will Mayawati bring law and order in UP with support from Mukhtar Ansari? J&K: Six soldiers killed as two avalanches hit Gurez sector Europe: Frozen Danube river becomes skaters' paradise J&K: 10 soldiers killed, 4 missing as 2 avalanches hit Gurez sector Mexico's Colima volcano eruption spurs ash warning 1st T20I: On debut, did Parvez Rasool insult the national anthem during India-England match? Pakistan may not qualify for 2019 Cricket World Cup: ICC IND vs ENG, 1st T20I - As it happened.. How public greeted PM Narendra Modi as he walked down Rajpath on Republic Day - WATCH WATCH: Did Parvez Rasool insult national anthem prior to 1st T20I between India and England? TAGS iPhones Xiaomi Oppo Lenovo Make in India Samsung Chinese brands Photos A kiss to mom last night- Elli AvrRam; Selfie time- Shamita Shetty; In a suit by hugoboss- Arjun Kapoor Britains Queen Elizabeth II arrives at the Fiji Exhibition; Protest against Sanjay Leela Bhansali 10 Healthy Foods You Should Eat Top Videos Filmmaker Sanjay Leela Bhansali assaulted on Padmavati sets in Jaipur Ghaziabad: Elderly BJP leader stabbed to death Watch: Shocking footage of Delhi woman throwing her child down stairs Panel discussion on Indian soldiers who lost their lives in J&K avalanches More from other Sections AUS Open, Men's singles final, PREVIEW: Roger Federer vs Rafael Nadal, captivating but lopsided rivalry PCB chief selector Inzamam-ul-Haq indirectly advices Misbah-ul-Haq to step down from captaincy Take your pick! Top ingredients to detox your skin this season Shahid Kapoor's commando bonding for 'Rangoon' REVEALED! Trouble-free ways to combat hair loss – Read You can fight obesity by looking at commercials of healthy foods – Know how! contact Privacy Policy Legal Disclaimer complaint Our Team investor info WHERE TO WATCH Careers Partner Site: DNA INDIA news India States World Technology Science & Environment Health Photo entertainment Bollywood television Music Regional Movie Reviews Hollywood lifestyle People Relationships Travel Food & Recipes Fashion Culture Horoscope Spirituality sports Cricket Badminton Football Tennis Other Sports business Automobile Economy Markets Personal Finance Market Stats Companies Real Estate Bullion International Business India City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Technology Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science Hindi Home देश प्रदेश दुनिया खेल-खिलाड़ी कारोबार ज्ञान-विज्ञान मनोरंजन ज़ी स्पेशल सेहत तस्वीरें वीडियो भविष्यफल Marathi Home मुंबई महाराष्ट्र भारत विश्व स्पोर्ट्स बार कल्लाबाजी हेल्थ मंत्रा ब्लॉगर्स पार्क युथ क्लब Exclusive फोटो व्हिडिओ भविष्य Bengali Home Kolkata State Nation World Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Health Photos Videos Slideshows Weather Inverstors Home About ZMCL Listing Document Shareholding Pattern Presentations & Releases Board of Directors Financials-Annual Financials-Quarterly Q&A Transcripts Code of Conduct Notices © 1998-2017 Zee Media Corporation Ltd (An Essel Group Company), All rights reserved.
Politics | Arts & Entertainment | Style & Design | Business & Technology | Search for: Submit Observer Politics National New York New Jersey International Editorials Arts & Entertainment Art Movies Music Performing Arts TV Style & Design Fashion Food & Drink Health & Wellness Home Design Real Estate Travel Business & Technology Deals Innovators Internet Culture Media Startups Subscribe to Newsletters MY SO-CALLED DIGITAL LIFE • Opinion Apple and Sonos Would Be a Match Made in Acquisition Heaven They need each other, whether they know it or not By Rich Jaroslovsky • 01/27/17 7:30am The Apple store on Regent Street in London, England. Apple’s retail stores currently sell Sonos’ wireless multi-room speaker. Leon Neal/Getty Images Apple’s retail stores recently began selling Sonos’ wireless multi-room speakers. With all due respect to the folks in Cupertino, they have it backwards. Apple shouldn’t sell Sonos; it should buy it. Here in Silicon Valley, speculating on who should acquire whom is a favorite parlor game. Google should buy Twitter! Oracle should buy Salesforce! Occasionally, the speculation—Microsoft should buy LinkedIn!—even comes true. In the case of Sonos and Apple, each has something the other needs to position itself for the future. Apple needs an in-the-home base for Siri, its voice-activated intelligent assistant; Sonos has an installed base of smart devices that need to be made even smarter. The catalyst is the new category of gadgets pioneered by Amazon’s Echo and Google Home. Like Sonos, they connect to and play music from streaming services such as Spotify and Pandora. But they also incorporate voice recognition, and the real aim for each is to establish itself as the central in-home hub for controlling smart devices, summoning pizzas and Ubers, shopping, and a myriad other online services. If they succeed, both Apple and Sonos risk being left behind, albeit for different reasons. Ironically in light of subsequent developments, Apple was early to realize the potential importance of voice-recognition technology. Back in 2010, it snapped up fledgling app-maker Siri Inc., killed plans to create Blackberry and Android versions of the software, and instead baked it into the iPhone 4s that was released the following year. Siri was eventually joined by similar services from Apple competitors, most notably Microsoft’s Cortana and what’s now known as Google Assistant, the brain behind Google Home. Over the last five years, Apple has added Siri to iPads, Apple TVs, Macs and the Apple Watch. On iPhones, iPads and the watch, Siri—like the Echo and Google Home—is always listening for its wake phrase (“Hey, Siri”) to spring into action. But having it on such personal devices imposes a couple of important limitations. It is more of a hassle to extract a phone from pocket or purse, as opposed to simply speaking out loud to a centrally located device with powerful-enough microphones to pick up a command from a couple rooms away. In addition, personal devices are by definition personal, while a standalone device can be utilized by anyone in the family. Apple, like everyone else, was taken by surprise when the Echo and its intelligent-assistant software, Alexa, emerged as a consumer hit. While Apple needs to figure out how to address the need Amazon identified, it doesn’t have to panic: the market for connected hubs is still in its infancy. Sure, Amazon has sold an estimated seven million or more Echoes in two years, but Apple sells that many iPhones (at considerably higher prices) every two weeks. For Sonos, though, the situation is considerably more urgent: it risks becoming collateral damage as its single-purpose music system comes up against the far more versatile Amazon and Google devices. The Santa Barbara, California-based company had sales in 2015 of about $1 billion, but it has since come under pressure from Amazon. It laid off staff last year, and co-founder John MacFarlane announced his resignation as CEO earlier this month. “I tried Echo in the beginning and wrote it off,” he told The New York Times. “I had too many distractions at that time. I wasn’t playing at the level I should have been playing at, in all frankness.” For now, Sonos still has a wide lead in the sound-quality department. Even its entry-level Play:1 speaker ($199) is worlds better than either the Echo ($180) or Google Home ($129). But there’s nothing to keep Amazon or Google from building better sound quality into their offerings, and/or partnering with Sonos competitors such as Bose. Google Home, for one, has already duplicated one of Sonos’s key features: the ability to group and synchronize multiple speakers to play the same music throughout the house. Sonos is now scrambling to position itself in the new voice-controlled world, including announcing a partnership with Amazon to allow Echo users to control their Sonos systems. If Apple really were to buy the company, that partnership would surely be quickly consigned to the same fate as Siri for BlackBerry. For Apple, owning Sonos wouldn’t be much of a stretch. The two companies share a go-it-alone, we’ll-do-it-our-way corporate culture. They also appeal to a similar demographic and, as CEO Tim Cook has observed, “Music runs deep in Apple’s DNA,” going back to the original iPod and iTunes Store. Though long forgotten, the company even made its own speaker for a while. And of course, it already owns headphone-maker Beats. Sonos would fit right in. So will it happen? Probably not. Apple may simply decide to come out with its own Echo competitor, though just playing “me too” is generally not how it likes to do things. And privately held Sonos has given no public indication that it’s interested in selling itself. But should it happen? It makes all kinds of sense. Rich Jaroslovsky is an Observer technology columnist and vice president of SmartNewsInc. Reach him at richj@observer.com or @RichJaro on Twitter. Up Next‘Un Padre No Tan Padre’ Is A Pleasing But Familiar Family Comedy from Mexico Article continues below More from Culture ‘Un Padre No Tan Padre’ Is A Pleasing But Familiar Family Comedy from Mexico Up Next‘Un Padre No Tan Padre’ Is A Pleasing But Familiar Family Comedy from Mexico Observer About Newsletters Advertise Contact Privacy Terms Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Please click here if you are not redirected within a few seconds. KitGuru The KitGuru System Home News Reviews Gaming Lifestyle Mobile Professional Forum Home / Channel / Tax heaven – Apple to move international iTunes HQ to Ireland Tax heaven – Apple to move international iTunes HQ to Ireland Jon Martindale 21 hours ago Channel Apple is set to move its international iTunes headquarters from Luxembourg to Ireland, beginning in February. This new HQ will cover everything from its non-US iTunes Store, to Apple Music, the main App Store and iBooks Store, which means that when it comes to filing tax returns on all of those businesses, it will be able to take further advantage of Ireland’s low rates. This is a move that shouldn’t come as a huge surprise, as Apple did allude to such a move towards the end of 2016. It has also already moved over £7 billion of iTunes assets to the country (as per Ars). Developer contracts have also been transferred to Apple’s Irish branch, Apple Distribution International. Apple’s tax avoidance seems to continue infinitely too. Source: Nurmib/Wikimedia The main reason for the move seems likely to be motivated by tax. Apple has effectively paid just 0.005 per cent tax on its earnings in Ireland over the past few years, which is why last year the EU ordered the government there to collect a further £10.8 billion from the Cupertino company. Apple and Ireland’s government have both announced their intention to appeal the decision, so it could be that this move is designed to show some solidarity with Apple’s partner in tax avoidance. Moving its headquarters to Ireland could see even more international funds funnelled through the country, which if it is successful with its appeal, could see the company avoid paying even more tax. Apple is also currently building a new facility in Athenry, Ireland too, which will house all of the data from its international iTunes and iCloud business. Discuss on our Facebook page, HERE. KitGuru Says: It’s one of the most frustrating things in the world to hear politicians talk about austerity measures and cut backs, when companies like Apple, Google and Facebook pay thousands of a per cent of the taxes they owe.  Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Pinterest Tags Apple news Tax Haven Previous Upgrade your 2010-2016 ford with connected smart features Next Thermal paste head-to-head – does it matter which brand you use? Check Also The 8Pack OrionX is a £24k monster of a rig Back at Computex 2016, we got our first look at 8Pack’s latest creation, the OrionX, … Polls Which system memory next? Corsair Crucial G.Skill Geil HyperX Patriot Samsung Other View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive KitGuru Facebook Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 © Copyright 2017, Kitguru.net All Rights Reserved
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise Go! ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Follow us on social: AI Apple joins Amazon, Google, Facebook in ‘Partnership on AI’ research project Chris O'Brien@obrien January 27, 2017 4:22 AM Tags: Amazon, DeepMind, Facebook, Google, IBM, Microsoft, top-stories An AI research group backed by some of the biggest names in tech announced today that another giant was joining its project. Partnership on AI wrote in a blog post that Apple would become a founding member. Apple will now work alongside original founding members Amazon, DeepMind/Google, Facebook, IBM, and Microsoft in a high-profile display of cooperation among companies that can often be heated rivals. “Diversity of thought across the organization is crucial to ensure that we effectively explore and address the influences of AI on people and society, provide guidance on AI best practices, and seek to advance the public’s understanding of AI,” says the blog post. “We are committed to having balanced representation at the leadership, executive, and operations levels.” The original members announced the formation of the group last September with the goal of ensuring that AI research doesn’t go completely haywire and wipe out humanity. Or, as they put it, to “address opportunities and challenges with AI technologies to benefit people and society.” Members of the group have agreed to collaborate to establish best practices and publish their research under an open license. The group said Apple has been working with the other companies from the start but is now making its membership official. Apple will be represented on the partnership’s board by Tom Gruber, head of advanced development for Siri. Gruber was a cofounder of Siri, which was acquired by Apple in 2010. In addition, the partnership announced other members of its first board: Dario Amodei of OpenAi, the Elon Musk-backed research group Subbarao Kambhampati of the Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence Deirdre Mulligan of the University of California at Berkeley Carol Rose of the American Civil Liberties Union Eric Sears of the MacArthur Foundation Jason Furman of the Peterson Institute of International Economics Of the founding members, board members include: Greg Corrado of Google/DeepMind Ralf Herbrich of Amazon Eric Horvitz of Microsoft Yann Lecun of Facebook Francesca Rossi of IBM The first board meeting is scheduled for February 3 in San Francisco.   ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.

Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Apple hired the Dropcam founder who clashed with Tony Fadell Kif Leswing Jan. 25, 2017, 2:59 PM 3,288 facebook linkedin twitter email print Greg DuffyGetty/Brian Ach Apple has hired Greg Duffy, a well-known entrepreneur who previously founded Dropcam and worked at Alphabet company Nest, an Apple spokesperson confirmed to Business Insider. The hire was first reported by The Information.  Duffy may be "leading a special project at Apple that is operating like a startup within the company," The Information reported on Wednesday, citing people who know Duffy.  Apple sometimes breaks out teams to focus on work independently. For example, Project Titan, Apple's electric self-driving car project, has been described as functioning as a separate company.  Duffy made his fortune when Nest, then a part of Google, bought his company Dropcam for $555 million.  But his stint at Nest didn't go smoothly after he butted heads with then-CEO Tony Fadell (a former high-ranking Apple exec), who he called a "tyrant bureaucrat" before he decided to quit. It's hard to imagine Duffy fitting into Apple's rigid corporate structure, where even small projects have a designated person in charge. But his hire could signal that Apple is looking for product visionaries, and giving them the freedom to come up with totally new ideas as the iPhone's growth has stopped. Visit Markets Insider for constantly updated market quotes for individual stocks, ETFs, indices, commodities and currencies traded around the world. Go Now! SEE ALSO: 3D TV is dead NOW WATCH: The story of Lisa Brennan-Jobs, the daughter Steve Jobs claimed wasn't his Loading video... More: Apple Nest Dropcam Markets Insider facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Apple hired the Dropcam founder who clashed with Tony Fadell Apple hired the Dropcam founder who clashed with Tony Fadell Apple has hired Greg Duffy, a well-known... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Hockey great 'King Henrik' Lundqvist on growing up in a tiny Swedish town and his dad's advice to 'dream big' Read Lundqvist's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Final Cut Pro Diary: A video novice takes the step up from iMovie Trending in Apple How to turn the 2016 MacBook Pro into a Windows gaming machine using the compact Akitio Thunder3 + GTX 1050 Ti [Video] Trending in Apple Smart Home Diary: Getting started with HomeKit Trending in Apple What’s next for iOS? We break down rumored Siri updates, Dark/Theatre Modes, AR features & much more Trending in Apple Opinion: An Apple display with built-in eGPU could be a smart move right now Trending in Apple Hands-on: Turbo charge your MacBook Pro graphics performance with the Akitio Node eGPU over Thunderbolt 3 [Video] Yesterday AAPL: 121.95 0.01 Microsoft says Windows PCs competing more strongly in premium market led by Apple Ben Lovejoy - Jan. 27th 2017 4:06 am PT @benlovejoy Mac Microsoft View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Announcing a 5% increase in revenue from Windows licenses to third-party manufacturers, Microsoft’s CFO Amy Hood said that PCs were succeeding in encroaching on the premium end of the market traditionally dominated by Apple … Our partner ecosystem continued to see growth and share gains in the Windows premium device category.  As Business Insider notes, Microsoft defines ‘premium devices’ as computers costing $900+, which is significantly above the mainstream consumer market for Windows laptops but is a starting point below the entry-level for Macs. It’s notable that the company didn’t put any specific figures on either sales growth or gain in market share, but the claim tallies with Apple’s own numbers showing the first year-on-year sales decline in Macs since 2001. A recent analyst report noted that Apple has now dropped to #5 in computer sales, having been overtaken by ASUS. However, it should also be noted that Microsoft was talking about third-party PCs. Despite an earlier claim that more Mac users were switching to its own Surface range than ever before, the company has not posted any numbers to back this. As for Macs themselves, a recent reader poll showed that despite Apple’s increasing focus on laptops over desktops, preferences are pretty evenly split between the two form-factors. Guides Mac View THe Guide Microsoft View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Investing Trading Strategies0 How to Turn Any Protest into Profits Trading Strategies0 JPMorgan's CEO Sees Profits Ahead. Are You Ready? Trading Strategies0 What I Got Right (and Wrong) in 2016 Trading Strategies0 Why Sears Is Still the Most Dangerous Stock on Wall Street Trading Strategies0 Part Two: Big Changes Will Produce Big Profits for Savvy Investors 2 2017: Big Changes Will Produce Big Profits for Savvy Investors Get the Latest Trading Insight with Keith Fitz-Gerald Total Wealth Research Subscribe to this free eLetter! High Velocity Profits Private service. Not a member? The Money Map Report Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Keith Fitz-Gerald Keith Fitz-Gerald close Trading Investing Ideas0 This Market Correction Omen Just Isn't What It Used to Be Investing Ideas0 If You're Not In, You Need to Get In Now – Here Are Three New Positions Investing Ideas0 Trump's New Policy Has Everyone Talking – Here's What You Have to Say Investing Ideas0 Why Trump's Tax Plan Is a Slap in the Face to the Middle Class Investing Ideas1 How Trump's Supposed "Tax Cut" Could Actually Get Companies to Pay More Washington2 How to Play the Markets Before Trump's Inauguration Get the Latest Trading Insight with Shah Gilani Wall Street Insights & Indictments Subscribe to this free eLetter! Captial Wave Forecast Private service. Not a member? Short-Side Fortunes Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Shah Gilani Shah Gilani close Credit Markets Global Markets0 We Called This Flashing Danger Signal Back in October – Here's What's Next Global Markets0 Here's What to Do If Trump Kills the Dollar Global Markets0 Get In on the Ground Floor for This Retail Meltdown Global Markets0 Your Pre-Inauguration Market Briefing Global Markets0 This Is the Only Number That Can "Switch Off" the Bull Market Washington14 The Biggest, Most Destructive Lie the Government Tells (and Why They Keep Telling It) Get the Latest Markets Insight with Michael Lewitt Sure Money Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Learn more about Michael Lewitt Michael Lewitt close Options Options0 Why "Buy-and-Hold" Is the Worst Path to Retirement Options0 The Eternal "Safe Haven" Wall Street Is Hiding from You Options0 How to Play Apple This Quarter Options0 Why You Shouldn't Short Healthcare Stocks Ahead of Trump's Inauguration Options0 The One Reason Faraday Will Not Become the Next Tesla Options0 Avoid the Most Dangerous Inauguration "Advice" Trending Right Now Get the Latest Options Insight with Tom Gentile Power Profit Trades Subscribe to this free eLetter! Money Calendar Alert Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Tom Gentile Tom Gentile close Technology Technology0 I Just Updated My 2017 Legal Marijuana Forecast Stocks6 Marijuana Investing in 2017 Just Got Even Brighter Technology0 The Secret to Tech Investing Isn't Always "Disruption" Technology0 These Shares Are Why the Nasdaq Will Clobber the Rest in 2017 Technology0 While Everyone Else Is Distracted, Stay Focused Here Technology0 One Way to Thrive in the Jobless Future Get the Latest Technology Insight with Michael Robinson Strategic Tech Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Nova-X Report Private service. Not a member? Radical Technology Profits Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Robinson Michael Robinson close Energy Oil0 Why You Shouldn't Hold Your Breath for the Keystone XL Pipeline Oil0 You're About to Get the "Inside Scoop" on Global Energy Oil0 Don't Be Fooled by This Oil Myth Oil0 OPEC's Oil Deal Has a Surprising Downside… for OPEC Oil1 The Little-Known Energy Sector That's Now in Trump's Crosshairs 0 Exactly How Rising U.S. Production Is Affecting You Get the Latest Oil & Energy Insight with Dr. Kent Moors Oil & Energy Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Energy Advantage Private service. Not a member? Energy Inner Circle Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Dr. Moors Dr. Kent Moors close LoginMy Member Benefitsarchivesresearchyour teamabout usFAQLog out Share This Article Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google+ Reddit Print Email Pinterest Delicious StumbleUpon Gmail Yahoo Tumblr Digg Private Briefing with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor Shah Says "There's Always a Place to Make Money" – and Gives Us Three Places to Do So I still remember the conversation. In fact, I can “see” it in my mind. Full Story This is premium content for paid-up Private Briefing subscribers only. How would you like to put an extra $125,000 in your nest egg? You can potentially do it this year - and you'll only have to risk $20 to learn how. Click here. Our FlagshipMoney Morning Michael A. Robinson'sStrategic Tech Investor Shah Gilani'sWall Street Insights & Indictments Access YourProfit Alerts Keith Fitz-Gerald'sTotal Wealth Dr. Kent Moors'Oil & Energy Investor Tom Gentile'sPower Profit Trades Michael Lewitt's Sure Money Research ServicesMoney Map Press Archives Research Your Team About Us FAQ Videos Login to My Account Visit Money Map Press Forget your password? Not a member? Investing Trading Strategies0 How to Turn Any Protest into Profits Trading Strategies0 JPMorgan's CEO Sees Profits Ahead. Are You Ready? Trading Strategies0 What I Got Right (and Wrong) in 2016 Trading Strategies0 Why Sears Is Still the Most Dangerous Stock on Wall Street Trading Strategies0 Part Two: Big Changes Will Produce Big Profits for Savvy Investors 2 2017: Big Changes Will Produce Big Profits for Savvy Investors Get the Latest Trading Insight with Keith Fitz-Gerald Total Wealth Research Subscribe to this free eLetter! High Velocity Profits Private service. Not a member? The Money Map Report Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Keith Fitz-Gerald Keith Fitz-Gerald close Trading Investing Ideas0 This Market Correction Omen Just Isn't What It Used to Be Investing Ideas0 If You're Not In, You Need to Get In Now – Here Are Three New Positions Investing Ideas0 Trump's New Policy Has Everyone Talking – Here's What You Have to Say Investing Ideas0 Why Trump's Tax Plan Is a Slap in the Face to the Middle Class Investing Ideas1 How Trump's Supposed "Tax Cut" Could Actually Get Companies to Pay More Washington2 How to Play the Markets Before Trump's Inauguration Get the Latest Trading Insight with Shah Gilani Wall Street Insights & Indictments Subscribe to this free eLetter! Captial Wave Forecast Private service. Not a member? Short-Side Fortunes Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Shah Gilani Shah Gilani close Credit Markets Global Markets0 We Called This Flashing Danger Signal Back in October – Here's What's Next Global Markets0 Here's What to Do If Trump Kills the Dollar Global Markets0 Get In on the Ground Floor for This Retail Meltdown Global Markets0 Your Pre-Inauguration Market Briefing Global Markets0 This Is the Only Number That Can "Switch Off" the Bull Market Washington14 The Biggest, Most Destructive Lie the Government Tells (and Why They Keep Telling It) Get the Latest Markets Insight with Michael Lewitt Sure Money Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Learn more about Michael Lewitt Michael Lewitt close Options Options0 Why "Buy-and-Hold" Is the Worst Path to Retirement Options0 The Eternal "Safe Haven" Wall Street Is Hiding from You Options0 How to Play Apple This Quarter Options0 Why You Shouldn't Short Healthcare Stocks Ahead of Trump's Inauguration Options0 The One Reason Faraday Will Not Become the Next Tesla Options0 Avoid the Most Dangerous Inauguration "Advice" Trending Right Now Get the Latest Options Insight with Tom Gentile Power Profit Trades Subscribe to this free eLetter! Money Calendar Alert Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Tom Gentile Tom Gentile close Technology Technology0 I Just Updated My 2017 Legal Marijuana Forecast Stocks6 Marijuana Investing in 2017 Just Got Even Brighter Technology0 The Secret to Tech Investing Isn't Always "Disruption" Technology0 These Shares Are Why the Nasdaq Will Clobber the Rest in 2017 Technology0 While Everyone Else Is Distracted, Stay Focused Here Technology0 One Way to Thrive in the Jobless Future Get the Latest Technology Insight with Michael Robinson Strategic Tech Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Nova-X Report Private service. Not a member? Radical Technology Profits Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Robinson Michael Robinson close Energy Oil0 Why You Shouldn't Hold Your Breath for the Keystone XL Pipeline Oil0 You're About to Get the "Inside Scoop" on Global Energy Oil0 Don't Be Fooled by This Oil Myth Oil0 OPEC's Oil Deal Has a Surprising Downside… for OPEC Oil1 The Little-Known Energy Sector That's Now in Trump's Crosshairs 0 Exactly How Rising U.S. Production Is Affecting You Get the Latest Oil & Energy Insight with Dr. Kent Moors Oil & Energy Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Energy Advantage Private service. Not a member? Energy Inner Circle Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Dr. Moors Dr. Kent Moors close HOME Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: Apple Stock in 2017 Will Outpace Tech Giants Message: URL: http://mney.co/2jtS5cU  −  two  =  three Required Please enter the correct value. Share Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: Apple Stock in 2017 Will Outpace Tech Giants Message: URL: http://mney.co/2jtS5cU 8  ×  4  =  Required Please enter the correct value. get daily headlines subscribe now! today's private briefing Twitter Appleno responses Apple Stock in 2017 Will Outpace Tech Giants By Ashley Moore, Associate Editor, Money Morning • January 24, 2017 Start the conversation Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website 5  +   =  six Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter The technology sector has outperformed the market so far this year, and we expect Apple stock in 2017 to be one of the best performers in the sector. So far this year, the technology sector is almost 4% higher, while the S&P 500 is trading about 1% higher. Leading the tech sector growth are the FANG companies: Facebook Inc. (Nasdaq: FB) is up 12.13%; Amazon.com Inc. (Nasdaq: AMZN) is up 8.94%; Netflix Inc. (Nasdaq: NFLX) is up 11.21%; and Alphabet Inc. (Nasdaq: GOOGL) is up 6.82%. With year-to-date (YTD) share-price growth of 3.58%, Apple Inc. (Nasdaq: AAPL) is on pace with the technology sector as a whole. But Apple stock has a higher growth potential in 2017 than any of the FANG companies. Here's why… 4 Factors Will Drive Apple Stock in 2017 While the FANG stocks may have bigger gains right now, Apple is breaking out of its current trading pattern, according to Money Morning Options Trading Specialist and Power Profit Trades Editor Tom Gentile. Don't Miss: This is one of the best buying opportunities of 2017. The green lines on the chart below show the support and resistance for the Apple stock price. Support lines are the lower lines on the chart. This is the price where buyers are ready to purchase the stock, which keeps it from dipping lower. The resistance lines are the top ones on the chart below. Resistance is the price where investors are willing to sell the stock to capture gains and keep the stock from climbing higher. Apple stock is currently trading above resistance. According to Gentile, this is very important for two reasons: When a stock breaks above the resistance line, it is likely to keep rising until it reaches a new equilibrium. Apple is set to report earnings on Jan. 31. The Apple stock price generally trades within 1% of the previous close when it announces earnings, and has a tendency to pull back the day before earnings, according to Gentile. With Apple breaking out of resistance, it's likely Apple stock will settle near this line in its pre-earnings pullback. However, once earnings are announced, Apple stock should rise. Besides trading patterns, another reason we're bullish on Apple stock is the iPhone 8 information that has been leaked. The leak of iPhone 8 specs and options will likely increase anticipation around the release of the new phone. Gentile says another factor that is likely to keep Apple stock rising in 2017 is the anticipation of tax reform. If the reforms go through as President Trump plans, Apple's profit margins should improve due to a lower tax burden. There are no specific details about the tax breaks the new president is proposing, but he is pushing for a cap of 15% on corporate taxes, which is down from the current cap of 35%. With this bullish outlook for the AAPL stock price in 2017, Gentile just provided his subscribers with a new profit strategy… Profit Strategy for Apple Stock in 2017 Join the conversation. Click here to jump to comments… (0) COMMENTS (0) FACEBOOK COMMENTS TAGS Tags: Apple stock Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website two  +  six  =  Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Private Briefing with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor TODAY'S INSIGHT Shah Says "There's Always a Place to Make Money" – and Gives Us Three Places to Do So Forget your password? Not a member? Expert Content Articles By Keith Fitz-Gerald Trading StrategiesHow to Turn Any Protest into Profits Trading StrategiesJPMorgan's CEO Sees Profits Ahead. Are You Ready? Trading StrategiesWhat I Got Right (and Wrong) in 2016 TechnologyI Just Updated My 2017 Legal Marijuana Forecast Stocks6Marijuana Investing in 2017 Just Got Even Brighter TechnologyThe Secret to Tech Investing Isn't Always "Disruption" Investing IdeasThis Market Correction Omen Just Isn't What It Used to Be Investing IdeasIf You're Not In, You Need to Get In Now – Here Are Three New Positions Investing IdeasTrump's New Policy Has Everyone Talking – Here's What You Have to Say OilWhy You Shouldn't Hold Your Breath for the Keystone XL Pipeline OilYou're About to Get the "Inside Scoop" on Global Energy OilDon't Be Fooled by This Oil Myth Trading Strategies1Double Your Money on the 2017 Rally with These Six Picks Trading Strategies1How Not to Lose Everything and Die Broke Technology2This “Digital Hostage Crisis” Play Is All Upside Latest News January 27, 2017 By Garrett Baldwin Leave a Comment Dow Jones Industrial Average Today Falls After Weak Q4 GDP Report January 27, 2017 By Money Morning Staff Reports Leave a Comment Trump's Cabinet Net Worth: 30 Times That of George W.'s Cabinet January 27, 2017 By Tom Gentile Leave a Comment Why "Buy-and-Hold" Is the Worst Path to Retirement Trending Posts 9468 Reads 65 Likes Marijuana Investing in 2017 Just Got Even Brighter Michael released his extremely bullish marijuana investing forecast for the year. Now, we're seeing legislative "pushback" in some states. But the outlook for the industry is even stronger than it was... 8882 Reads 97 Likes Top Marijuana Stocks This Week (Jan. 23) What are the top marijuana stocks to watch this week? Here's everything you need to know... Today's Markets DJIA -7.13 (0.04%) 20,093.78 NASDAQ 5.60 (0.10%) 5,660.78 S&P -1.99 (0.09%) 2,294.69 AAPL 0.01 (0.01%) 121.95 ABOUT MONEY MORNING Money Morning gives you access to a team of ten market experts with more than 250 years of combined investing experience – for free. Our experts – who have appeared on FOXBusiness, CNBC, NPR, and BloombergTV – deliver daily investing tips and stock picks, provide analysis with actions to take, and answer your biggest market questions. Our goal is to help our millions of e-newsletter subscribers and Moneymorning.com visitors become smarter, more confident investors. QUICK LINKS About Us How Money Morning Works FAQs Contact Us Search Article Archive Forgot Username/Password Login to Private Briefing FREE NEWSLETTERS Strategic Tech Investor Oil & Energy Investor Total Wealth Research Wall Street Insights & Indictments Power Profit Trades Sure Money Investor PREMIUM SERVICES Money Map Press Home Money Map Report Energy Advantage Nova-X Report Private BriefingEnergy Inner Circle High Velocity Profits Biotech Insider Alert Capital Wave Forecast Radical Technology Profits Stealth Profits Trader Short-Side Fortunes The Delta Factor Money Calendar Alert Weekly Cash Clock Zenith Trading Circle Get In Touch Like Our Page Follow Us © 2017 Money Morning All Rights Reserved. Protected by copyright of the United States and international treaties. Any reproduction, copying, or redistribution (electronic or otherwise, including the world wide web), of content from this webpage, in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited without the express written permission of Money Morning. Address: 16 W. Madison St. Baltimore, MD, 21201 | Phone: 888.384.8339 I Disclaimer | Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Whitelist Us
Technology Science Culture Video Reviews Magazine More Business Security Space Podcasts Events Innovation Awards Subscribe About FEATURES Untitled-1 Follow Newsletter Sign Up Untitled-1 00/00 The merging of humans and machines is happening now The merging of humans and machines is happening now DARPA 1 day ago Listen to the beautiful diversity of voices around the world on this interactive map Listen to the beautiful diversity of voices around the world on this interactive map Maps 1 day ago What is the Doomsday Clock and why does it matter? What is the Doomsday Clock and why does it matter? Doomsday Clock 2 days ago Marvel teases its first plot points for the Black Panther movie Marvel teases its first plot points for the Black Panther movie Film 1 day ago New enemies rise in latest Mass Effect: Andromeda trailer New enemies rise in latest Mass Effect: Andromeda trailer Gaming 1 day ago New presidential order could wreck US-EU Privacy Shield New presidential order could wreck US-EU Privacy Shield Privacy 1 day ago Started from the bottom now he's here: how Drake became a generation's music tastemaker Started from the bottom now he's here: how Drake became a generation's music tastemaker Features 1 day ago AI doctors, cancer scare stories: Podcast 302 AI doctors, cancer scare stories: Podcast 302 Podcast 1 day ago Got a spare $15 million? Why not buy your very own D-Wave quantum computer Got a spare $15 million? Why not buy your very own D-Wave quantum computer Quantum Computers 1 day ago Scientists have created the first human-pig 'chimera' Scientists have created the first human-pig 'chimera' Cells 1 day ago 100-million-year-old 'E.T.-like' bug found preserved in amber 100-million-year-old 'E.T.-like' bug found preserved in amber Insects 1 day ago Missingno's revenge: trading the infamous glitch Pokémon to Sun and Moon can break the game Missingno's revenge: trading the infamous glitch Pokémon to Sun and Moon can break the game Pokemon 1 day ago Elon Musk says attacking Donald Trump 'will achieve nothing' Elon Musk says attacking Donald Trump 'will achieve nothing' Elon Musk 1 day ago Android VPN app developers are using malware to track your data Android VPN app developers are using malware to track your data Android 1 day ago Ghost Recon Wildlands can't shake its Far Cry fixation Ghost Recon Wildlands can't shake its Far Cry fixation Gaming 1 day ago Google plans to bring AI tools to the Raspberry Pi Google plans to bring AI tools to the Raspberry Pi Raspberry Pi 2 days ago Amazon launches $20-a-month STEM toy subscription service Amazon launches $20-a-month STEM toy subscription service Toys 2 days ago Elon Musk's 'exciting' tunnel boring machine is about to start digging Elon Musk's 'exciting' tunnel boring machine is about to start digging Elon Musk 2 days ago Here are the Nintendo Switch games you'll be playing from launch Here are the Nintendo Switch games you'll be playing from launch Gaming 2 days ago Podcasts you need to listen to on your commute Podcasts you need to listen to on your commute Podcast 12 Jan 2017 How Spotify chooses what makes it onto your Discover Weekly playlist How Spotify chooses what makes it onto your Discover Weekly playlist Tastemakers 09 Jan 2017 Technology Science Culture Video Reviews Magazine Business Security Space Podcasts Events Innovation Awards Subscribe About Follow wired Newsletter Sign Up The merging of humans and machines is happening now The merging of humans and machines is happening now DARPA 1 day ago Listen to the beautiful diversity of voices around the world on this interactive map Listen to the beautiful diversity of voices around the world on this interactive map Maps 1 day ago What is the Doomsday Clock and why does it matter? What is the Doomsday Clock and why does it matter? Doomsday Clock 2 days ago Marvel teases its first plot points for the Black Panther movie Marvel teases its first plot points for the Black Panther movie Film 1 day ago New enemies rise in latest Mass Effect: Andromeda trailer New enemies rise in latest Mass Effect: Andromeda trailer Gaming 1 day ago New presidential order could wreck US-EU Privacy Shield New presidential order could wreck US-EU Privacy Shield Privacy 1 day ago Started from the bottom now he's here: how Drake became a generation's music tastemaker Started from the bottom now he's here: how Drake became a generation's music tastemaker Features 1 day ago AI doctors, cancer scare stories: Podcast 302 AI doctors, cancer scare stories: Podcast 302 Podcast 1 day ago Got a spare $15 million? Why not buy your very own D-Wave quantum computer Got a spare $15 million? Why not buy your very own D-Wave quantum computer Quantum Computers 1 day ago Scientists have created the first human-pig 'chimera' Scientists have created the first human-pig 'chimera' Cells 1 day ago 100-million-year-old 'E.T.-like' bug found preserved in amber 100-million-year-old 'E.T.-like' bug found preserved in amber Insects 1 day ago Missingno's revenge: trading the infamous glitch Pokémon to Sun and Moon can break the game Missingno's revenge: trading the infamous glitch Pokémon to Sun and Moon can break the game Pokemon 1 day ago Elon Musk says attacking Donald Trump 'will achieve nothing' Elon Musk says attacking Donald Trump 'will achieve nothing' Elon Musk 1 day ago Android VPN app developers are using malware to track your data Android VPN app developers are using malware to track your data Android 1 day ago Ghost Recon Wildlands can't shake its Far Cry fixation Ghost Recon Wildlands can't shake its Far Cry fixation Gaming 1 day ago Google plans to bring AI tools to the Raspberry Pi Google plans to bring AI tools to the Raspberry Pi Raspberry Pi 2 days ago Amazon launches $20-a-month STEM toy subscription service Amazon launches $20-a-month STEM toy subscription service Toys 2 days ago Elon Musk's 'exciting' tunnel boring machine is about to start digging Elon Musk's 'exciting' tunnel boring machine is about to start digging Elon Musk 2 days ago Here are the Nintendo Switch games you'll be playing from launch Here are the Nintendo Switch games you'll be playing from launch Gaming 2 days ago Podcasts you need to listen to on your commute Podcasts you need to listen to on your commute Podcast 12 Jan 2017 How Spotify chooses what makes it onto your Discover Weekly playlist How Spotify chooses what makes it onto your Discover Weekly playlist Tastemakers 09 Jan 2017 Features Started from the bottom now he's here: how Drake became a generation's music tastemaker The Canadian rapper's business acumen matches his musical talent By Stuart Dredge 1 day ago By Stuart Dredge Friday 27 January 2017 Drake Paul Rydiing / WIRED From releasing his third mixtape So Far Gone as a free download in 2009 to his $19 million partnership with Apple in 2015, Drake has shaped digital music trends rather than followed them. The 30-year-old Canadian rapper's rise to being one of the music industry's biggest global acts has been a decade in the making: Aubrey Drake Graham emerged at a time when music sales were in freefall, but his combination of creative control and commercial autonomy has helped him to capitalise on the industry's music-streaming-fuelled rebound.   Despite his association with Apple Music - a combination of promotion and exclusivity - Drake's career has been more intertwined with its biggest rival. As he was releasing his first mixtape in 2006, a pair of Swedes were co-founding Spotify in Stockholm - although it would take two further years to launch it. How Spotify chooses what makes it onto your Discover Weekly playlist How Spotify chooses what makes it onto your Discover Weekly playlist Tastemakers 09 Jan 2017 ADVERTISEMENT Since then, Drake and Spotify have grown in lockstep - Spotify now has more than 100 million listeners, and more than a third of them are listening to Drake. The Canadian is currently the most popular artist on the service with 36.5 million monthly listeners and 8.4 billion lifetime streams. His latest album Views has been streamed more than three billion times on Spotify alone.   Drake has startling numbers on every digital platform: 34.2 million Twitter followers; 35.6 million Facebook fans; 29.6 million Instagram followers; and 6.6 million subscribers to his YouTube channel, where the video for "Hotline Bling" has just passed a billion views. That video was paid for by Apple, as part of a partnership that has seen Drake promote Apple Music at its launch event in June 2015, host his own OVO Sound Radio show on its Beats 1 radio station and grant Apple a fortnight's exclusive on Views from late April that yielded a million sales in its first week. ADVERTISEMENT "Like all the best music entrepreneurs, Drake is creatively restless" "Drake's deal with Apple is groundbreaking and reflects the way in which superstar talent, especially those with more control over their careers and copyrights, can exercise greater decision-making power," says Mark Mulligan of music-industry consultancy firm MIDiA Research. "What Apple is doing with deals such as Drake's is becoming the Medici of the streaming-era music business: patrons of the musical arts. Drake saw this opportunity and, knowing all too well that straightforward recorded music incomes are challenged, saw this as a way of combining massive marketing reach and support with guaranteed revenue."   "As the industry continues to evolve, more services provided by the old music-industry guard become commodities and artists develop deeper relationships with their fans that they own," says Bryan Calhoun, a digital media strategist who works with artists including Lil Wayne, Nicki Minaj and The Roots. "This will inevitably lead to artists having greater control. They will not assign rights to companies that don't give them the flexibility to do what they want when they want."   Like all the best music entrepreneurs, Drake is creatively restless: forging links with UK grime label Boy Better Know and collaborating with Streatham rapper Dave, all while searching for new talent for his label OVO Sound. He will soon release More Life, a collection of new tracks described as a "playlist" rather than an album. Not content with reworking the power dynamics between artists and technology, streaming's biggest star is now reshaping formats. Features Tastemakers Music Share this article RECOMMENDED How TheLADbible became the online voice of a generation How TheLADbible became the online voice of a generation By Richard Benson Journalism 17 Aug 2016 DJ Black Coffee wants to take South African music global DJ Black Coffee wants to take South African music global By Andy Morris Music 26 Oct 2015 WIRED2016: Next Generation WIRED2016: Next Generation Wired Next Generation 24 Oct 2016 The best Black Mirror episodes from series one and two The best Black Mirror episodes from series one and two By Ruby Lott-Lavigna Sci-Fi 11 Nov 2016 Privacy policy and cookie statement Terms & conditions Careers Contact © Condé Nast UK 2017
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  iOS App  Calendar  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Take Control Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1353, 23 Jan 17 #1352, 16 Jan 17 #1351, 09 Jan 17 #1350, 02 Jan 17 #1349, 12 Dec 16 #1348, 05 Dec 16 #1347, 21 Nov 16 #1346, 14 Nov 16 #1345, 07 Nov 16 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members ScanSnap Smile   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the best-selling Take Control ebooks.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist Quicken 2017 for Mac 4.4.3 Art Text 3.2 ChronoSync 4.7.3 Safari 10.0.3 iTunes 12.5.5 Final Cut Pro X 10.3.2, Compressor 4.3.1, and Motion 5.3.1 BusyCal 3.1.4 and BusyContacts 1.1.6 Mailplane 3.6.9 Boom 2 v1.5.2 Logic Pro X 10.3     Related Articles Retracting Criticism of LG UltraFine 5K Display Review Removal (25 Jan 17)     x Welcome to TidBITS! We make our articles available via RSS, and in a weekly curated email newsletter. You can also support our work by becoming a member, and receive several benefits.   Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. External Links | 23 Jan 2017 | Print  | Comment (6) Apple Pulls LG UltraFine 5K Display Reviews by Josh Centers [Retraction: Since it has come to our attention, and we have confirmed via the Internet Archive’s Wayback Machine, that Apple never opened reviews on the LG UltraFine 5K Display store page, we are retracting our criticism of Apple’s assumed behavior. We regret the error. See Retracting Criticism of LG UltraFine 5K Display Review Removal for a full discussion. –Adam Engst] Reddit user michael_emery points out that Apple has removed all user reviews for the LG UltraFine 5K Display from its Apple Store page after a barrage of negative reviews. User-reported problems include failure to wake from sleep, Macs crashing when reconnecting the monitor, Macs becoming unresponsive, and various Touch Bar issues while the display is connected. Until more is known and solutions appear, we recommend delaying purchases of the LG UltraFine 5K Display. And, frankly, this is bush-league behavior on Apple’s part. If these problems are real, the reviews should stay, or Apple should stop selling the monitor. If the problems are coincidental, Apple should provide a public statement and support for those who have purchased the nearly $1000 screen. follow link   Comments about Apple Pulls LG UltraFine 5K Display Reviews To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. [Retraction: Since it has come to our attention, and we have confirmed via the Internet Archive’s Wayback Machine, that Apple never opened reviews on the LG UltraFine 5K Display store page, we are retracting our criticism of Apple’s assumed behavior. We regret the error. See Retracting Criticism of LG UltraFine 5K Display Review Removal for a full discussion. –Adam Engst] Reddit user michael_emery points out that Apple has removed all user reviews for the LG UltraFine 5K Display from its Apple Store page after a barrage of negative reviews. User-reported problems include failure to wake from sleep, Macs crashing when reconnecting the monitor, Macs becoming unresponsive, and various Touch Bar issues while the display is connected. Until more is known and solutions appear, we recommend delaying purchases of the LG UltraFine 5K Display. And, frankly, this is bush-league behavior on Apple’s part. If these problems are real, the reviews should stay, or Apple should stop selling the monitor. If the problems are coincidental, Apple should provide a public statement and support for those who have purchased the nearly $1000 screen. Receive comments via RSS Add a comment Chris Pepper   2017-01-23 15:09 Wow. Feeling lucky now - I haven't had any trouble. But I never let my Macs sleep, and don't use the UF 5K every day. Reply David Price   2017-01-23 15:36 Our favorite fruit company is moving to the dark side . . . Reply Cat  2017-01-23 16:29 They can be incredibly petty at times. I use Goggle Phone for my minimal phones needs, so I've been using a 4S iPhone just for listening to music and audiobooks. It worked fine for that purpose. Several months back, Apple sent a security update so I downloaded it. Tens hours of rebooting commenced followed by a very dead device. So took it out to the Apple store. Their answer? Yes the security update killed it but that's not our fault as it was an old device and it's up to you to know when not to update. Huh? As I was leaving quite pissed off, I heard a woman telling the scheduler that her iPhone would no longer boot up after a software update... Reply jschenck  2017-01-23 20:14 I've considered buying the 15" and the LG 5K monitor to replace my 2010 MacBook Pro. Maybe I need to wait a bit longer! Will be interested to learn more. Reply B. Jefferson Le Blanc  2017-01-24 14:36 I suspect it's a power issue of some kind. I had plenty of those with my 2013 27" iMac when I first got it. And it still happens from time to time. The Thunderbolt cables fall out easily if I move the iMac even slightly; accidental drive disconnects often freeze the computer. It seems likely that the LG monitor is not well tuned for Mac laptops and/or that Macs are not well tuned for the LG monitors, electronically speaking. An old-fashioned solution in this situation is to reset the System Management Controller (SMC). Directions for doing so for most Macs can be found here: https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201295. This may not prevent the problem from occurring again, but it will clear up any residual power issues after it happens. Reply Mike  2017-01-24 21:04 Maybe they are just going to present some alternate facts about the monitors. Reply  Search   Cached. Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2017 Josh Centers TidBITS is copyright © 2017 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS फर्स्टपोस्ट हिंदी News & Analysis Reviews Startup Gaming Biztech Auto Videos TechFirstpost most commented Go back Apple, we don’t need you and your diva act By R Swaminathan 21   Comments UberPool, Ola Share ride-sharing services to be banned in Karnataka from Monday By tech2 News Staff 18   Comments Airtel and Vodafone unlimited voice calling plans to be capped at 300 minutes a day By tech2 News Staff 3   Comments Microsoft records rise in profits; Satya Nadella’s mobile and cloud first push paying off 1   Comments 52 percent cyber crime victims fail to recover the lost money, says Kaspersky Lab 1   Comments more from #Xiaomi Oppo and Vivo lead in China as Xiaomi slips because of lack of innovation: Report MWC 2017: Xiaomi will not attend the event this year, says it doesn't have new phones to debut Former Xiaomi Global executive Hugo Barra joins Facebook to lead virtual reality business Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Oppo and Vivo lead in China as Xiaomi slips because of lack of innovation: Report #Xiaomi 0   27 Jan 2017 , 17:17 Xiaomi, touted as the ‘Apple’ of China, slipped to fourth spot in 2016 as the demand for its smartphones declined 22 percent annually in the country, a report revealed on Friday. The key reason for the decline was Xiaomi’s rivals racing ahead with key features, innovation, bigger marketing budgets and wider online and offline distribution channel during the year. Huawei, Oppo and Vivo emerged as clear winners with Oppo and Vivo registering significant growth, said the report from by market analytics firm Counterpoint Research. “The final quarter of the year was marked with series of flagship upgrades from key brands such as Apple, Oppo, Huawei, Xiaomi which catalysed the smartphone demand in China healthier than last year,” said James Yan, Research Director, Counterpoint, in a statement. The demand for smartphones in China remained healthy during the fourth quarter of 2016 as smartphone shipments were up 12 percent annually and nine percent sequentially, driving the full-year growth. Only five brands registered healthy growth during the full year. Oppo, Huawei, Vivo, Meizu and Gionee drove the majority of the volume, capturing a combined 58 percent of the total Chinese smartphone market. “Demand for rest of the brands declined, especially last year’s star performers Xiaomi and Apple with lower-than-expected demand for their smartphones during the year,” Yan added. Apple, with slowing traction for its flagship iPhone 6s during the year, saw its double-digit negative growth, being somewhat offset by relatively healthy demand for the newer flagship iPhone 7 series in fourth quarter of 2016, the findings showed. However, Apple still remains in a vulnerable position and there is higher expectation already with the next year flagship which is rumoured to be a substantial upgrade from both design and components perspective. In terms of features, the key focus remained on proliferation of smartphones with fingerprint sensors, 4G+/VoLTE ready, fast-charging, OLED displays, battery, adoption of dual rear cameras and higher megapixel front-camera for selfies, the report added. IANS Tags: China, Counterpoint Research, Huawei, innovation, James Yan, Oppo, Smartphone, Vivo, Xiaomi Also read Former Xiaomi Global executive Hugo Barra joins Facebook to lead virtual reality business MWC 2017: Xiaomi will not attend the event this year, says it doesn’t have new phones to debut X Recommended For You MWC 2017: Xiaomi will not attend the event this year, says it doesn’t have new phones to debut Former Xiaomi Global executive Hugo Barra joins Facebook to lead virtual reality business Hugo Barra to join Facebook as VP of virtual reality for Oculus Xiaomi Mi 5C gets certified in China; rumoured to launch in February Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance Rating : 5.5 / 10 iBall Compbook Excelance review: Cheap and built to match Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus EeeBook X205TA review: For students on a budget; but low storage and no USB 3.0 port are downers #Apple Jan 28, 2017 Apple appears to have patented a vapouriser, and we don’t know why #Dam Safety Jan 28, 2017 The Central Water Commission has signed MoUs with IIT-M and IISc on dam safety #Partnered Jan 23, 2017 10 types of selfies Bollywood actors take #Mark Zuckerberg Jan 28, 2017 Mark Zuckerberg’s plan to sue Hawaii natives put on hold in face of strong criticism #asteroids Jan 27, 2017 Researchers are working out how to deflect asteroids and prevent devastating impact events #Trump Jan 27, 2017 Scientists blame Donald Trump for hurrying the planet towards doomsday SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Finance Technology Apple looking to manufacture phones in India Apple looking to manufacture phones in India Source : Last Updated: Fri, Jan 27, 2017 16:49 hrs Tweet Mail Print Apple executives met with the Indian Government officials on Wednesday to discuss a plan to make iPhones in the southern city of Bangalore. Apple in a statement said it appreciated the constructive and open dialogue that took place with the government about further expanding our local operations, but it did not go into detail, CNNMoney reports. The iPhone maker is trying hard to increase its presence in the fast-growing south Asian country as global sales stagnate. A year ago, it applied to open retail stores in India. Apple currently sells iPhones and other products in India through local distributors, but it lags far behind Samsung and Chinese brands such as Xiaomi, Oppo and Lenovo in terms of market share. India is pursuing a "Make in India" campaign to attract companies such as Apple. Prime Minister Narendra Modi's government has taken several steps to promote foreign investments, including partial exemptions to a rule that overseas firms must source 30 percent of raw materials locally. But so far it has stopped short of granting additional concessions to Apple, according to local media reports. The potential payoff is huge. India has more than 300 million Smartphone users, according to technology research firm Counterpoint. It is projected to overtake the U.S. as the world's second largest Smartphone market this year. India's fast-growing middle class presents an obvious opportunity, but with average annual incomes of $1,500, most of its 1.3 billion people can't afford Apple's expensive products. "If you're importing complete units the taxes for those are increasing and we don't see the government backing down in that regard. For Apple, not having manufacturing in India raises the price of the iPhone even more," said Kiranjeet Kaur, a research analyst at consulting firm IDC. SEARCH More from Sify: gold rate silver rate   Cities   Price (10g)   Gold Rate in Chennai   Rs. 28120.00 (-0.46%)   Gold Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 28830.00 (0.8%)   Gold Rate in Delhi   Rs. 28700.00 (0.35%)   Gold Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 28440.00 (-0.59%)   Gold Rate in Kerala   Rs. 27600.00 (-0.36%)   Gold Rate in Bangalore   Rs. 27750.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Hyderabad   Rs. 28250.00 (-0.07%) more   Cities   Price (1 kg)   Silver Rate in Chennai   Rs. 41835.00 (-0.7%)   Silver Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 41835.00 (-0.7%)   Silver Rate in Delhi   Rs. 41835.00 (-0.7%)   Silver Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 41835.00 (-0.7%)   Silver Rate in Kerala   Rs. 41835.00 (-0.7%) more talking point on sify finance About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2016. All rights reserved
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Hot Topics MSFT GOOGL Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Home > Market Insight, Financial Articles > The Pain Is Only the Beginning for Qualcomm, Inc. (QCOM) Stock Qualcomm's monopoly is threatened by both Apple and governments By Dana Blankenhorn, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  Jan 23, 2017, 12:20 pm EST     View All   Popular Posts: Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (BABA) Stock Will Hit All-Time Highs Soon Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Stock Is Ripe for Some Profit Taking The Pain Is Only the Beginning for Qualcomm, Inc. (QCOM) Stock Recent Posts: Can Apple Inc. (AAPL) Afford a War With Qualcomm, Inc. (QCOM)? Whole Foods Market, Inc. (WFM) in the Fresh Food Wars Amgen, Inc. (AMGN) Stock Is a Bet on Fatter Yields View All Posts Qualcomm, Inc. (NASDAQ:QCOM) fell 13% in early trade on Monday after Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), its largest customer, dropped a large legal bomb on it this past Friday. Source: Shutterstock The lawsuit, filed in southern California late on Jan. 20, alleges that Qualcomm withheld $1 billion in rebates in retaliation for Apple cooperating with Korean efforts to open the radio chip market. The lawsuit follows a Federal Trade Commission (FTC) suit charging Qualcomm with cutting its prices to Apple in exchange for exclusivity, then using that deal against other cell phone companies. The suits are direct assaults on Qualcomm’s business model, which is to license patents essential for getting into the mobile phone business and use those agreements to create a virtual monopoly in the chips needed for the phones to work. Governments Weigh In In December, for instance, Korean regulators fined Qualcomm $864 million over its patent licensing practices. Korea acted after Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd. (OTCMKTS:SSNLF), a major chip supplier, backed down in its ongoing dispute with Qualcomm, which has tied its patent rights to its production of chips for decades. Samsung returned to Qualcomm as a supplier of modem chips for the Galaxy 7 after making its own chips for the Galaxy 6. Earlier, China had gotten Qualcomm to accept a $975 million fine and to adjust business practices after a multi-year dispute concerning its licensing practices. At the time, investors took this to be an all-clear concerning Qualcomm’s business practices, with the stock rising almost 20% in a month and hitting a high of $70 in November, when Qualcomm announced net income of $1.6 billion on revenues of $6.184 billion, meaning $1 in each $4 brought into the company was reaching the net income line. Those margins had been under pressure in 2015, during the worst of the company’s fight with China. Early this month it seemed the China deal was opening up vast new markets for Qualcomm, after it signed patent deals with other Chinese cellphone makers, most recently with Meizu and Gionee.  Now it would seem that the China agreement meant Qualcomm’s legal problems were just starting, which is why QCOM stock is under pressure. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/01/qualcomm-inc-qcom-stock-apple-cellphone-patents/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Stocks to Buy That Already Make America Great 7 Awful Stocks You Need to Ditch Now 3 'Golden' Ammo Stocks for Big Returns 3 Healthcare Stocks to Buy Despite Trump 3 Retail Stocks That Are Getting Smashed Apple's iPhone Takes a Hit From … Netflix? ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 10 Stocks to Buy That Already Make America Great 7 Awful Stocks You Need To Ditch Right Away 3 Retail Stocks That Are Getting Smashed Right Now 3 Healthcare Stocks to Buy Despite Trump’s Bluster 3 “Golden” Ammo Stocks to Buy for Big 2017 Returns Most Popular 7 Stocks to Buy That Could Double by 2018 5 Blue-Chip Stocks to Sell in February 10 High-Yield Dividend Stocks That Are SOMEHOW Still Bargains 3 Dividend Aristocrats to Buy for Income and Growth The 3 Best Sector ETFs to Buy for a Profitable 2017 The 3 Best ETFs to Put In Your IRA for Long-Term Growth Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will the 'Trump' Stock Market Rally Continue Through 2017? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Entertainment One Of These Four Transformers Will Be The Next Leader Of Cybertron For The First Time In Almost 20 Years, Team Rocket Beat Ash In The Pokemon Anime Final Fantasy 14 Inspires Live-Action TV Drama In Japan Fine Art: When D.Va Is All Grown Up Esports Temporary Tournament Teabagging Ban Splits Some Of Killer Instinct's Community People Are Pushing To Get Windjammers At EVO 2017 Smash Bros. Match From Weekend's Tournament Is Some Epic Anime Shit Smash Bros. Players Infuriated Over Surprise Setting Tweak At Big Tournament Xbox The New Power Rangers Game Isn't Good Here's Your Mass Effect: Andromeda Team RIP Xbox One Snap Mode Mario Kart's Rainbow Road, Remade In Halo 5 PlayStation Tips For Playing Resident Evil 7 Players Are Already Fearlessly Speedrunning Resident Evil 7 Final Fantasy 15's New Photo Mode Is A Welcome Addition Please Don't Take Ghost Recon Wildlands Seriously Nintendo Welcome To Mario Kart: Toilet Edition Thousands Of People Get Banned From Pokemon Sun And Moon For Cheating Who's The Most Australian Pokémon? Players Try Bringing Missingno Into Pokémon Sun And Moon, Get A Glitch Instead PC Top World Of Warcraft Guild Boots Raider Over Sabotage Scandal What We Love And Hate About Overwatch's Chinese New Year Update Hearthstone Made Close To $US400 Million For Blizzard In 2016: Report Developer Admits He 'Deserved' To Have Game Removed From Steam After Fake Reviews Mobile Flappy Bird Creator Releases Cute, Frustrating New Game BioShock For iOS Is Never Coming Back To The App Store Samsung's Galaxy S8 Won't Appear Until March The Creator Of Fruit Ninja Has A Brand New Video Game In Real Life Talk Amongst Yourselves Podcast: A Rain Of Games From Japan Trademark Squatter Goes After 'PPAP' In Japan Look At This Damn Star Wars Cosplay Retro ScribbleTaku Poll: The Top Five Most Popular Final Fantasy Heroines In Japan The Best Australians In Video Games The Best Australian Games Ever Made Toggle navigation Entertainment Esports Xbox PlayStation Nintendo PC Mobile In Real Life Retro Here's How Windows 10's Game Mode Works Please Don't Take Ghost Recon Wildlands Seriously Tips For Playing Yakuza 0 Resident Evil 7: The Kotaku Review Trademark Squatter Goes After 'PPAP' In Japan Brian Ashcraft Jan 27, 2017, 9:00pm ⋅ Filed to:  internet japan viral Share [Image: 公式ピコ太郎歌唱ビデオチャンネル] Last year, "PPAP" singer Pikotaro claimed he hadn't made any money off his viral sensation. A trademark squatter in Japan certainly isn't helping things. According to Japanese legal site Bengoshi.com, 53-year-old Ikuhiro Ueda has submitted multiple trademark applications for "PPAP" as well as "Pen Pineapple Apple Pen" in both English and Japanese. Pikotaro's record label, Bengoshi.com adds, applied once to trademark "PPAP" on October 14. However, Ueda had already submitted an application on October 5. (He submitted two more applications for it the following month.) The record label has not filed for the phrase "Pen Pineapple Apple Pen" in English or Japanese, reports Bengoshi.com. D'oh. Currently, trademarks for the phrases "PPAP" and "Pen Pineapple Apple Pen" in both English and Japanese have yet to be issued by the Japan Patent Office. This morning on Japanese TV show Tokudane, Ueda was interviewed about this trademark issue, and he said that even if he's ignored, he can claim damages if the phrase is used because he submitted his application earlier than Pikotaro's record label. Tokudane added that Ueda is infamous in the world of Japanese trademarks and has been known to submit up to fifty applications in one day. If Ueda successfully does register these trademarks, a Japanese legal expert told the show that there is a low likelihood that Pikataro's CD sales will cease or that he will be unable to sing the song in concert. However, the trademarks could certainly impact the use of the phrases on merchandise or things like, I guess, that "PPAP" cafe. Trademark squatting certainly is shitty™! Comments Join the discussion! Log in Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now The Best Australian Games Ever Made Mark Serrels 26 Jan 2017 1:00 PM Currently, the Australian games industry is experiencing what I’d describe as a golden age. Crossy Road, Armello, Hand of Fate, Assault Android Cactus, Hacknet... But Australia has been making great games for years. I thought it might be fun to make myself a list. Here is what I believe are the greatest Australian games of all time. Australian Animals That Won't Kill You, Ranked Luke Plunkett 26 Jan 2017 8:00 PM I am Australian. I have noticed online that people who are not Australian seem to work under the assumption that this is an island of death, where every step you take you run the risk of being bitten, stung, impaled or eaten alive by a murderous wild creature. I am here today to tell you that they are only half right. Want Kotaku's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Learn How To Build VR Games Right Now Deals: Become A Master Of Machine Learning With This Course Target Is Selling Yakuza 0 For $59 DOOM, Dishonored 2 And Watch Dogs 2 Are Going For A Bargain Trending Articles 1 The Best Australian Games Ever Made 2 Australian Animals That Won't Kill You, Ranked 3 Top World Of Warcraft Guild Boots Raider Over Sabotage Scandal 4 What We Love And Hate About Overwatch's Chinese New Year Update 5 For The First Time In Almost 20 Years, Team Rocket Beat Ash In The Pokemon Anime Stuff This Windbreaker With Leaves Or Newspapers And It Becomes A Warm Emergency Parka Check Out All The Movies That La La Land References The Exorcist Creator Says The Show's Two-Part Finale Will Be The 'Craziest Episodes We've Done' Watch Football Stars Get Bombed By Ball-Dropping Drones Top World Of Warcraft Guild Boots Raider Over Sabotage Scandal Flappy Bird Creator Releases Cute, Frustrating New Game One Of These Four Transformers Will Be The Next Leader Of Cybertron What We Love And Hate About Overwatch's Chinese New Year Update How Dangerous Are Australian Animals Compared To The Rest Of The World? Relive The Glory Days Of Retro Computer Magazines, Thanks To The Internet Archive's 'Magazine Rack' Four Ways To Make A Too-Small T-Shirt Bigger Take Your Existing Wardrobe To A Tailor Before Shopping For New Clothes Clive Lewis says he may still vote against the Brexit bill UKIP leader Paul Nuttall: Britain should ignore the EU and strike new trade deals now The world's CEOs are choosing to prepare -- not 'paralyse' -- themselves for a 'Hard Brexit' Ex-Microsoft COO Kevin Turner is already out from his hedge fund job © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Kotaku International × Kotaku International Kotaku US Kotaku UK Close
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Hot Topics MSFT GOOGL Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Home > Market Insight, Financial Articles > Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech > Monday Apple Rumors: iOS 11 May Introduce New Feature to FaceTime APPL releases updates for iOS and macOS Jan 23, 2017, 2:01 pm EST  |  By William White, InvestorPlace Writer     Leading the Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) rumor mill today is news of a new feature coming in iOS 11. Today, we’ll look at that and other Apple Rumors for Monday. iOS 11: A rumor claims that Apple will be adding a new feature to FaceTime with the introduction of iOS 11, reports BGR. According to this rumor, the tech company is planning to introduce support for multiple video calls at once to FaceTime in iOS 11. The rumor also claims that AAPL will be putting forth efforts to expand the social media services available with FaceTime. This may include adding filters and other such features that are present on other social media apps. macOS Sierra 10.12.3: Apple has officially released macOS Sierra 10.12.3 to the public, MacRumors notes. One of the notable changes with the release of macOS Sierra 10.12.3 is a fix for graphic issues with the 15-inch MacBook Pro released late last year. It also fixes issues and bugs that were present in the previous version of the operating system. AAPL also notes that this update “improves the stability and security” of Macs. iOS 10.2.1: Apple has also released iOS 10.2.1 to the public today, 9to5Mac notes. The new version of iOS that is now available to the public shares the same build number as the last beta that was sent out to developers. This means that developers won’t have to update their devices. The update doesn’t appear to contain any major new features. It most likely just includes bug fixes and improves stability. There is already talk that an iOS 10.3 beta is on its way. Check out more recent Apple Rumors or Subscribe to Apple Rumors : RSS Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/01/apple-ios-11-rumors-facetime-aapl/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Stocks to Buy That Already Make America Great 7 Awful Stocks You Need to Ditch Now 3 'Golden' Ammo Stocks for Big Returns 3 Healthcare Stocks to Buy Despite Trump 3 Retail Stocks That Are Getting Smashed Apple's iPhone Takes a Hit From … Netflix? ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 10 Stocks to Buy That Already Make America Great 7 Awful Stocks You Need To Ditch Right Away 3 Retail Stocks That Are Getting Smashed Right Now 3 Healthcare Stocks to Buy Despite Trump’s Bluster 3 “Golden” Ammo Stocks to Buy for Big 2017 Returns Most Popular 7 Stocks to Buy That Could Double by 2018 5 Blue-Chip Stocks to Sell in February 10 High-Yield Dividend Stocks That Are SOMEHOW Still Bargains 3 Dividend Aristocrats to Buy for Income and Growth The 3 Best Sector ETFs to Buy for a Profitable 2017 The 3 Best ETFs to Put In Your IRA for Long-Term Growth Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will the 'Trump' Stock Market Rally Continue Through 2017? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Please enable javascript for best view and rich features! Please Try again! Login / Register | Logout Gizmodo Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery Gizmodo X Login / Register | Logout Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery Xiaomi slips over lack of innovation as Oppo, Vivo lead in China: Report IANSJan 27, 2017, 03.37 PM IST FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit XiaomiImage Credit Continue reading Xiaomi,, touted as the 'Apple' of China, slipped to fourth spot in 2016 as the demand for its smartphones declined 22 per cent annually in the country, a report revealed on Friday. The key reason for the decline was Xiaomi's rivals racing ahead with key features, innovation, bigger marketing budgets and wider online and offline distribution channel during the year. Huawei, Oppo and Vivo emerged as clear winners with Oppo and Vivo registering significant growth, said the report from by market analytics firm Counterpoint Research. "The final quarter of the year was marked with series of flagship upgrades from key brands such as Apple, Oppo, Huawei, Xiaomi which catalysed the smartphone demand in China healthier than last year," said James Yan, Research Director, Counterpoint, in a statement. The demand for smartphones in China remained healthy during the fourth quarter of 2016 as smartphone shipments were up 12 per cent annually and nine per cent sequentially, driving the full-year growth. Only five brands registered healthy growth during the full year. Oppo, Huawei, Vivo, Meizu and Gionee drove the majority of the volume, capturing a combined 58 per cent of the total Chinese smartphone market. "Demand for rest of the brands declined, especially last year's star performers Xiaomi and Apple with lower-than-expected demand for their smartphones during the year," Yan added. Apple, with slowing traction for its flagship iPhone 6s during the year, saw its double-digit negative growth, being somewhat offset by relatively healthy demand for the newer flagship iPhone 7 series in fourth quarter of 2016, the findings showed. However, Apple still remains in a vulnerable position and there is higher expectation already with the next year flagship which is rumoured to be a substantial upgrade from both design and components perspective. In terms of features, the key focus remained on proliferation of smartphones with fingerprint sensors, 4G+/VoLTE ready, fast-charging, OLED displays, battery, adoption of dual rear cameras and higher megapixel front-camera for selfies, the report added. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit Tags: XiaomiVivoOppoSmartphonesMeizuhuawei vivo meizuHuaweiGioneeandroid Follow Gizmodo onfacebookLiketwitterFollowgplusFollow Contribute to GizmodoWrite for Us Next Story Tesla sues ex-Autopilot head over recruiting Tesla engineers for new gig More from this author PoopMD app can scan liver disease in newborns Vodafone India starts 4G trials Government's final net neutrality view still awaited: Prasad Related stories Battle of the slimmest Smartphone: Vivo X5Max vs Oppo R5 Thinnest Smartphone 'X5Max' from Vivo is Here in India Price Of Oppo R5 In India Revealed Vivo Charts A Partnership With Viacom18 In India Oppo R7 Lite Review Vivo releases another iPhone 6s lookalike Editor's Pick Opera browser to be infused with artificial intelligence ... John Mayer’s Fresh Releases From His Latest LP, The Search For Everything, is Bringing T ... How To: Scan your old photos with a smartphone ... Hot Right Now Wow, Nokia 6 sold out in 1 minute in China Nokia P1: Espoo's expensive flagship for 2017 Marvel and Square Enix announce The Avengers game Here's what to expect from the upcoming Power Rangers Movie Hong Kong securities brokers hit by cyber attacks, may face more -regulator Adobe named leader in web content management providers Alibaba's Ant Financial in overseas push with MoneyGram deal Facebook introduces 'security key' to protect data Twitter replaces Moments with Explore tab Nubia Z11 Review: The bezel-less flagship killer Like what you see? Keep up with the latest by following us on and subscribe to our Daily Newsletter Trending on social Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 review: The heir apparent ... Nokia P1: Espoo's expensive flagship for 2017 Nokia P1: Espoo's expensive flagship for 2017 ... Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 launching in India tomorrow: Why it could be different from China mod ... Learn at Coursera Master Business Fundamentals from Wharton Leadership and Business Skill for Immediate Impact Take Big Data from University of California San DiegoMore » HUFFINGTON POST The Good, The Bad And The Ugly Smartphone 'Fans' After Google Phone, We Might See Google Watches Freedom 251 Maker Launches LED TV For ₹9900 Times of India Technology Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus price details revealed, goes up to Rs 92,000 Apple slashes prices of iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus by up to Rs 22,000 WhatsApp privacy policy challenged in Delhi High Court: 5 things to know Apple iOS 10 surpasses iOS 9 in early adoption in just 24 hours Gadgets Now Shop Yu Yureka Plus - 16GB (Moondust Grey) ₹ 7499BUY13MP Cam, 2GB RAM Micromax Canvas Mega 4G Q417 - 16GB (Blue) ₹ 7499BUY5.5" Screen, 3GB RAM Lava A97 4G VoLTE - 8GB (Black & Gold) ₹ 5420BUY5"Screen, 5MP Camera Tesla sues ex-Autopilot head over recruiting Tesla engineers for new gig Alibaba's Ant Financial in overseas push with MoneyGram deal Hong Kong securities brokers hit by cyber attacks, may face more -regulator Chinese Lunar New Year "ticket snatching" apps raise hackles PayPal outlook muted on mobile competition, currency trends Google opens up Daydream for all developers Scientists create a metallic hydrogen that could revolutionise space travel Ford device to boost connectivity in its models without modems As regulators waver, Apple takes on Qualcomm in courts 1Xiaomi slips over lack of innovation as Oppo, Vivo lead in China: Report 2Tesla sues ex-Autopilot head over recruiting Tesla engineers for new gig 3Alibaba's Ant Financial in overseas push with MoneyGram deal 4Hong Kong securities brokers hit by cyber attacks, may face more -regulator 5Chinese Lunar New Year "ticket snatching" apps raise hackles 6PayPal outlook muted on mobile competition, currency trends 7Google opens up Daydream for all developers 8Scientists create a metallic hydrogen that could revolutionise space travel 9Ford device to boost connectivity in its models without modems 10As regulators waver, Apple takes on Qualcomm in courts About | Privacy | Write For Us | Contact | Authors | Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy | Gizmodo US | RSS TIMES GLOBAL PARTNERS Times Global Partners is an initiative focused on partnering with Established and Emerging Global Digital Companies for growing their presence and business in India through growth in their Brand, audience, adoption, distribution and monetization. Copyright @ 2017. Times Internet Limited. All rights reserved.For reprint rights. Times Syndication Service.
