Sign in or Register   PCs & Laptops Value Desktops High End Desktops Gaming Desktops All-in-one Desktops Value Laptops High End Laptops Gaming Laptops Ultraportable Laptops Misc PCs & Laptops Dell Store   Peripherals Monitors Printers Storage Keyboards & Mice Misc Peripherals Networking   Handhelds Budget Smartphones High-End Smartphones Tablets eReaders Wearables Misc Handhelds   Software Security Operating Systems Backup Office Suite Web Development Audio Video Photo Apps Misc Software   Components CPUs Motherboards Graphics Cards Storage Cases Power Supply Units Misc Components   Gadgets Photography & Video Home Theatre GPS Audio Virtual/Augmented reality Misc Gadgets     Hyper PixelCast   Forums Back Issues Search News • Reviews • Features • Galleries • A-List • Group Tests • Downloads • How To • Buy • Software Store Mobile Plans Broadband Plans Atomic Forums Upgrade Australia Home  »  PCs & Laptops  »  High End Laptops  »  News Apple prepping Kaby Lake refresh with possible price cuts by Curtis Moldrich  |  Wednesday 18 January 2017  | Comment Now A new report suggests Apple is already planning to update its new laptop. We’re still reeling over the new MacBook Pro’s incredible new price upgrade, but it looks like Apple is already preparing a new update to its flagship laptop. According to a report by KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kup Apple is getting ready to release 13-inch and 15-inch MacBook Pros, with Intel’s brand new Kaby Lake processors. As written by MacRumours, the report goes on to say that production fo both laptops will start in the early third waurter around July. If you’re waiting for a price drop, it looks like you may be in luck. Kuo predicts the entry-level 13-inch MacBook Pro – the one without the TouchBar – should be discounted this year, partly to bring it in line with the 13-inch MacBook Air it’ll eventually replace. Related Articles Liveblog: Microsoft E3 Event - Halo 4, Smartglass, South Park and no new Xbox Liveblog: EA's 'The Download' - Sim City, pro-sports and Warfighter New screens from Dishonored - cloak, dagger and magic! Wargaming.net announces unified gaming service, and World of Battleships trailer Meeting the real Warfighters: A Medal of Honor day out Source: Copyright © Alphr, Dennis Publishing See more about:  apple  |  kaby lake  |  macbook  |  macbook pro  |  price cuts   Tweet Email this Print this Feedback   More in High End Laptops (1 of 10 articles) NEWS Apple prepping Kaby Lake refresh with possible price cuts << Prev Next >> View all High End Laptops articles >> More in High End Laptops (2 of 10 articles) NEWS MSI launches three new mobile workstations at CES << Prev Next >> View all High End Laptops articles >> More in High End Laptops (3 of 10 articles) FEATURE First Impressions: Is the MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar worth the hype? << Prev Next >> View all High End Laptops articles >> More in High End Laptops (4 of 10 articles) NEWS Apple could launch cheaper new laptops next year << Prev Next >> View all High End Laptops articles >> More in High End Laptops (5 of 10 articles) NEWS Apple drops TWO iconic features from new laptop << Prev Next >> View all High End Laptops articles >> More in High End Laptops (6 of 10 articles) FEATURE Hands-on preview: MacBook Pro and its magical Touch Bar << Prev Next >> View all High End Laptops articles >> More in High End Laptops (7 of 10 articles) NEWS Apple MacBook Pro 2016: 8 things you need to know << Prev Next >> View all High End Laptops articles >> More in High End Laptops (8 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: HP ZBook Studio G3 << Prev Next >> View all High End Laptops articles >> More in High End Laptops (9 of 10 articles) NEWS Lenovo Yoga 910 brings 4K display to the flagship foldable << Prev Next >> View all High End Laptops articles >> More in High End Laptops (10 of 10 articles) REVIEW HP Spectre 13 review: Ultra-thin and ultra-lovely << Prev Next >> View all High End Laptops articles >> Most Read Most Discussed Powered by Disqus Latest Comments Powered by Disqus Latest in High End Laptops News Apple prepping Kaby Lake refresh with possible price cuts Review Review: HP ZBook Studio G3 Feature First Impressions: Is the MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar worth the hype? Group Test Time for a new laptop? Six Windows 7 Laptops tested and reviewed Gallery All the action from our first Upgrade Australia event! A-list Product Microsoft Surface Book From our Partners     See more offers from the PC & Tech Authority Software Store     Sponsored Links Most popular tech stories 7 accounting packages for Australian small businesses compared: including MYOB, QuickBooks Online, Reckon, Xero 16 top tips for optimising Windows 10 36 top productivity-enhancing mobile apps How long will a UPS keep your computers on if the lights go out? How do I make sure my email is properly synced between all my computers? Avaya files for bankruptcy protection, CEO calls it the 'best path forward' Avaya says Australian operations will be "business as usual" following bankruptcy Sydney MSP Brennan IT cracks $93 million in first year under new CEO Stephen Sims Ignia director Joshua Boys joins Microsoft as new Azure lead Five ways Donald Trump's Presidency could affect Apple The CIO movements that made headlines in 2016 Landmark Australian ruling on what counts as 'personal information' NBN Co anticipating 'new problems' in metro rollout CEO ousted in AISA coup Meet Qld Health's five new technology execs 10 advanced tips for Rainbow Six Siege 20 key tips for succeeding at Rainbow Six Siege Battlecruiser 3000: Screaming into the Void A gorgeous fan collection of Battlefront Scarif DLC shots Review: Alienware's Alpha R2 is a lost cause About Us  |  Sitemap  |  Newsletter Archive  |  A-List  |  Advice  |  Top 10  |  Mobile Site  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Newsletters  |  Contact Us Atomic MPC  |  BIT  |  CRN Australia  |  iTnews  |  PC PowerPlay  |  SC Magazine Copyright © 2017 nextmedia Pty Ltd. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorisation. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of nextmedia's Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. Login to PC & Tech Authority Username: * Username required Password: * Password required Remember me  |  Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Register now! To request a new password, please enter the email address linked to your PC & Tech Authority account and we'll send one to you. Email: * Email required * Invalid Email address * Invalid Email address Click here to return to Login Form Become part of PC & Tech Authority Join our site to get stuck in with comments and discussions with other passionate readers and tech fans, and stay up to date with the latest news and reviews through our range of newsletters. Email* * Email address required * Invalid Email address I have read and accept the privacy policy and terms and conditions and by submitting my email address I agree to receive the PC & Tech Authority daily newsletter and receive special offers on behalf of PC & Tech Authority, nextmedia and its valued partners. We will not share your details with third parties. 1) Login Details First Name* * First name req'd Last Name* * Last name req'd Username* * Username required Password* * Password required Confirm Password* * Password confirmation required * Passwords don't match! 2) About You Country* -- Select a Country -- Australia Afghanistan Albania Åland Islands Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Virgin Islands British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Côte d'Ivoire Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon French Southern Territories Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Guam Guernsey Guinea Guinea Bissau Guyana Haiti Hong Kong Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Israel Isle of Man Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Jersey Korea Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macau Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Palestinian Territory, Occupied Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Qatar Puerto Rico Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Barthélemy Saint Lucia Saint Kitts & Nevis Saint Martin Saint Pierre & Miquelon Saint Vincent & the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands Soviet Union Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Togo Timor-Leste Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Uruguay United States Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Yemen Western Sahara Zambia Zimbabwe World Asia Indochina Europe England Scotland Middle East Asia-Pacific Global Asean * Country req'd State* -- Select -- NSW QLD VIC SA WA ACT NT TAS * State req'd Post Code* * Post Code req'd Birth Year* -- Select -- 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 * Birth year required Employment Role* -- Select Role -- IT Business Owner IT Executive IT Professional IT Entry-level IT Sales Non IT Business Owner Non IT Executive Non IT Professional Non IT Entry-Level Non IT Sales Other If 'Other', enter below: * Role required Company Size* -- Select Size -- 1 - 9 10 - 49 50 - 99 100 - 249 250 - 499 500 - 999 1000 - 2499 2500+ * Company Size required I only want to subscribe to the Daily newsletter I'd also like to subscribe to: Weekly newsletter Atomic, Hyper and Gaming newsletter Gadgets and Stuff newsletter Downloads newsletter Already have an account? Log in here. Processing registration... Please wait. This process can take up to a minute to complete. Please check your email A confirmation email has been sent to your email address - SUPPLIED EMAIL HERE. Please click on the link in the email to verify your email address. You need to verify your email before you can start posting. If you do not receive your confirmation email within the next few minutes, it may be because the email has been captured by a junk mail filter. Please ensure you add the domain @pcauthority.com.au to your white-listed senders. Click here to close this message Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Editors' Choice Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Search for Arrow_Path GalaxyNote7 NintendoSwitch ChinaVPNs WorstPassword RokuTips Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ CPUs & Components/ Chipsets & Processors/ FTC: Qualcomm Violated Competition Laws FTC: Qualcomm Violated Competition Laws By Tom Brant January 17, 2017 08:22pm EST 10 Comments The chip manufacturer's exclusive agreement with Apple unfairly locked out competitors, the FTC said. Qualcomm used anticompetitive tactics to impose unfair conditions on its customers and weaken its competitors, according to a lawsuit that the Federal Trade Commission filed Tuesday. The San Diego company makes the processors found in many smartphones and other mobile devices, from flagship handsets like the Samsung Galaxy S7 to lower-end Android models. Its Snapdragon processors also power many models of the iPhone, and its arrangement with Apple drew particular scrutiny from the FTC, which claimed that Qualcomm requested exclusivity from Apple in exchange for reduced patent royalties. The agreement with Apple was in effect from 2011 until last year, and prevented the iPhone maker from buying chips from Qualcomm's competitors, according to the FTC complaint. Like other smartphone companies, Apple wanted the option to use other processors, but Qualcomm imposed royalty payments for its technology that made buying its competitors' products less attractive. "When Apple sought relief from Qualcomm's excessive royalty burden, Qualcomm conditioned partial relief on Apple's exclusive use of Qualcomm baseband processors," according to the complaint. The FTC claimed that Qualcomm's actions violate US competition law, and asked the court to bar it from making further anticompetitive agreements. Apple did not immediately respond to a request for comment. In a statement, Qualcomm said that the FTC lawsuit was flawed, and that the agency's requests would bolster the sales of competing products at Qualcomm's expense. Qualcomm also noted that one FTC commissioner, Maureen Ohlhausen, dissented from the majority decision to file the lawsuit. Related Qualcomm Faces $854 Million Fine in South Korea Qualcomm Faces $854 Million Fine in South Korea "I have been presented with no robust economic evidence of exclusion and anticompetitive effects," Ohlhausen wrote in a statement. "What I have been presented with is simply a possibility theorem." Qualcomm said that it has "never withheld or threatened to withhold chip supply in order to obtain agreement to unfair or unreasonable licensing terms," according to the company's statement. "The FTC's allegation to the contrary — the central thesis of the complaint — is wrong." Although this is the first anticompetitive lawsuit of its magnitude that Qualcomm has faced in the US, it has been the target of multiple suits from Korean antitrust regulators. The most recent of those was filed last month, when South Korea's antitrust agency proposed a record $854 million fine against Qualcomm for negotiating unfair licensing agreements. Back to top Previous : Raspberry Pi Compute Module 3 Offers 10x Performance Apple, Alleging Extortion, Sues Qualcomm for $1B Next : By Tom Brant Tom is PCMag's San Francisco-based news reporter. He got his start in technology journalism by reviewing the latest hard drives, keyboards, and much more for PCMag's sister site, Computer Shopper. As a freelancer, he's written on topics as diverse as Borneo's rain forests, Middle Eastern airlines, and big data's role in presidential elections. A graduate of Middlebury College, Tom also has a master's journalism degree from New York University. Follow him on Twitter @branttom. More » More Stories by Tom Razer BlackWidow Chroma Keyboard Gets New Switches The BlackWidow Chroma V2 keyboard has a Yellow switch option that can withstand up to 80 million key... More » Missing AirPods? Soon, Find My iPhone App Will Help Apple's AirPods will get easier to find in iOS 10.3. More » Windows 10 Creators Update Rolls Out to Xbox Insiders The first features in an update designed to bring Xbox and Windows closer together are now available... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles How to Switch From an Android Phone to the iPhone The Coolest Cars at the 2017 Detroit Auto Show The Best of CES 2017 17 Hulu Tips for Streaming TV Fans The Best PC Games of 2017 32-Bit vs. 64-Bit OSes: What's the Difference? »See More //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
rediff.com Rediff Get Ahead News Business Movies Sports Get Ahead  rediff NewsApp  NewsApp (Free)Read news as it happens Available on   Sign in  |  Create a Rediffmail account Rediff News  All News  Rediff.com  » Getahead » What will the iPhone 8 be like? What will the iPhone 8 be like? Last updated on: January 18, 2017 11:57 IST Rachit Hirani summarises the rumours and leaks on what the iPhone 8 will look like when it is finally unveiled this September It is 2017 and we have a new year in technology. What we hear is that we will get three new devices from Apple this year -- and one of them will be the iPhone 8. Importantly, we have learned that the iPhone 8 is going to be more than just an upgrade (retrograde if you think about the absence of the 3.5-inch audio jack) that was the iPhone 7 but a rejig that is set to blow us all away. iPhone 7 Plus @92k or a dream vacation? With a full display without a bezel and possibly even a curved edge like the competition. For the first time even Apple will include the camera (front facing) and the Touch ID into the device display. The phone is set to have no charging port whatsoever relying completely on wireless charging device thus making the phone even more water resistant with fewer points of water ingress. When Google takes on Apple As mentioned earlier there will be three models released this year, two models with 4.7-inch display that will sport the TFT-LCD technology and a 5.5-inch bigger brother that will sport the OLED technology. There is strong possibility that the bigger version will have dual cameras and the curved screen. The phones will have a faster A11 processor -- no doubt Apple wants to stay ahead of competition when it comes to clock speed and be able to finally stake claim to be able to run mobile games with as much gusto as its video viewing and camera capabilities. Buying Google Pixel XL? 8 things you must know The dual lens on the bigger version of the iPhone 8 will also boost Apple's credo of being the undisputed leader in mobile photography. Having been ousted recently by the Google Pixel -- this is something Apple would like to regain and soon. The tight-lipped tech geeks at Apple are known to be working on more than 10 different prototypes of iPhone models hence there is no surety as to what would be the final product come Fall 2017. While there are strong rumours of what we will see the speculation is at best that -- speculation. 8 WhatsApp tricks you may not know However Apple has had a realisation that to return to past glory would need more than mere upgrade in functionality and design tweaks -- a revolution much like the one we saw in 2007 with the first iPhone. This revolution will involve a complete shift in design, edge to edge display without bezels. This means that the front facing camera has to be integrated into the display and the home button -- Apple's pride and joy will have to be sacrificed. Of course there are plans to integrate even the Touch ID into the display and this would be indeed be a feat of strength and innovation. Note: The lead image of iPhone 7 is used only for representational purpose i2Addicted.com is an online lifestyle journal that covers various genres like lifestyle, health and fitness and technology for Indian consumers. Rachit Hirani Tags: Rachit Hirani Share this Write a Comment Print this article   ALSO READ MOST RECENT   MOST COMMENTED Should you buy the LG V20 for Rs 55k? 5 tips for cashless India to protect online data Why you must insure your smartphone Smartphones that struck gold in 2016 10 things you must know about HTC One X9 1 dead in stampede after SRK fans mob Vadodara station Aus Open: When Van moved like a 'freight train' to slay Muguruza Armed with populist Budget, govt stares at restricted fiscal room PIX: SRK travels by train to promote Raees Encounter breaks out in Kashmir's Ganderbal Claiming LTA? Be ready for a QnA with your employer In Pics: Sonakshi gets flirty at LFW's opening cermony Do you suffer from nomophobia? These wildlife pics will take your breath away Do STPs give better returns than SIPs? Stars spotted!  What's this? Spotted: Shankar Mahadevan and Shaan in New Jersey Reader Aditi Chaudhuri sent us a photograph. More stars spotted Met a celebrity? Email us photos & videos Business emailOffice email AppDomain registrationWebsiteRediffmailMoneyCompany emailOnline ShoppingBooksGiftsVideosBlogsBuzz India News  |  Latest News in India  |  Bollywood News  |  India Cricket Score  |  India Business News  |  India Abroad Person of the Year 2013 © 2017 Rediff.com - Investors - Advertise - Disclaimer - Privacy - Careers - Feedback | Terms of use | India Abroad weekly ▲
null
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Donald Trump Bigg Boss 10 Jallikattu Narendra Modi BCCI Home Sci/Tech Apple iPhone 8 could offer OLED screen technology Shares2 Wed, 18 Jan 2017-10:42am , Mumbai , AFP Rumours suggest that the highest-end model should be in store for an OLED display, offering higher contrast and deeper blacks, as well as a slimmer, more lightweight build compared with LCD technology. 2017 is an important year for Apple, marking the tenth anniversary of the original iPhone's release. As a result, the next model in the iPhone line-up is particularly eagerly awaited and could bring several new features from Apple, according to leaks reported by various tech websites. In terms of build, the next iPhone is likely to have a stainless steel chassis holding two glass plates. The highest-end model should be in store for an OLED display, offering higher contrast and deeper blacks, as well as a slimmer, more lightweight build compared with LCD technology. OLED also uses less power than classic LCD. The switch to OLED technology could allow Apple to make a first iPhone handset with a certain degree of curvature, like its main rival Samsung's Galaxy S7 edge. Ultimately, the iPhone 8 could come in three versions: classic, Plus and curved. Like Samsung, Apple could also be working on a smartphone with a borderless display covering almost all of the device's front surface, like the Xiaomi Mi Mix, which caused a sensation in 2016. As a result, the iPhone's traditional "Home" button could be ditched, but Touch ID fingerprint-reading technology and the front-facing camera could be integrated directly into the screen, as suggested by a system already patented by Apple. It's unclear whether this would be reserved for the OLED model or would come to the full range of handsets. All models are expected to get dust-resistant builds and, for the first time, proper water-resistance for depths up to one meter (IP68 certification). Finally, Apple could bring a wireless charging solution to its smartphone, inspired by the induction charging system the American tech firm already uses for its Apple Watch. Over the years, Apple has traditionally unveiled its new iPhone models in the fall, so the "iPhone 8" isn't expected before September 2017. TOP TOP < Mr Jaitley, here's how you could make taxpayers happy without impacting collections   Comments   Also Read Sci/Tech Indian smartphone market slips 18 percent in Q4 while Chinese brands dominate Sci/Tech Dark web goes Live: Why more criminals are intend to broadcast their act on social media Sci/Tech Five easy steps to download Android Nougat on your Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Sci/Tech Gone in 10 minutes: 250,000 units of Redmi Note 4 sold in first sale Sci/Tech Massive networks of fake Twitter accounts discovered Sci/Tech Huawei aims for slot among top 5 smartphone makers in India Next Article > Facebook bets on Paris with start-up incubator < Previous ArticleNext Article > Mr Jaitley, here's how you could make taxpayers happy without impacting collections Next node Facebook bets on Paris with start-up incubator Related Apple may offer 32GB of RAM, Intel Kaby Lake processors in upcoming MacBook Pros You could buy a smartphone with a foldable screen this year Apple may be working on AR glasses with Carl Zeiss Video Balancing Act: Watch Vietnamese circus artist brothers smash an INSANE Guinness World Record ‘Backpack Challenge’ is the new teen craze taking over social media Watch: Heartbreaking short film 'Borrowed Time' by Pixar animators finally makes debut View all Tags Apple iPhone 8 iPhone 8 features iPhone 8 specs iPhone 8 launch iPhone 8 event iPhone 8 launch India Apple iPhone smartphones Apps Iphone Web Exclusive Trending news SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Advertise Reprint Rights News Nashik: Shiv Sena leader Surendra Shejwal killed, political rivalry suspected Workers staging peaceful protest were attacked because BJP follows Godse's ideology: Congress President Trump and PM Modi had a 'great conversation': White House official Nude painting of impeached South Korean President Park Geun-Hye sparks violence Senate panel approves nomination of Indian-American Nikki Halley as next US Ambassador to UN Sport Fixing-tainted pacer Sreesanth denied BCCI permission to play in Scotland Real Madrid's traditional Christian cross to go missing from logo in Middle East Arsenal's Granit Xhaka interviewed by police Russia can miss 2018 Winter Paralympics I-league: Mohun Bagan, DSK Shivajians settle for draw in a game of innumerable misses Entertainment From Slumdog to top dog: How Dev Patel REACTED to his Oscar nomination From Rekha to Akshay Kumar: Hrithik Roshan's 'Kaabil' gets a BIG thumbs up from B-Town PETA India RESPONDS to Kamal Haasan's challenge Shahid Kapoor speaks about his brother Ishan Khattar's debut Oscars 2017: Meryl Streep received record 20th nomination and her reaction is priceless! Money Apple Inc officials meet Nirmala Sitharaman CBI accuses Kingfisher of diverting Rs 293 cr from Rs 900 cr IDBI loan for personal use Recent GST Council's decisions not in national interest: IRS officers body CBI files charge sheet in IDBI loan case involving Vijay Mallya, Kingfisher Airlines Mallya loan default case: All 9 accused sent to judicial custody till February 7 Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Learn more msn back to msn home news Web search Sign in Change language and content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Feedback Headlines UK News World Report President Trump Weird News Video Photos My Topics Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel News Sections UK News World Report EU Referendum US News Weird News Photos Videos AdChoices Qualcomm Accused of Forcing Deal on Apple to Thwart Rivals Bloomberg Ian King, David McLaughlin and Joel Rosenblatt 6 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Iceland gripped by rare murder case as woman's body is found Schoolboy stabbed to death outside flagship London academy © Bloomberg The Qualcomm logo sits above the entrance to the company's trade stand at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Spain, on Wednesday, Feb. 16, 2011. Qualcomm Inc. forced Apple Inc. to use its chips exclusively in return for lower licensing fees, unfairly cutting out competitors, the U.S. said in a lawsuit against the biggest maker of mobile phone chips. Qualcomm’s exclusive deal with Apple was detailed in a Federal Trade Commission lawsuit accusing the chipmaker of illegally maintaining a monopoly for semiconductors used in mobile phones and pocketing elevated royalties from customers. “Qualcomm recognized that any competitor that won Apple’s business would become stronger, and used exclusivity to prevent Apple from working with and improving the effectiveness of Qualcomm’s competitors,” the FTC said in the lawsuit filed Tuesday. The lawsuit presents yet another regulatory challenge to Qualcomm’s most lucrative business, technology licensing. The chipmaker gets most of its profits from selling the rights to use patents that are essential to all modern mobile phone systems. Qualcomm has argued that its licensing follows industry standards that have been in place for more than 20 years and are used by other companies. Last month, South Korea, home to two of Qualcomm’s largest customers, fined the San Diego-based company 1.03 trillion won ($890 million) and described its practices as monopolistic. Qualcomm has said it would appeal that decision. The chipmaker is also the subject of investigations by the European Union and Taiwanese authorities. Its shares fell as much as 5.6 percent Tuesday, before closing down 4 percent at $64.19. Qualcomm said in a statement that it would fight the FTC’s complaint, which it said is based on flawed legal theory and seeks to advance the interests and bargaining power of mobile-phone manufacturers. The company also criticized the timing of the case just before President-elect Donald Trump takes office on Friday and FTC Chairwoman Edith Ramirez is slated to step down on Feb. 10. ‘Rush to File’ “This is an extremely disappointing decision to rush to file a complaint on the eve of Chairwoman Ramirez’s departure and the transition to a new administration, which reflects a sharp break from FTC practice,” said Qualcomm General Counsel Don Rosenberg. Qualcomm is the biggest developer of the technology that underlies how mobile devices communicate. The company has been heavily criticized for its high royalty-rate demands and licensing conditions, which have led to a slew of regulatory investigations worldwide. The chipmaker has argued that the beneficiaries of regulatory action -- phone-makers -- have struck new deals that acknowledge the validity of Qualcomm’s patents. The company contends users of its technology benefit from its heavy spending on research and development. Profit Center Qualcomm has two businesses, selling the right to use patents on the fundamentals of cellular technology and designing and selling chips. Underlining the importance of those patents, it brought in $7.66 billion of licensing revenue in its most recent financial year. That translated to $6.5 billion of pretax profit. Chip revenue of $15.4 billion contributed only $1.8 billion to its profit. Tuesday’s FTC case in federal court in San Jose, California, stems from a process in which companies get together to develop industry standards so devices from different manufacturers can interoperate -- so, for instance, data sent from an Apple phone can be received and understood by one made by Samsung Electronics Co. Since the companies that develop those standards have an advantage in ensuring their patented inventions get included in the new specifications, they pledge to license the patents on “reasonable and non-discriminatory” terms. That phrase has been left undefined. As a result, courts and regulators have been struggling to interpret what’s fair and reasonable, and it has been a key issue during the legal wars among smartphone manufacturers. Rebates Offered The crux of the FTC’s case against Qualcomm is the claim that it offered Apple rebates on licensing fees in return for it exclusively using Qualcomm modem chips in the iPhone from 2011 to 2016. Citing agreements between the two companies, the FTC said in its complaint that Qualcomm intended to create “de facto exclusive deals that were as effective as express purchase requirements and that effectively foreclosed Qualcomm’s competitors from gaining processor business at Apple.” Qualcomm said in its statement that it has never withheld or threatened to withhold chip supply in order to obtain unfair or unreasonable licensing terms. “The FTC’s allegation to the contrary -- the central thesis of the complaint -- is wrong,” the company said. Apple spokesman Josh Rosenstock declined to comment on the case. The FTC lawsuit marks a new front in the agency’s challenges to anticompetitive conduct in patent licensing, said Michael Carrier, a professor at Rutgers Law School who specializes in antitrust and intellectual property law. Unlike past cases, the agency is targeting royalties collected by Qualcomm as excessive. FTC Wades In “This is a more aggressive complaint than we’ve seen in the past,” Carrier said. “Once you say higher royalties are a problem, the FTC is wading a little more in the details of what the royalties should be.” The FTC seeks a court order stopping Qualcomm’s alleged misconduct. Possible remedies could include disgorgement of unjust profits from past licenses or a requirement to obtain pre-approval for license terms in the future, said Mark Lemley, a professor at Stanford Law School. The FTC voted 2-1 to bring the case with Commissioner Maureen K. Ohlhausen dissenting. Ohlhausen, a Republican, said the lawsuit is based on a flawed legal theory that “lacks economic and evidentiary support” and will undermine U.S. intellectual property rights. The case is Federal Trade Commission v. Qualcomm Inc., 17-cv-00220, U.S. District Court, Northern District of California (San Jose). --With assistance from Susan Decker and Alex Webb To contact the reporters on this story: Ian King in San Francisco at ianking@bloomberg.net, David McLaughlin in Washington at dmclaughlin9@bloomberg.net, Joel Rosenblatt in San Francisco at jrosenblatt@bloomberg.net. To contact the editors responsible for this story: Michael Hytha at mhytha@bloomberg.net, Sara Forden at sforden@bloomberg.net, Peter Blumberg, Alistair Barr  ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN News Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behaviour that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Anti-Spam Did you find the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues with searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps My Topics feedback Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Donald Trump Bigg Boss 10 Jallikattu Narendra Modi BCCI Home Sci/Tech Apple may offer 32GB of RAM, Intel Kaby Lake processors in upcoming MacBook Pros Shares5 Wed, 18 Jan 2017-10:24am , Mumbai , AFP According to KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, Apple has a MacBook Pro refresh planned for later this year! Apple is expected to upgrade its 13" and 15" MacBook Pro laptops, released last fall, by the end of 2017. Rumors already point to the arrival of Intel's latest-generation microprocessors (Kaby Lake), freshly unveiled at the CES technology show in Las Vegas (USA), accompanied by a boost in RAM. According to a research note from KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, reported by a host of tech news sites, Apple has finally decided to use Intel's latest processors in its MacBook Pro computers. When the laptops launched in November 2016, Apple surprised observers by using Intel's seventh-generation Core processors, already at large in top-of-the-range PCs from HP, Lenovo, Acer and Dell. The new processors are expected to be joined by more RAM, with up to 32GB for the 15" MacBook Pro, double the current maximum. However, this MacBook Pro update isn't expected before fall 2017. As a result, the firm's 12" MacBook is likely to be the first of the brand's notebooks to get a new Intel Kaby Lake chip, expected from Q2 2017. The laptop could also get up to 16GB of RAM, up from the current 8GB. The current-generation MacBook Pro is the slimmest and most lightweight model ever made by Apple. It stands out from competitors with the new "Touch Bar" of touch-sensitive controls replacing the traditional row of function keys. This Retina-quality multi-touch strip adapts its functions in relation to the program being used, offering quick and easy touchscreen access to the main functions of Finder, Mail, Safari, Photos, GarageBand, Final Cut Pro X or third-party applications. The 13" MacBook Pro with Touch Bar technology starts at $1,799, rising to $2,399 for the 15" model. With top-spec components, the MacBook Pro can cost up to $4,799. A 13" model with no Touch Bar is available for $1,499. The previous-gen 13" model is still available to buy for $1,299, with the older 15" model at $1,999. TOP TOP < Priyanka Chopra launches her second Marathi production 'Kay Re Rascalaa'   Comments   Also Read Sci/Tech Indian smartphone market slips 18 percent in Q4 while Chinese brands dominate Sci/Tech Dark web goes Live: Why more criminals are intend to broadcast their act on social media Sci/Tech Five easy steps to download Android Nougat on your Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Sci/Tech Gone in 10 minutes: 250,000 units of Redmi Note 4 sold in first sale Sci/Tech Massive networks of fake Twitter accounts discovered Sci/Tech Huawei aims for slot among top 5 smartphone makers in India Next Article > Anil Kapoor and Arjun Kapoor to shake a leg in 'Mubarakan' < Previous ArticleNext Article > Priyanka Chopra launches her second Marathi production 'Kay Re Rascalaa' Next node Anil Kapoor and Arjun Kapoor to shake a leg in 'Mubarakan' Related Apple iPhone 8 could offer OLED screen technology You could buy a smartphone with a foldable screen this year Apple may be working on AR glasses with Carl Zeiss Video Balancing Act: Watch Vietnamese circus artist brothers smash an INSANE Guinness World Record ‘Backpack Challenge’ is the new teen craze taking over social media Watch: Heartbreaking short film 'Borrowed Time' by Pixar animators finally makes debut View all Tags Apple Apple macbooks Apple iPhone CES 2017 KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo MacBook Pro HP Lenovo Acer Dell Intel Kaby Lake MacBook Pro update New MacBooks Web Exclusive SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Advertise Reprint Rights News Nashik: Shiv Sena leader Surendra Shejwal killed, political rivalry suspected Workers staging peaceful protest were attacked because BJP follows Godse's ideology: Congress President Trump and PM Modi had a 'great conversation': White House official Nude painting of impeached South Korean President Park Geun-Hye sparks violence Senate panel approves nomination of Indian-American Nikki Halley as next US Ambassador to UN Sport Fixing-tainted pacer Sreesanth denied BCCI permission to play in Scotland Real Madrid's traditional Christian cross to go missing from logo in Middle East Arsenal's Granit Xhaka interviewed by police Russia can miss 2018 Winter Paralympics I-league: Mohun Bagan, DSK Shivajians settle for draw in a game of innumerable misses Entertainment From Slumdog to top dog: How Dev Patel REACTED to his Oscar nomination From Rekha to Akshay Kumar: Hrithik Roshan's 'Kaabil' gets a BIG thumbs up from B-Town PETA India RESPONDS to Kamal Haasan's challenge Shahid Kapoor speaks about his brother Ishan Khattar's debut Oscars 2017: Meryl Streep received record 20th nomination and her reaction is priceless! Money Apple Inc officials meet Nirmala Sitharaman CBI accuses Kingfisher of diverting Rs 293 cr from Rs 900 cr IDBI loan for personal use Recent GST Council's decisions not in national interest: IRS officers body CBI files charge sheet in IDBI loan case involving Vijay Mallya, Kingfisher Airlines Mallya loan default case: All 9 accused sent to judicial custody till February 7 Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
TechRadar The source for Tech Buying Advice Search RSS Reviews How To Phones TVs Laptops Deals Photography More Car Tech Wearables Tablets Components Audiovisual Gaming Computing Downloads News Pro Trending Buying Guides Nintendo Switch iPhone 8 Samsung Galaxy S8 MacBook Pro MWC 2017 iOS 10.2 News Best Vodafone phones in Australia: 5 we recommend Best Vodafone phones in Australia: 5 we recommend By Sharmishta Sarkar Mobile phones   The best smartphones you can get on a Vodafone plan Shares Vodafone may have been the last telco to join the 4G bandwagon, but has clearly come out the winner in terms of the availability of its 4G network, giving it a slight advantage over the competition. These days, Vodafone's network is robust, reaching 96.9 percent of the country's metropolitan customers. And while Vodafone 4G is available in a number of regional areas, Vodafone isn't quite as vocal about it as its competitors. Perhaps more appealing is the fact that generally, the telco has the cheapest pricing for plans which include 4G data speeds and unlimited talk time. Here's our round-up of the best smartphones available on a Vodafone plan. Apple iPhone 7 While iPhones are always among the most expensive options, it's a versatile and intelligent handset that boasts a refinement that should, for most people, be worth the expense. With the loss of the headphone jack – which might be an inconvenience to some – and the iconic home button, Apple made a statement about how the next generation of phones would lead us into the future. And despite its familiar design, the iPhone 7 now comes encased in a water-resistant chassis that should see it survive a moderate plunge in a metre of water for 30 minutes.  It’s got a slightly longer battery life as compared to the older models, a better camera that’s quite good in low-light conditions and fast innards, thanks to the new A10 fusion processor. To grab an iPhone 7 on a Vodafone plan, you’ll be paying anywhere between $76 a month (32GB iPhone, 1GB of data) and $126 a month (256GB iPhone, 25GB of data, including a 3GB bonus). Read our review of the iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus This larger model is markedly better than the smaller version by virtue of its improved battery life and the addition of the dual-setup camera with an easy-to-use interface – a big selling point for photography fans. There’s new colour configurations and more RAM under the hood; the headphone jack is gone, but there’s now a new kind of vibrating motor for more precise rumbles. Its water-resistant body also makes it feel like it could survive a bit of rough handling. The larger size, dual speakers and enhanced performance make this phone a standout. But all these changes make the iPhone 7 Plus the most expensive iPhone ever. If you think this is the right phone for you, then Vodafone has plans from $90 a month (32GB iPhone, 1GB of data) up to $135 a month (256GB iPhone, 25GB of data, including a 3GB bonus). Read our iPhone 7 Plus review Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung has added improvements to an already stellar phone, making the Galaxy S7 irresistible yet affordable. In terms of design, you’d be forgiven to think the Galaxy S7 is similar to the S6, but closer inspection reveals subtle differences – the metal rim around the home key is gone, the corners are more rounded, the metal framework between the front and rear glass is less obtrusive and the general design just makes it easier to hold and use. It’s got one of the best displays on any smartphone, with crisp, clear colours and excellent contrast ratios, great auto brightness that makes outdoor visibility ideal, and the always-on functionality of the screen is an excellent addition. Battery life is impressive and its camera is good in low-light conditions, too. A powerful processor makes it speedy and the microSD slot is back for expanded memory of up to 200GB, both making it an excellent gaming device. Vodafone has Samsung Galaxy S7 plans starting at $70 per month, up to $120 a month. And for a limited time only, every purchase of the Galaxy S7 comes with a bonus Gear Fit 2 fitness band. Read our review of the Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge Samsung has managed to outdo itself by improving an award-winning phone. The Galaxy S7 Edge might be larger than its predecessor, but it certainly doesn’t feel like it. The curved rear makes it fit comfortably in the hand, and the microSD slot is back, too. There’s a gruntload of power under the hood and the battery has been given a massive boot, allowing the phone to last over 24 hours between charges, even with heavy use. And the charging is superfast – Samsung claims you can charge the handset to 50% in just 30 minutes, provided you use the charger that comes in the box. Audio is one of the best out there, and the AMOLED screen with side display capabilities makes for excellent movie watching. The gaming experience is also one of the best, although the Game Launcher could do with a few tweaks. Even the camera on the Galaxy S7 Edge is one of the best we’ve seen on any smartphone. It might be a 12MP camera, but that makes the autofocus quicker and great in low light. All in all, that’s a five-star phone. And if you’d like to get this handset from Vodafone, you’ll be paying between $83 and $123 a month. And, like the offer on the Galaxy S7, there’s a bonus Gear Fit 2 to be scored with every purchase of the Galaxy S7 Edge until March 28, 2017. Read our review of the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge Huawei P9 Huawei wants to the give the big players a run for their money and the Chinese tech giant’s answer to that challenge is the P9. While it isn’t the cheapest phone, it’s definitely cheaper than the flagships from Apple and Samsung. Its design is gorgeous, with an aluminium unibody that's comfortable to hold, with rounded corners and smaller frame than other flagship Android phones. The highlight of this phone is its dual lens shooter made in partnership with Leica. The two 12MP sensors on the back of the phone work together to create higher-detailed images. The phone features a 5.2-inch 1080p display which some might call a disappointment, but Huawei has concentrated on the battery life, meaning you’ll manage through the day without requiring a charge. Huawei uses its own processors in their phones and they’ve done very well with the HiSilicon Kirin 955 processor in this handset, making it comparable to the strong Samsung Galaxy S7. There’s also 3GB RAM available for gaming and multitasking is easy as. There’s plenty to love about this phone, and Vodafone has plans on offer ranging from $55 to $120 a month. Read our review of the Huawei P9 review These phones are what we think are the best and most powerful ones available through Vodafone, and which one you pick will depend on your loyalty to iOS or Android.  If you’ve already made your choice, then all you now need do is compare Vodafone’s plans for various handsets as a final step. ABOUT THE AUTHOR Sharmishta Sarkar Sharmishta is an Australian TechRadar writer who's passionate about photography, loves the good old days of Star Trek, addicted to word games and obsessed with Calvin and Hobbes. She is the site's resident wildlife expert and can talk non-stop about all things mammals. And when she's not writing, she usually has her nose buried in a book... er, ereader. Related news US FTC charges Qualcomm with anticompetitive behavior Galaxy Note 7 still being used by 'thousands' of this US carrier's customers Mark Zuckerberg defends Oculus in case that could cost the VR company $2 billion The best cheap Sonos deals in January 2017 See more Mobile phones news Load Comments Tech deals, prizes and latest news Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more! No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 Here’s why the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 batteries caught fire and exploded 2 8 things you need to delete from your Facebook page right now 3 10 best gaming laptops 2017: top gaming notebook reviews 4 Samsung Galaxy S8: release date and everything you should know 5 Best Kodi/XBMC streaming boxes 2017 1 Here’s why the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 batteries caught fire and exploded 2 8 things you need to delete from your Facebook page right now 3 Twitter apologizes for making you follow the new US President 4 The first ever truly upgradable laptop has a card up its sleeve 5 Huawei Mate 9, the best phone you need in 2017 TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  iOS App  Calendar  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Take Control Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1353, 23 Jan 17 #1352, 16 Jan 17 #1351, 09 Jan 17 #1350, 02 Jan 17 #1349, 12 Dec 16 #1348, 05 Dec 16 #1347, 21 Nov 16 #1346, 14 Nov 16 #1345, 07 Nov 16 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members ScanSnap Smile   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the best-selling Take Control ebooks.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist Safari 10.0.3 iTunes 12.5.5 Final Cut Pro X 10.3.2, Compressor 4.3.1, and Motion 5.3.1 BusyCal 3.1.4 and BusyContacts 1.1.6 Mailplane 3.6.9 Boom 2 v1.5.2 Logic Pro X 10.3 Security Update 2016-007 (Yosemite) and 2016-003 Supplemental (El Capitan) Fantastical 2.3.3 HoudahGeo 5.1.5     Related Articles 73 Mac Automation Stories from TidBITS Readers (19 Jan 17)     Published in TidBITS 1351. Subscribe to our weekly email edition. CES 2017: Tech Trends to Watch CES 2017: Cool Products from CES Unveiled CES 2017: Gizmos from the PEPCOM Digital Experience CES 2017: From Laundry to Play-Doh at Showstoppers TidBITS Watchlist: Notable Software Updates for 9 January 2017     x Welcome to TidBITS! We make our articles available via RSS, and in a weekly curated email newsletter. You can also support our work by becoming a member, and receive several benefits.   Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. Opinion | 07 Jan 2017 | Listen  | Print  | Comment (98) Tell Us Your Mac Automation Stories by Adam C. Engst The news that Apple had laid off Sal Soghoian, who has been a fixture in the world of scripting and automation for decades, hit hard at MacTech Conference back in November. Although Sal hasn’t been making as many public appearances as he used to in the days of Macworld Expo, his indefatigable efforts to promote user automation inside and outside Apple have had wide-ranging impact. Sal worked tirelessly within Apple to encourage support for AppleScript and Automator (among much else), and to ensure that Apple apps provided the necessary scripting dictionaries and Automator actions. He was long a champion for the user, believing that users know best what they need to do and that automation technologies were essential for enabling users to create and streamline their own workflows. What should we make of Sal leaving? Apple didn’t lay him off specifically, it instead eliminated the position of Product Manager of Automation Technologies. It’s my understanding that multiple groups within Apple wanted to hire Sal afterward, but Apple was under some sort of hiring freeze that prevented him from migrating within the company. So it doesn’t look as though Apple was trying to get rid of Sal personally, which is good. What’s less good is that it would appear that Apple doesn’t see the need for having a position that evangelizes user automation. A 9to5Mac reader sent email to Craig Federighi, Apple’s Senior Vice President of Software Engineering, to ask that Apple not kill AppleScript and Automator, and was told “We have every intent to continue our support for the great automation technologies in macOS!” Federighi’s response prompts the question of whether Apple’s future actions will bear out his statement. It may be overreaching to read too much into his precise words, but “intent” is an aim or a plan, not a guarantee. And “support” can mean “maintenance mode” rather than “advancing the state of the art.” Regardless, eliminating Sal’s position isn’t a step in the right direction. Sure, Apple could have plans to replace AppleScript and Automator with super secret magic unicorn technologies, but based purely on what the company has done and said, it’s hard to believe that. It wasn’t always like this. The reason AppleScript survived the purge of products and technologies after Steve Jobs returned was that Jobs understood the importance of automation to key Apple markets, like publishing, finance, and TV and film, not to mention the enterprise and IT worlds. These industries live and die by custom workflows based on AppleScript and other automation technologies built deep into macOS. Jobs personally approved the inclusion of Automator in OS X, and he enabled and supported adding AppleScript as a development language to Xcode. And it was because of his support that Apple’s automation team went on to develop AppleScript/Objective-C, script libraries, and JavaScript for Automation. But the Apple of today is an entirely different company, focusing as it does on the iPhone and iOS. Even so, it’s obvious to anyone who uses iOS that there is still an important role for automation. I can tell Siri to “Change ‘Floating’ to 8 AM” to adjust the time of my wake-up alarm, but I have no way to automate the five taps necessary to play the audiobook we listen to every night in the Hoopla digital library app. Five wasted taps every night isn’t the end of the world, but if you can’t automate the little stuff, you certainly can’t automate the big stuff. If Apple’s seeming indifference toward automation worries you because you rely on scripts, macros, workflows, and more to get your work done quickly, effectively, and accurately, here’s what I’d like you to do. Leave a comment on this article outlining how you depend on Mac automation tools in your job. If there are too many examples to fit in a single comment, just focus on those that are the most important to you. I’ll compile all the comments and publish them as a future article, and I’ll also send a copy to Craig Federighi and Apple CEO Tim Cook so they see concrete examples of why we need these automation technologies to continue to evolve. To kick things off, here’s my most important bit of automation. When it comes time to publish a new or updated Take Control title, I start with three versions of the book: a PDF, an EPUB, and Mobipocket file. A copy of each must be stored in several locations on our internal file server and uploaded both to our Web server and to Amazon S3. Plus, the uploaded versions must be renamed precisely according to an algorithm that’s replicated on our server, so the site can update itself and serve the correct files based on the presence of properly named uploads in the right directories. When I used to do this by hand, it took 15–20 minutes, and I ran the risk of renaming a file incorrectly or uploading to the wrong directory. (And making a mistake meant that I had to spend even more time figuring out what I’d done wrong and fixing it.) Now that I have a series of Automator workflows performing these tasks for me, it takes me just seconds to initiate the uploads, and there are never any errors. So that’s my automation story — tell us yours! Check out the Take Control ebooks that expand on the topic in this article: Take Control of Automating Your Mac If you use copy and paste, you’re taking advantage of an important shortcut. But did you realize that the Mac offers dozens of shortcuts that make tedious tasks quick, accurate, and repeatable? Author Joe Kissell reveals OS X’s many shortcuts and examines the utilities that go further, offering concrete examples and long lists of possibilities.   READERS LIKE YOU! Support TidBITS by becoming a member today! Check out the perks at <http://tidbits.com/member_benefits.html> Special thanks to Gordon Sande, Laurence Bertolini, Frank M Jackson, and Marinus Vaarkamp for their generous support!   Comments about Tell Us Your Mac Automation Stories To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. Apple’s elimination of the position of Product Manager of Automation Technologies a few months ago cast a pall over the future of automation at Apple. Adam explains what happened, his worry about Apple’s commitment to automation, and what you can do to express your concerns. Receive comments via RSS Add a comment Wooster  2017-01-09 14:00 Automator is one of my favorite Utility Apps. It's just pure magic how I can get first and third party apps to collaborate to do just about anything. For instance, I can have the Finder duplicate/rename 300 screenshots, send them to Pixelmator to crop, and then Transmit to upload to my server. It's just a pain in the neck to do it by hand and honestly, it's nothing short of magical having all these apps work together to complete my task for me. Reply Tommy Weir  2017-01-09 14:05 I have a custom naming approach for all files on my system. And every year, they are sorted into relevant groups and archived off using the automator actions which the developers of DevonThink Office Pro provide. It's a simple thing, a folder is monitored, files are imported and tagged. But the knowledge that the organisation is done and it's consistent year in and year out. I can't tell you what that means for my peace of mind in my business. 2. My son uses folder actions all the time, resizing images, converting and renaming them for different use cases, it's like his party trick for employers while he's studying in Boston College. 3. I use a combination of Automator, Hazel and Keyboard Maestro together with some scripts I picked up online to keep my computer organised. These various tools move files around to their rightful folders, rename files to my standardised system, save email attachments and move them to the right folders, clear up strays that land here or there, archive off application installers and delete old files that are backed up and not in use for some time. Reply Chuck Shotton  2017-01-09 15:03 Well, in a nutshell, most of the Web industry on Mac OS in the early days of the Internet would not have existed if not for Sal's work with AppleScript, AppleEvents, scriptability/recordability of applications, AppleEvent Dictionaries, the Script Editor, and the concept of scripts as runnable applications. Every external extension created for MacHTTP or WebSTAR, Userland Frontier, and all of the other HTTP servers on the Mac depended exclusively on these technologies. It was how applications talked. It's still how they should talk, but Apple (NeXT) seems to have never embraced it as they should have. Even the newest incarnation of MacHTTP, MacHTTP-js, depends on a slew of AppleEvents to do its job. Let's hope this great legacy isn't lost just because it doesn't work on iOS... Reply Anthony Reimer  2017-01-09 15:39 I use AppleScript and Automator for automating actions in the Finder. Some common things I have created that I use at work: • Clean the desktop of shared computers. • Automate server connections. • Take any downloaded dmgs and move them to an Installers folder automatically (using Folder Actions). • A service that opens the current URL in a specific browser (e.g., if a page needs Flash, open it in Chrome). I also use it as an integral tool to integrate with FileMaker Pro. (e.g., export text data from FileMaker to a file, have BBEdit clean it up, then upload that edited file to a web site using Fetch — AppleScript + FileMaker scripting can make this a single step for the user). The Mac Admin community is all about automation for both the efficiency that comes from it and the consistency of result. While Python and shell scripting are core to that automation, I know I still put Automator and AppleScript to use on a regular basis. Reply Anonymous   2017-01-09 15:51 For 16 years now approximately 15 times a year I do financials based on a series of companies. The workflow I've created reduces 21 pages of reports to a readable 4 and about 90 minutes of my time to 20. That's roughly 16 * 15 * (90-20) = 16,800 minutes or 280 hours or 35 work days or 6 work weeks of my life. That's time with family, time doing other work things, time that I am not simply throwing down the hole of clicks and points. Thank you for HyperCard, AppleScript, Automator and anything else Apple can provide to give me more time! Reply Paul Ellis  2017-01-09 16:21 Which Mac automation stories? Back in the day, when I regularly had tasks that merited automation, I used QuickKeys. Nowadays I use Hazel for the few regular automated file-handling tasks I have. I've found that on those comparatively rare occasions when I have a repetitive task that could do with automating, Automator invariably lets me down. It's quicker to complete the task manually rather than trying to bully Automator into action. Here's an example: automating iTunes playback. I leave iTunes running when away from my house for an extended period, to stop the place appearing to be empty. A few years ago I spent a couple of hours figuring out how to use Calendar to automate playback, but then found the Calendar events I created didn't 'travel', but had to be created afresh every day. I can no longer be bothered with this palaver: I simply remote in with Teamviewer and manually toggle playback. Welcome to C21 Mac automation, conspicuously lacking in usability and utility. Reply Adam Engst   2017-01-09 16:33 One of the hardest things with automation is picking the right tool. For what you describe, I'd use Keyboard Maestro, which can really easily play random music from iTunes at specific times. Reply Rob Wells  2017-01-09 17:31 I work at a small newspaper and we depend on AppleScript. The most important is one AppleScript that creates working pages from a master InDesign file. It applies the right styles, sets the date of the edition on each page, sets the page numbers and saves a copy to disk with an appropriate, dated filename. This was written almost 5 years ago and has prevented many mistakes, not least with incorrect dates going to print! Previously staff would duplicate an old page — risky for many reasons. On the other end, we use AppleScript to reliably produce the PDF files for use by our printers, custom settings and all. Other things we’ve done with AppleScript include scripting BBEdit to fix common mistakes in stories, retrieving and setting weather forecasts, TV listings, football fixtures & scores, creating the barcode (and checking it is correct — an occasionally major problem before). Newer stuff is often in Python but with an AppleScript interface. Code here: https://github.com/ppps Reply Rob Wells  2017-01-09 17:21 Oh, and that's just AppleScript. There's all sorts of stuff we do with Hazel and Python scripts run as LaunchAgents (through Lingon). Our newsroom is an all-Mac office and on occasion in the past a member of staff has suggested buying cheaper Windows machines. Alongside the longevity of Macs (most of ours are almost 10 years old), automation is always the big reason I give for why we would be worse off. My understanding is that bigger newspapers have software written for them to handle this stuff, which we could never afford. Mac automation technologies have enabled us to do it ourselves in-house. Reply Mike Warren  2017-01-09 17:57 I'm so old I remember when the whole reason for having a computer was automation . I consider AppleScript a programming language. I've created programs for record keeping, budgeting, a foreign language dictionary, flash cards. I use AppleScript for a daily email message to my partner (it pulls info from flat-file databases, Calendar.app; assembles a message, sends it via Mail.app, saves it as my Safari home page.) I have so many little scripts and Keyboard Maestro routines that I feel hopeless when I have to use someone else's Mac. Reply Daniel  2017-01-09 18:00 Keyboard Maestro, with an accompanying mix of Apple Script and shell scripts, is a wonderful glue for web applications with lacking APIs. After a recent migration between institutional repositories (for academic publishing) hundreds of full text files where missing because of a bug in the new systems import script. There were no APIs for uploading new files to existing records in the system, and some manual steps were required in the upload form, but the automation tools allowed me to reduce each process from maybe 30 error prone clicks in both of the applications and Finder to about three clicks per record. It saved me several hours of tedious work. Reply Daniel  2017-01-09 18:12 Another error in the same migration required me to verify the order of attached files in both of the systems, also for a few hundred items. By automation I could with a single keyboard shortcut navigate to the next item in a list of IDs, find the record in both of the systems, then open all attachments in order in new windows and tile them on the screen in two columns allowing me to see differences at a glance. If in order, a new click got me to the next item, else I could handle the error before moving on. Reply Thomas Tempelmann  2017-01-09 18:54 As a developer (for apps such as Find Any File, iClip and iBored), I recently have started using Automator and AppleScript to assist my customers when they have some technical troubles and are not too computer-savvy. I have scripts to collect files I need to look at, fetch system information, email them to me, or copy, move and delete files to fix some of their setups. And just the other day I used AppleScript to verify a slow memory leak in one of my apps, which required 1000s of mouse moves. With AppleScript, it took me 15 minutes to write the code, then have it perform its task for about one hour to cause the issue that otherwise took users days or even weeks to run into. A few hours later, and I managed to identify and fix one of the most obscure bugs I had for a long time in my app. Also, I'm happy to have spent the money on Script Debugger, which makes writing AppleScripts much less of a pain, indeed :) Reply gastropod  2017-01-09 19:43 Currently my main automation use is somewhat indirect. To tolerate Mail.app at all, I've found Mail Tags and Mail Act-on to be indispensable. They do a lot of automating for me by greatly expanding the filter tests and actions available, and by allowing for single key actions such as moving selected messages to a folder without having to drag through the folder tree. Since I run a majordomo server and several mailing lists, intricate mail sorting is a lifesaver. In the past, I used Quickkeys to remap the keyboard and add macros to music software such as Finale. Saved me hours a week and a lot of frustration. I'm planning to dive into Keyboard Maestro soon, partly to improve the modern Finder window handling train wreck. which costs me at least an hour a week in getting windows back where they're supposed to be. Reply gastropod  2017-01-12 22:21 I entirely forgot the services I created with Automator a few years ago to do routine exif handling. Automator calls on exiftool to show all metadata in BBEdit, strip all metadata, strip all but a few exif/iptc fields, alter GPS data, etc. Not only do they save some effort when used, they save the time it takes to periodically check the exiftool docs, since it has so many options I can never remember them. It's also much easier than the command line to do things to an ad hoc file selection. Reply Naomi Pearce  2017-01-09 19:49 Early in the days of Automator, Sal made a comment, something about it changing the way applications work together where you don’t have to learn the application, just find the action for the feature you want it to do. I looked at him sideways and thought, “yeah, right, okay buddy.” Some time later, I had worked on a proposal for several days (days because it involved a fair amount of PR-101 that had been requested), finished it, print-to-.pdf and sent it off. I followed up on it the next day and Andy Taylor of MacSpeech, Inc. said “well, yes, he’d received the Executive Summary and looked forward to the rest of it.” Wait, what?! Print-to-.pdf was something one took for granted, particularly from Word, and I opened the document and sure enough, it had not printed the whole document to .pdf, just the first page. I could get it to print page 1, or print from page 2-on, but not the whole document. Minutes were ticking by, and panic ensued. I was screwed. Or was I? I remembered what Sal had said about Automator and fired it up. I clicked on “workflow” to create a workflow. I used the search and found an action to combine PDF pages and dragged it over. Clearly, it needed to know what PDF pages to use to combine, so I found an action to Get Specified Finder Items and dragged it on top to make that happen first. Then I found an action to open the result up so I could see it (open finder items, I think it was called), and dragged that action below Combine PDF Pages. That’s all I could think of needing to do, so I dragged the page-1-only document and page-2-on document into the first action, and hit run. No more than 15 minutes after I first thought “what?!”→ just like magic → problem solved. And I never learned the applications, just found the actions for what I wanted to do. I’ll be darned. Wow! Only on a Mac. Reply Walt Jump  2017-01-09 20:21 I use Automator to routinely download specific files from government databases, rename them, and move them to specific folders for use by my FileMaker databases. This saves me at least 1-2 hours a day. I also use a program by someone who accesses the PTO databases and provides one file for data obtained from multiple databases by the use of Apple script and Automator. Reply Douglas Mobley   2017-01-09 21:08 The museum where I volunteer has a project to digitize old newspapers to aid the searching of them. The workflow, in simplistic terms, consists of photographing each page, processing the pages through Photoshop, and finally OCRing the images into newspaper issues. I had been using Photoshop actions to automate one step of the process but I was able to improve my productivity (measured as pages per hour completed) by more than 50% in the last year, using AppleScript to automate the workflow. Creation of folders and renaming of files is handled by Applescript control of Finder, and the processing of the page images through Photoshop is handled with AppleScript. I have used Automator to record and then understand what system events to include in my Applescript. Reply valm1  2017-01-09 21:10 The ability to adjust things in order for them to suit your needs is a first requirement for computers. That is why I liked Apple from the 1980s, and that is why I stopped using them 20 years later. I still have an iPad, but only two, maybe three apps are actually very useful. The rest is either buggy, full with ads or just plane useless. And the user cannot do a thing about it, unless you jailbreak the thing. No updates for individual apps either, so we are stuck with a buggy iOS emailer. I have never lost so many emails - many days of work. Never been so disappointed with Apple - a total waste of money and, especially, of my time. Reply Jeff Porten   2017-01-09 21:23 I think I've been writing AppleScripts for as long as the language has existed, and I've done a great deal of professional consulting doing one-off AppleScripts for my clients. I'd be lost without it. Most common use cases: 1) an AppleScript that cleans up and organizes my Desktop icons according to a custom grid, grouping them by color tag. 2) a randomizer selection when I have a group of files to read or movies to watch, picks "some item in the current folder". 3) any application missing a keystroke; i.e., I have dozens of one-line AppleScripts mapped to Quicksilver launch keys, so I can hit control-command-3 and label a Finder item yellow. (Then there's "comment and label yellow", which uses the yellow label to remind me that an item has a Finder comment.) Reply Rob Lewis  2017-01-09 23:16 I've used Macs since 1986, and our family has owned more than 15, along with assorted iPods and iPhones. With Apple's recent neglect of the Mac lineup, AppleScript is pretty much my last remaining reason for staying loyal: if they take that away, there's little reason for me to stay on the reservation. And if my computer isn't a Mac, there's not much reason for my next phone to be an iPhone. I have a fairly elaborate Home Automation system that is totally based on AppleScript and the XTension program. I love how it makes it easy to control and modify the behavior of the system. I've thought for years that an enhanced version of Automator could finally—finally!—make Home Automation accessible by mere mortals. In my opinion this is a gigantic missed opportunity for Apple. I'm frankly very worried. There are so many signs that Apple has lost its soul chasing shiny iObjects. Reply chrischram@gmail.com  2017-01-09 23:23 I have several Photos libraries on two different disks. I use an Automator app, with a bit of embedded AppleScript, to wrangle these libraries and let me select which one to open. I use AppleScript to collect the data from my weather station and upload it to my web space. It's more reliable than the software that came with the station. I also use AppleScript to massage the weather data and import it to a Numbers spreadsheet. Reply Jake  2017-01-09 23:47 I book several music venues in NYC. I book 100-200 acts per month. I rely heavily on automation, mostly with Keyboard Maestro, AppleScript, a bit of automator, TextExpander, and now also with Better Touch Tool to create app-specific touchbar buttons which trigger my applescripts. For those in doubt about the touchbar, I find it to be the best tool Apple has come out with in years. It's an amazing launcher for all my macros, and I have MANY. It's very powerful! I have actions that add confirmed events to the calendar (BusyCal), send confirmation emails at specific dates/times (much of which is because of a powerful CLI utility called iCalBuddy), resize and reformat images automatically, update web calendars with band descriptions, pictures, links, etc...basically everything I do relies on Mac automation in one form or another. It literally turns hours of work into minutes and allows more music to happen in New York. For me, automation is the best part of using a Mac! Reply Firitia  2017-01-10 01:21 Making netboot images requires automater (or system imaging utility which is just a shell around it). Over history the reability of it has been dubious. In 10.12.2 it is not working: the image source (sierra installer) cannot be found, even if you manually select it. In 10.12.1 it could be found, but the programm crashed anyway when trying to make the image. In 10.12.0 it was working. In 10.11.5 also. But it crashed in 10.11.4, 10.11.3, 10.11.2. Working in 10.11.1 and 10.11.0, but not 10.9.5, and so forth with the ups and downs into the times of the past. (Perhaps I mistake some version numbers, and with some versions it appeared to work on one but not on another computer, but the general idea remains.) In addition to that, when you save a workflow for next time, that next time trying opening it either opens, or it does not at all, or it just crashes the program. Reply Jon Gotow  2017-01-10 00:37 Another developer chiming in here (I'm the author of Default Folder X, App Tamer, Jettison, HistoryHound, and a bunch of other stuff going back nearly 30 years). I use AppleScript in 3 primary ways: 1. For automating processes in my own business, including email parsing and message handling, and software development and testing. 2. For customer support, sending AppleScript applets to customers to help them fix problems or collect debugging information. Having someone run an AppleScript is far more reliable than trying to walk them through a set of steps. 3. Integrating my software with other developers' products. As an example, Default Folder X can detect when Path Finder, a popular Finder substitute, is running and ask it to perform various tasks instead of the Finder - which is exactly what Path Finder users want it to do. That wouldn't be possible (or would be much harder) without AppleScript. Reply DeeAnne Lau  2017-01-10 00:52 AppleScript is used in many of the programs that I use! I am really appalled. I use it to tailor my spam controller program, SpamSieve. I have a Repetitive Motion Injury plus a pinched nerve in my neck. Being able to use scripts to control the Finder or web actions have saved me from much pain. I use A Better Finder Rename applets and use Automator to make contextual services that can be triggered by keystrokes. I use Script Debugger, also, to help me understand the underlying aspects of scripts as I compile them and look for problems. I still rely on some of Dougs Applescripts for iTunes to do things in that (frustrating) program. I use Hazel to manage organization of my downloads and printer folders. I am retired, but I still use my Mac for financial management, communications, learning, and recreation. I rely a lot on AppleScript and Automator. Reply paule  2017-01-10 01:16 I use automator to do mass re-namings of files of photos I take for my son's football team. I estimated once that using automator saves me about 45 minutes per week -- and reduces the error count to zero. Over 14 rounds of footy, that's nearly 11 hours of saved effort. I know I could write a shell script to do the same thing, but Automator makes it easy for me to do (it's been over a decade since I last wrote a shell script!) Reply Felix Deimel  2017-01-10 04:21 I'm using parts of AppleScript to allow users of my professional remote management app, Royal TSX to automate keyboard input. This can range from having a password automatically entered to complex scripts that inject values from their associated connections or credentials. The 10.12.2 update made this completely unreliable as uppercase characters or special characters appearing anywhere in the text can completely mess up the casing. Sometimes it's correct, but it's completely unpredictable and the frequency of errors is very high. I've posted a radar and TSI about this but have yet to hear back from Apple. Here's a copy of the bug report: https://openradar.appspot.com/29182929. One of my customers posted a +1 kind of radar for this here: https://openradar.appspot.com/29825727 If anyone around here is affected by this as well I'd appreciate you "duplicating" my radar. Coincidentally this bug started to appear just around the time Sal left. Make of that what you will... Reply Jean-Pierre SMITH  2017-01-10 06:03 I am not a coder. I know of the existence of Automator, Applescript, javascript, shell scripts and other bizarre animals but am not knowledgeable at writing them. But I find using them to be useful, fun and good for my marriage. When I decided to also implement bootable clones for backup, I attached all clones to my wife's iMac and cloning is done from my MacBook Pro by authenticated traffic. This gives comfort and protection against ransomware affecting the MacBook Pro. I had disks mounted and making noise all day. My wife rightfully pointed to noise and energy bill: a perspective for divorce. But my MacBook Pro's clones are all sitting attached to the iMac, away from CCC and its easy to use automation tools. So I found on the internet "Mount" and "Eject" Applescripts, adapted them to my needs and, to trigger them, use a timer software (Task Till Dawn). Thus these drives are only mounted and doing noise one hour per day, around midnight. Marriage saved ! Thank you Applescript ! Reply Andy Lietz  2017-01-10 08:07 We're a prepress and printing house and we use AppleScript all the time to automatically typeset and alter layouts in InDesign with data from Excel and FileMaker. AppleScript is the "glue" that binds it all together and one of the major reasons we're on the Mac. But as a programming language, AppleScript feels more and more old-fashioned now compared to, say, Python or Ruby. I've met Sal at MacWorld and especially admire him for persuading Adobe to put good AppleScript support into InDesign. It's very sad to see him (and, it seems, Apple's support for automation) leave the company. Reply Bill Cheeseman  2017-01-10 08:26 I was a trial lawyer specializing in major environmental, financial and intellectual property litigation in a large law firm. I used AppleScript regularly to assemble relevant information from a variety of sources and organize it in complex, standardized spreadsheets for analysis, giving me a major advantage over my opponents. Reply Kimball Kramer   2017-01-10 08:53 I am a keyboard person. I have over 200 services/workflows with keyboard shortcuts that open web sites, open applications, open documents that I use & reuse, open windows, an replace menubar clcks, and more. In a more limited way I also use both QuicKeys and iKey. Reply Charles Butcher  2017-01-10 09:26 For me, AppleScript as a way for non-programmers to tie applications together is probably the most important differentiator for MacOS. I've been loyal to Apple since my first Quadra 800, but if they abandon AppleScript I'll probably move to Windows or plain UNIX. I run my freelance business on FileMaker Pro. AppleScript lets me create calendar events and to-dos straight from FileMaker, use BBEdit to clean up text from within another application, scan and OCR documents straight to DEVONthink, and a host of other small tasks that over the years must have saved me many hundreds of hours. Sure, AppleScript can be a pain to write, and I've never got on with Automator. But the fact that so many apps support AppleScript, even if only in limited or idiosyncratic ways, is a real achievement. People say the Mac has been "dumbed down"; I've been OK with this so far, but losing AppleScript would be a big blow to professionals. Reply John Cooper  2017-01-10 09:47 I use Keyboard Maestro for window management, application launching, and text expansion, and A Better File Rename for mass renaming of files. I probably use automation a lot less than I could, but if Keyboard Maestro in particular were to go away (because the technology underlying in becomes unavailable), that might be the nail in the coffin for my use of the Mac, frankly. Reply Frank Remsen  2017-01-10 09:55 I have built a few amazing scripts to automate a lot of my InDesign work, which helps me separate my design files to PDF and then upload them via transmit to an FTP server. I have many more scripts that help me post content to my blog via Applescript automatically while I sleep. I have scripts that create tags for t-shirts I create and sell online. I have finder folder creators built from Applescript. Applescript is an indispensable technology and it needs to stay in the Mac OS. I have also created a petition to save Applescript at https://www.change.org/p/apple-keep-mac-user-automation-such-as-applescript-automator-in-mac-os-x?source_location=topic_page Reply David  2017-01-10 10:01 I’ve been using AppleScript to automate all sort of things for a very long time. I am in academia, so I’ve mostly developed scripts to automate or help with my teaching and with my record keeping. Initially with Excel, I’ve created a script that would create an Excel spreadsheet formatted and with all the formulas to compute grades putting the precise dates I would teach excluding the holidays. And this would be created by me just copying the webpage where the roster of students for the course is. Then, to take attendance I would use a script that would prompt me with the student name and I would just say “present” or “not here” to have the appropriate mark entered in the sheet (“P” or “A”). Macs had the ability to work with voice command I believe since v 7.5 (my earliest Mac OS version) via the SpeechRecognitionServer. Same thing wold work for entering grades (my office mate decided on a Mac after witnessing me doing both the grades and attendance). After that, I would create from each of my student a web page with his/hers record. I could have 1 or 1000 students and the pages would be created in a flash. I would ftp ( using the Terminal app) to my site and name every file according to their location. Then, to enter grades in the (brain dead) software the College uses to get student grade, AppleScript with Safari and Javascript and I automatically put grades attendance status and last class attended by having an AppleScript that reads the Excel or Number (the one I prefer) spreadsheet data. At the college, at one point the Math Department was creating final exams for remedial level Math courses by getting questions from a 2000+ problems from a MS Word document. This document was divided in various sections. These exams were made by randomly selecting one question from each section. It was a long and laborious process. I was asked to help and from then on we would get all (7 per semester) exams created in less than a minute. They would come already formatted ready for printing. Using Smile, from Satimage (Satimage.fr an AppleScript based developer tool) I have created various QT movies that helped me with teaching, Pre-Calculus trigonometry, Calculus differentiation and integration, statistics distribution, etc. I have created Mathematical libraries for all kinds of Mathematics operations, including Matrix algebra and Statistics Library to help me teach Statistics (much faster and easier to access than R or other scientific software). Using AppleScript and a Mac Mini server Apple could easily disrupt the Education Market by simplifying everyone’s life. It would be cheaper and error free, very likely also more secure and private, without violating any law (FERPA). But hey, who wants to make a ton of money anyway? I’ve created an (AppleScript) app that everyday puts the APOD (apod.nasa.gov) as a background picture of my desktops (I’ve many). I’ve created a script that would search and display the lyrics of the current iTunes song. I use AppleScript to organize my folders, I use AppleScript to apply rules to my incoming Mail. I use AppleScript to generate and save passwords. I use AppleScript… Yes, I would say that Mac automation is the single most important reason I use Macs (actually, now most of my extended family uses Mac because of me). So, yes, Apple should support Mac Automation, because each automation user implies in many others that follows. Reply Steve Cunningham  2017-01-10 16:23 How did you manage to beat the 1000 character limit? Reply Adam Engst   2017-01-10 16:34 Good question! :-) The only way I know of to do it is to be a logged-in TidBITS member, at which point you get up to 5000 characters. http://tidbits.com/member_benefits.html Reply rufus  2017-01-10 10:04 I am an avid home personal weather hobbyist. The weathercat Macintosh software I, and thousands of others, use has many Apple scripts built into it. Many of us write scripts to enhance automated transmission of weather data to 8 international weather gathering organizations, including the National weather service. Other Macintosh weather software also uses Apple scripts to enhance their products. Apple prides itself in being user customizable. Automator and scripts are the main reason this is possible. Reply Mark Bernstein   2017-01-10 10:30 As a software designer, I rely every day on complex, scripted behaviors that coordinate multiple applications. Reply Sam  2017-01-10 10:41 Removing Automation's manager is just another wrong step Apple is taking away from workplace computing and toward entertainment computing. What's with eliminating the software to enable an attached modem in sierra. Dailing the phone is the whole reason I got a Mac in the first place. Reply Rob  2017-01-10 10:48 I use Automator, and especially folder actions, a lot. It enables me to add batch capabilities to Photos, and extend its usefulness now that it is surplanting Aperture. I also use scripts to organize email. But much of my automation is now done with IFTTT...I find it amazing (and so, so sad) that while that is growing Apple is apparently headed in the other direction. And it works particularly well with smart home stuff and Echo. Reply Sam Reichberg  2017-01-10 11:36 Sorry, but "hiring freeze" sounds like BS, coming from the most valuable company in the universe and affecting one of its most valuable members. It sounds more like the work of an efficiency expert accountant lurking in the background. Axing automator does not seem just like an isolated incident. It probably reflects the strategic view that Apple computers (including smartphones and tablets) should serve a menu of isolated self-sufficient apps (except for Apple's own apps, of cour$e). Nothing can be further from truth. Switching among multiple apps does not just requires a bunch of extra clicks. Cumulatively it is debilitating and interferes with even the desire to use the appliances. The approach should be just the opposite: make multi-app automation easy and use will skyrocket. Reply Gavin Eadie  2017-01-10 12:25 Wow! A lot of responses, maybe mine's already in there but .. I use AppleScripts for various Finder conveniences. One I rely on daily creates a alias, on the Desktop, to a new folder created in Dropbox every midnight. The folder is named for the date and each day I drop any new material I want to keep into that "today" folder. The script is kicked off by launchd at midnight (+1 minute) and every time I log in. It's not a big deal but I suspect I wouldn't have the personal rigor to do this manually every day. Having set this up fourteen years ago (Dropbox added more recently), I rely on its convenience and the historical record it provides. Reply Aaron Priven  2017-01-10 13:30 Without automation, we couldn't do all kinds of the work we do at AC Transit creating bus stop signs and schedules. Having said that, I would love to stop using Applescript and use either Adobe's Javascript implementation, where we're just scripting Adobe apps, or Apple's Javascript for Applications, where we're also scripting other apps. Applescript, the language (as opposed to AppleEvents and the other underlying technologies), is really hard to work with. Reply Polly  2017-01-10 15:27 I used to use Applescript plus Extra Script to control the mouse by voice. I could single-, double-, and right-click without touching the mouse. Helpful when your arms ache! Reply Steve Cunningham  2017-01-10 16:25 I think it is a fool's errand to address any comments to current Apple Management. From their actions alone, Occam's Razor suggests that they are phasing out the Mac and OS X no matter what they say. The writing is on the wall. That being said, Applescript is one of the main reasons I own a Mac. I have written hundreds of scripts to make my life easier. Two I would pick to highlight are a Software Marketing and Tracking System and a Dead Man Monitoring System. The Software Marketing and Tracking System uses Applescript, Filemaker, and Mail to automatically track software trials, purchases, channels of distribution, etc. Incoming emails are automatically processed to log purchases, issue serial numbers, create a customer database, and track trial installations. The whole system is driven by email arrivals and requires no manual intervention. This has saved man-years of manual effort. The Dead Man Monitoring system is described in the next post Reply Steve Cunningham  2017-01-10 16:15 (Continued from previous post) The Dead Man Monitoring system is for a paralyzed patient who cannot communicate. It guarantees that help will be summoned if someone doesn't enter the patient's room every two hours. Since I am the sole caregiver, if anything were to happen to me the patient would die of dehydration before anyone found her. The system uses a motion sensitive camera to track entrances and exits from the patient's room. When detected, the camera places a message in a folder which triggers the Monitoring script to log it and reset the Dead Man Counter. The Monitoring Script also runs automatically every two hours and, if there has been no activity, initiates a series of alarms and notifications, first locally and then to a list of external responders. A schedule for which hours are monitored during the day can be set and changed as well as the list of responders. Everything is done with Applescript. The system runs on a UPS protected Mac Mini and uses Launch Agents to monitor itself for failures. Reply joecab  2017-01-10 22:05 The New York Times used to have this old, creaky Quark XPress plug-in to typeset their crossword grids from some company overseas that went out of business and left them high and dry. People at the NYT knew I was a Mac and puzzle guy so they consulted with me and I said I could come up with a replacement rather quickly using AppleScript. Now the scripts are used to typeset all their print puzzles, upload PDFs to FTP servers for proofreading, and export various electronic versions for online solving. I never could have done it without AppleScript (and the terrific Script Debugger) so, many thanks, Sal! Reply Colin Bay  2017-01-11 00:50 I have a mailing list digest I get nearly every day. When it comes in, I use an applescript (launched with a hotkey via Spark) to process the text to remove gremlins, replace annoying URLdefender URLs with real ones, serialize the file name, and save it in a consistent folder. I could do this by hand in a couple of minutes, but would I every single day? Nope. I love Applescript. Reply Nicholas Orr  2017-01-11 04:22 I use AppleScript and Automator to package up an app I sell, which itself includes UI automation via AppleScript. All of the copying of files and putting things in the right places couldn't work without all the long history of automation amongst multiple apps as well as the OS. Reply Jim Neumann  2017-01-11 08:36 I have Applescripted professionally for 15+ years. From simple tasks, to chaining scripts together in workflows to run entire departments, it has proven its worth again and again. Our apps, DEVONthink Pro (Office) and DEVONagent Pro also have a robust Applescript dictionary that allows our clients to extend and enhance their own experience. We are BIG fans of automation at DEVONtechnologies! Reply Greg C  2017-01-11 09:42 I have done a ton of automated stuff over the years. My favourite, but not that impressive, was converting 1400+ files from Excel into an online web help. Half a day of scripting and about an hour of runtime and the whole thing was finished. That's kind of the point. If you can't automate tasks, then it ceases to be a computer. I have no great love of Applescript, but I do think Apple Events was a truly great innovation. My hope is that Swift will provide a way to work directly with Apple Events, without resorting to horrid workarounds. The sooner the better. Reply Nick Morris  2017-01-11 10:42 This would be a great loss. Although I am not a huge fan of AppleScript (I find the syntax annoying and at times impenetrable - I also don't like the lack of good debugging tools) I have nonetheless used it, and Automator, for years for a wide range of tasks. At present, I use a combination of AppleScript and Automator to blog from my Mac and to produce eBooks. I have scripts and folder actions that: • Post Evernote notes to my Wordpress blog (yes, I could use Postach.io, but they have been somewhat unreliable of late) - this requires some PHP in the AppleScript • Pass Evernote notes to Scrivner for eBook production • Pass images from an Evernote note back to Evernote as individual notes for posting to Instagram • Resize images for blog posts • Resize images for posting to Twitter One of the most fun scripts I had (and I found this on the Internet and adapted) automated Keynote to send out a tweet when a slide was shown. The tweet contained the text in the speaker notes for the slide. This script caused a lot of confusion as the audience couldn't work out how I was presenting and tweeting at the same time! Reply Rob Lewis  2017-01-11 12:42 I don't think Apple management is considering the "Reverse Halo Effect" that Brent Simmons wrote about: http://inessential.com/2016/11/21/the_reverse_of_the_halo_effect The idea is that with Apple discontinuing or failing to update so many products (like Airport Wi-Fi routers and external displays), a lot of people who once automatically bought Apple's solutions because they could be depended upon to "just work" are forced to look elsewhere. And if you're looking at other monitors, why not other computers? Why not other phones? The walls around Apple's painstakingly constructed (and very profitable) garden are crumbling, and it won't end well. The likely demise of AppleScript and Automator are, well, another break in the wall. Reply Carlos  2017-01-11 13:57 I've saved hundreds of hours every year by using AppleScript every day via apps that rely on it of Keyboard Mastro, Automator, Hazel and Default Folder X. I'm a photographer and one of my favorite workflows that I have created involves launching an application, called PostHaste, every time I insert a SD with fresh new photos, in my mac, this creates automatically a folder on the server that is renamed with the contents of the clipboard, previously copied from the latest event in my calendar. After this, a new Finder window is prompted to the foreground revealing the newly created folder, next to it Image Capturehas been launched allowing me to drag and drop the new photos into the new folder window. My photos then are automatically renamed by Hazel. Reply Patricia Pfitsch  2017-01-11 16:17 My husband and I run a small transcription business. Our clients are production companies who send us raw film footage they’ve taken for documentaries. We create a written transcript of the film by transcribing what they hear and see—then we we send the transcript to the client. Our clients are usually under a tight deadline so it’s crucial that we can create the transcript fast—often we need to transcribe hours of film and get the transcripts to the client within a twelve-hour period. That kind of speed depends on using AppleScript to create shortcuts for names and other words and phrases that are repeated continually in the dialogue. (You’d be amazed at how many times people say ‘you know’ in conversation.) We also use AppleScript to start and stop the film while we’re transcribing. AppleScript is the key to our success and without it we’d be out of business! Reply Brian Christmas  2017-01-12 04:46 I have a 9 years in-the-making vary large App called Mail Manager that takes all incoming artwork, for any art work App, and prints a sheet to monitor factory progress, and 2 barcodes and 2 plain text fields to each image, then prints each piece of artwork at 100% accuracy. It also triple saves (for redundancy purposes), each file before and after printing. These images are used to make metal or plastic printing dies, including the Seal of the President of the United States. All running on a top-of-the-line iMac, and Xcode ASObjC. Reply Emmanuel Levy  2017-01-12 05:10 We at quomodo.com have developed a Web Server environment where XML + Applescript somehow are used instead of the widely used mySQL + PHP. Main advantage is, XML is both the database language and the web page language. Thanks to that environment, we are able to develop enhancements and new features way faster and more freely than if we used the usual mySQL - PHP framework. A specific — yet, very simple — cgi sends the http requests to our AppleScript hub (Smile), which in turn sends the hard stuff to some osax (mainly, XMLLib.osax). A herd of Smile apps handle up to 100 requests a second (approximate — I did not measure recently). Our DIY web site system works wonderfully for 50,000+ sites maintained by 100,000+ admins. Reply William Adams  2017-01-12 10:14 I have written scripts which Olav Martin Kvern declared to be impossible. These scripts have enabled me to do creative and production work at a speed which makes it possible for my company to win bids and remain profitable. If the Mac OS doesn't have Applescript, then we will be forced to use instead other tools which have the level of control needed to afford the sort of automation which we need to be competitive. Reply Rob Lewis  2017-01-12 11:39 When the very popular contact manager Now Contact was discontinued some years ago, I was able to create an AppleScript to export its contact files to Apple's Address Book (now called Contacts). It is a commercial product that does a much better job than any other solution, and I still get requests for it. And when I switched from my previous note manager to Evernote, I wrote an AppleScript that transferred my old notes, nicely categorized. I've used AppleScript with OmniGraffle to print custom serialized and bar-coded labels, and with Excel to calculate and print specialized scales for liquid measurement. Reply Mark Leslie  2017-01-12 11:51 I work for a global sports apparel brand, and we could not match the speed of the marketplace without Applescript and MacOS automation technologies. Many years ago when we first implemented large automated workflows, we absorbed two successive years of +20% increases in product SKUs without the need to scale up existing production art team staffing. Not only that, but the very significant decreases in user errors (typos, component placement, file naming) reduced previously typical rework while freeing proofing efforts to be more focused on essential product details. In all aspects of our business - product creation, preparation of manufacturing visual spec documents, color management, merchandising materials / catalogs, product photography - Applescript and deep cross application connections drive our capabilities. Data from corporate data stores are piped to drive workflows and assign metadata attributes to assets. We use hot folders on servers to drive MacOS purpose built “appliances” running as asset creation engines. Assets created in this way are then transferred to other servers for delivery to another art team. With everything we have in place, and all the successes we have achieved, we still regularly discover new opportunities for automation. I can’t foresee any end to how we can harness the deep reach and power of Applescript, Apple Events, and scriptable applications. Reply Adam Engst   2017-01-12 12:04 Just ran across this great automation hack, where Khoi Vinh gets his Google Home device to play Spotify music on his Mac mini home-theater system. https://www.subtraction.com/2017/01/11/controlling-a-mac-with-amazon-echo-or-google-home/ Reply Laine   2017-01-12 12:07 I got tired of notifications of software agreements when mounting disk images, so I wrote a script to remove them. https://sites.google.com/site/llee040/applescript/remove-notice Reply Chip Patterson  2017-01-12 12:24 We use AppleScript in our business every day. We have several scripts to make daily tasks more efficient, and this has led to 25% of our company using MacBooks instead of Dells. I have to say that if support for AppleScript were to become weak, we might well lose the fight to increase Mac use in our business. It's crucial to the ease-of-use and utility arguments. Reply Ray Robertson  2017-01-12 13:54 Thanks for doing this, Adam. Please give us at least another week to finish responding. I'm slammed with AppleScript development work at the moment. I've only begun the process of alerting some clients, and will post my own thoughts once they've had a chance to contribute (a couple have already). Reply Adam Engst   2017-01-12 14:24 No problem — keep the stories coming! Reply Jim Royal  2017-01-12 19:54 I've used AppleScript for a large number of diverse tasks: - Automating Photoshop and QuickTime Player to generate color lookup tables for video clips. - Migrating web-based documentation by post-processing auto-generated HTML in BBEdit. - Syntax check on PHP files. - Renumbering iTunes tracks. - Inserting generated HTML from Safari into BBEdit. - Downloading real-time weather for flight simulator from NOAA server. And there are probably others I've forgotten. Applescript is indispensable. Reply Simon Bowler  2017-01-12 23:07 I used AppleScript to automate a range of tasks associated with a Medical Practice using Filemaker. AppleScript is almost unique in the way variables and data from a number of programs / sources can be parsed and inserted into for example Filemaker Reply Carlos  2017-01-12 23:35 My most used Automation function is text-to-audio. Just about all applications work with this via "Services". I use this because I have a hard time reading because of my dyslexia. Having the computer read me the text while I follow along helps out SO MUCH! It's also so easy to setup that I've created multiple text-to-audio versions of different accents because WHY NOT! A thick Russian accent can be quite funny and make the reading better than it was originally! - Example of the text-to-audio Russian accent: http://czepeda.com/writes/123 . Also about other stuff I do with Automator. - Automator workflow to create text-to-audio: http://czepeda.com/gfx/automator-workflow-create-text-to-audio-russian-accent.png - The Services option by right-clicking on highlighted text: http://czepeda.com/gfx/text-to-audio-russian-accent.png Reply David Ohman  2017-01-14 11:12 I introduced AppleScript into our production workflows in the early 2000's. Currently there are few, if any, pieces of our content that are not created, processed, or touched in some way without the automation we've developed with AppleScript. Next time you read a comic from Andrews McMeel Syndication (formerly Universal Press Syndicate/UniversalUclick) or United Features Syndicate it is there in part because of AppleScript. David Ohman Vice President of Digital Product Development Andrews McMeel Universal Reply RJay Hansen  2017-01-14 12:08 I manage a design/prepress department for a direct mail/printshop/web design company. Soon after I started I began seeing opportunities to improve the department's efficiency by writing AppleScripts to automate many tasks that are done repeatedly in the department. From simple scripts to automatically create job folder structures (use many times a day by every department member) to more complex ones that automate processes and interactions with Excel, Acrobat and InDesign. I've even written a basic imposition program for InDesign with AppleScript. These scripts save untold man-hours over the course of a year. It will be a sad day if this ability is ever removed from MacOS. Reply Joern Dyck  2017-01-14 16:43 I once had the task to open and save 5.000 videos on a remote Xserve. Because back then, QuickTime files would only play in a browser after the file was loaded completely. (Today everybody expects that the video starts to play after the first few Bytes have been loaded.) Apple provided a way to prepare old videos for this: just open the file and save it again with the QuickTime Player, unaltered. But nobody can manually open 5.000 files in the QuickTime Player and save them again. With AppleScript, you just iterate through all files in the folder, open them one by one with QuickTime Player and save them again. It's a few lines of code, and the poor Xserve would be busy for some nights. (Because AppleScript is happy to work at night). I have solved many problems like this with AppleScript. Rarely gets AppleScript the credit that it deserves. Reply Chris  2017-01-17 11:24 I provide workflow support to some non-technical artists and creative professionals. I use Automator to create a double click friendly application to execute bash scripts of multiple and sometimes confusing commands. This minimizes errors, while simplifying the process to keep the end user in control. Reply Steven McCarthy  2017-01-17 12:50 Have been using Applescript for 20+ years in Magazine Publishing and Prepress. First at Hearst Magazines then later at McCgraw-Hill, continuing to use at Bloomberg LP on such tiles as Businessweek, Markets, and Pursuits Magazines. Automated many workflows over the years that preflight InDesign layouts, update links, create press-ready PDFs, automatic FTP transfer of files, also scripts which convert and archive files into organized files and folders which adhere to strict naming conventions. I have automated workflows for our Mobile apps group where print layouts are re-purposed for mobile and online web applications. These automated workflows save hundreds if not thousands of manual work hours to the point where if for some reason a script stops working there is a cry and backlash from the staff who refuse to go back to the old manual workflows. Can't say how much AS has helped. Thanks to Sal for all he has taught and done for the AS over the years. Its hard to put into words. Reply Rick Pepper  2017-01-17 14:10 A key feature of AppleScript, which is largely overlooked or mocked, is that it's _accessible_ to non-programmers. The most overlooked feature (or failure to realize the value and necessity) of AppleScript seems to be the ability to communicate with numerous disparate applications within a single body of code to accomplish a complex task. Many prep-press technicians (pre-press primarily in the earlier days) have to "just get things done" any way they can and AppleScript EMPOWERS them to do that. We always use straight AppleScript, never use Automator. AppleScript, for me, _IS_ "Why Mac"?" - it's about being agile. If Apple kills the Mac, they';ve killed our automation. If they kill off AppleScript, they've lost future Mac sales. Much of what we wrote in the mid 90's can still be wrangled with in order to update as needed because the platform has remained stable. If Apple shifts gears on us, they've largely negated the advantages and efficiencies we've enjoyed since 1994. I work for a large commercial printer. Over the last 22 years we have used AppleScript to: 1. Construct entire print production workflows 2. Convert numerous file types to preferred file types 3. Create files for output on systems that were "not Mac compatible" 4. Automate (pre-press) near-line archive storage system retrievals (system 1) (46 GB's in the late 90's!) 5. Automate the archival of and then the retrieval of said near-line archived files (system 2) (over 50TB and counting) 6. Convert proprietarily built EPS files to more output-friendly EPS files using Illustrator 8 & "Scripz" 7. Generate web previews for a web-based print ordering system 8. Batch modify file names from digital cameras 9. Convert exported metadata (XMP files) from Lightroom to other text file formats 10. Work around bugs in Illustrator 8 by reading/altering/re-writing EPS files (late 90's) 11. Convert PMS colors in EPS files to either Cyan, Magenta, Yellow, or Black using Illustrator 8 with "Scripz" then Illustrator 9. 12. Create HTML table-based reports from various data sources 13. We were able to build an AppleScript/QuarkXPress-based automated imposition system that we used for over 10 years (late 90's) 14. Creating and populating Quark files from text files then generating several different forms of EPS and/or PS files based on output requirements, delivering them to remote servers 15. Exchange data with AS/400 via FTP with Fetch and raw text processing (2000) 16. Mount/dismount server volumes 17. Before iTunes existed, I built my digital jukebox using SoundApp and FileMaker - controlled by AppleScript 18. Automate the retrieval of, response to and attachment processing of incoming emailed orders using Entourage (since 2006-ish) 19. Automate the construction of a monthly auto trader magazine using Quark 4 and GraphicConverter, a more free-flow layout (not just dropping images in static locations) with flush-bottom columns, thousands of vehicles in less than an hour, hands-off (2000-2005) 20. Remove the necessity for pre-press operators to use the Finder to create jobs in Quark (v3 - v4) which involves creating a folder structure based on an invoice number, opening the desired Quark template (from thousands), saving it in the new folder, and updating slug lines in the document 21. Automatically check for and copy/install various files and/or folders (pre- OS X) 22. Automate the conversion of Quark files to InDesign including update fonts 23. Automate the extraction of table data from Word and data from Excel, manipulate and save as tab-delimited text files. 24. And numerous other utility scripts to manipulate, machinate and export text 25. Automated file copiers/movers based on an input control text file - part of our imposition proofing system built on-the-fly because something else in the workflow changed and we had to adapt while maintaining productivity. Reply Argyl Dickson  2017-01-17 14:44 We produce hundreds of short video files ranging from as short as 5 or 10 seconds to 5 or 6 minutes. The project architecture we put these assets in requires a .jpg file for the opening video frame and the ending video frame otherwise there is a flash during the start or end. It would sometimes take an hour or more to open up each video file and save out a still frame from the front and end of the video. So I wrote a script that we can now drop hundreds of files on and generate start and end frame .jpg files with the proper name modification and what would normally take sometimes hours is literally done in less then a minute. This is just one example of how applescript has saved me and the clients I work for hundreds of man hours through automation. Reply Carlos Ysunza  2017-01-17 15:07 We are a Photography/Graphic Design studio based in Mexico City, we are just 4 people working with 8 Macs and a very important part of our business depends entirely on AppleScript. We make a cosmetic catalog each month for one of our client, which is an international enterprise and a very important part of the process is completely automated using AppleScript. For the second biggest client, we build a complex print system combining a big data base in FileMaker, Photoshop and Epson plotters all of it is controlled 100% with AppleScrip. Of course we us AS for other no so big but time consuming projects in our every day work. Without the use of AppleScripting automation on the Mac would be impossible to do all this jobs with so little personal; for us is vital technology. Reply David Popham  2017-01-17 18:43 I use AppleScript mainly to automate InDesign and Illustrator, and the big advantage it has over JavaScript is how multiple applications can be tied together in a single script. Data from an Excel spreadsheet can be cleaned up in BBEdit then used to create a graph in Illustrator which can be placed in an InDesign document. Among the things I've done: - created more than 200 country profile sheets containing 13 tables and 13 charts - created a font management system - saved a company that I worked for from having to pay thousands of hours of labor for simply clicking a mouse (opening InDesign files and turning on/off certain layers, checking in/out files in vjoon K4) - processed thousands of Illustrator files for press - reformatted thousands of Word labels for my sister-in-law's real estate business Reply Christian Boyce  2017-01-18 00:26 In my company we use AppleScripts in our own work every single day, and we often write scripts to help our customers with their various and unique problems. The time saved is enormous. A few examples: when we make appointments, my office manager clicks on the event in the calendar, then triggers a script (via DragThing) that creates emails that go to the customer and to me. The script also sends a text message to my phone. Each day, a script runs at 8:01 AM on my office manager's Mac, scanning the calendar for appointments the next business day. Emails are automatically sent to remind the customers of their appointments. The emails are all exactly as I want them-- never a mistake-- and they go out automatically. I wrote a script for a plastic surgeon. She has a form for new patients on her website. The results of the form are returned in an email. When those emails arrive, the receptionist clicks on them, then runs a script that reads the data and creates a new contact in Contacts. Reply Christian Boyce  2017-01-18 00:58 The script also creates a record in FileMaker, then prints a PDF for the doctor with all of the information presented in the layout she prefers. AppleScript ties apps together, giving a real 1 + 1 = 3 effect. Mail, Calendar, Contacts, FileMaker-- and many others-- can be part of a system held together with AppleScript. I write scripts for my customers who use InDesign and they save a ton of time with them. And, they get great results. For example, a picture on a page needs a caption below. I've written a script that get the width of the picture, then makes a text box the width of the picture and offset a standard amount vertically, then sets the style of the text in that text box to "caption style" (and creates the style if it is not present). It then groups the picture and the caption box, so they can be moved without messing up their relative positions. I'm not the best AppleScripter but I'm able to write scripts that I and my customers use to great advantage. Reply Christian Boyce  2017-01-18 00:59 I think of AppleScript as the Mac's "secret weapon." I love using it to make someone's life a little (or a lot) better. Reply James  2017-01-18 08:07 I use Applescript in our work environment for almost everything. From art preparation, to book creation, to ebook conversion, to file validation, to file distribution. Applescript drives our video management, MathML creation, and cover creation. The cost savings with Applescript are the sole reason my team's work has not been outsourced. The creation of chapter-level ebooks alone saves $1m a year in external costs, and is faster and more accurate than what a vendor can provide. Our Applescript driven page layout system has topped 1.2 million pages and keeps our costs well below industry rates. Simply put, without Applescript and the Apps which whole heartedly support it (like InDesign), my team's output would be a mere fraction of what it is while costing much more. Reply Olle Westbergh  2017-01-18 09:39 Oh no. We rely on Apple automation technologies a lot in our company workflows. If they are eliminated we would be forced to move from OS X to Linux or Windows… Reply Henry Domke  2017-01-18 13:57 AppleScript has been essential for automating some of the tedious parts of file preparation for my art business. The custom application created by Automated Workflows has saved me many hundreds of hours of work. Ray Robertson and Ben Waldie used AppleScript to create the application that keeps us running. It also has reduced errors. Please continue support for automation technologies! Yours truly, Henry Henry F Domke Henry Domke Fine Art Nature Art for Healthcare www.henrydomke.com Reply Larry McMunn  2017-01-18 17:08 In 1993 I bought a new product called AppleScript. I took a chance on it because it promised me — a graphic designer and artist — the ability to automate a lot of my page layout tasks without learning to program. Within two years, in 1995 I was able to partner with one of the largest mutual funds in the world to produce documents using this technology. Over the years, we added more and more financial companies to our client list producing quickly and efficiently tens of thousands of pages annually for these clients. 22 years later we are still using the core ideas and concepts developed back then. The success of our company would not have been possible without the power and flexibility of AppleScript. These documents get typeset and assembled automatically from many sources. Only the power of AppleScript will let us integrate this variety of data sources into a cohesive workflow. Some of these documents are developed from as many as 25-30 data sources. And these varied data sources come from text files, Word Docs, Excel workbooks, and a variety of databases from Filemaker to 4D to giant mainframe entities. Reply Eric Geoffroy  2017-01-19 11:53 It's the one ring that rules them all. With AppleScript I can control the Finder, web javascript, Python, bash. Many of my automated solutions use a diverse toolbox. Instead of a bunch of disconnected scripts, I am able to use AppleScript to push and pull data from these and other programming languages all controlled by a master script. Windows, Linux, and iOS do not have this. It's one of the few unique things Macs can do. Windows has copied everything else that used to make the Mac special. The time savings in automated solutions is huge. I've measured some of our old manual processes that take 2-6 hours and introduce human error. These same tasks have been reduced to 20 minutes. The ratio is 30:1 in some cases. I used to worry my company would make us use switch to PCs which would have destroyed our workflows. I fought against Microsoft Windows for years. Now I fear what Apple itself will do. Reply Rick Pepper  2017-01-19 11:54 Agreed - Apple is becoming their own worst enemy (and ours). Reply Ash  2017-01-19 17:57 A computer that can't be programmed by the end user isn't a computer, it's a toaster. I use Applescript all the time, to reorganize files, crop photos in batches, convert text files into spreadsheets and vice-versa, and to prepare text files for publication. I would hate to lose Applescript - it is the reason I love my Mac. Reply alldritt  2017-01-19 18:01 As the developer of Script Debugger (AppleScript editor/debugger), I have a mountain of automations for my business. I have build automations which compile Script Debugger, collect release notes from our bug tracker, manage software versioning and perform software uploads. As a one-man shop, I need these things to be done quickly and correctly. Back when I did this by hand, there were always errors. I have bug tracking automations that process crash reports and customer support emails in various ways. I have email marketing automations. The list goes on and on. Automation makes it possible for a tiny organization like mine to accomplish what it does. At a personal level, I have many automations for day-to-day life. For instance, my local library sends email confirmations when I borrow books, CDs and DVDs. I have an AppleScript to process these emails and create Reminders for when each item is due back to the library. Reply Hanaan Rosenthal  2017-01-20 17:26 When I was 21 my wife and I had $2500 in the bank. With not even a high-school education I quit my job delivering candy, bought a used Mac II for $2,435, and called myself a Mac Consultant. Within a few short years I was using AppleScript for automating workflows for NYT, Fidelity Investments, Reuters and other large clients. I was not merely improving workflows, I was creating products that could not exist without automation. For example, the financial page and weather charts in the daily NYT paper, which are still being generated daily using my AppleScripts to this very day. Reply Mark  2017-01-23 08:08 I'm not a developer, I work in feature film post production. Since our projects are highly sensitive, all video shared across departments has to be heavily watermarked & individually marked per the recipient. This can be done inside Media Composer, but its clunky, slow, relatively manual & ties up the editing system. I was able to learn & write an AppleScript application which takes Quicktime files & creates FFmpeg commands to convert them to our required formats along with multiple burnins - names, dates, timecode's, even cutting off frame handles using filename data. Many variables are automatically read from the source files. AppleScript then formats all this data for the FFmpeg filters. Drop Quicktime files, choose presets, press encode. The formatted FFmpeg 'jobs' are split into batches and sent to the Terminal for batch processing. All this happens in the background, film editing work continues. The time savings are enormous. Hours per day. AppleScript is indispensable for us. Reply Apta  2017-01-23 23:50 I use an AppleScript for the Mail app to automatically grab the raw source of spam messages and send an email reporting the spam to Spamcop. It's very tedious to do that manually and, when there is so much junk mail to report every day, I would give up if it weren't for AppleScript. Reply Ray Robertson  2017-01-24 10:12 Part I: Above, several of my clients and AppleScript Pro alumni have described very cool automated solutions. So I’m discussing Mac automation in general… Like many others, I got my first computer because I wanted to avoid dull, repetitive, manual tasks. Then I realized that although I was accomplishing more on a Mac at work I was still repeating many manual steps every day. The market demands that commercial software must appeal to tens of thousands of users in order to be successful. Consequently, no software does exactly what we need for our own work. To move beyond that, I started making shortcuts with macro utilities to drive the UI, but otherwise my only choice would have been to become a full-fledged programmer and write my own apps from scratch. Reply Ray Robertson  2017-01-24 10:12 Part II: Mac automation technologies like AppleScript and Automator provide a “middle way” solution which bridges that gap. I can customize existing applications to do exactly what I need to get done, without creating an entire program from the ground up. AppleScript’s English-like syntax and Automator’s puzzle-piece interface are often derided by traditional programmers. But it is a great solution for people working in deadline-driven production environments, where a user may only be able to focus on automation a few hours a month. In the publishing world, the automation potential is huge. Often a six-week process can be reduced to a couple of days. Companies really need these types of customized solutions, and Mac automation is often the only answer. App extensions must, again, appeal to thousands of users, and while saving some time they end up requiring users to go through the same manual steps every day. Reply Ray Robertson  2017-01-24 10:12 Part III: We must also remember that AppleScript in the hands of an experience script is a rapid development environment. One of my first clients had an IT staff of 40 people, with one group dedicated to text automation and another dedicated to images. Using a Windows platform, major new automation implementations would typically take six months, but not be able provide full automation. Enter AppleScript, where my development would typically take two weeks and be crucial to the workflow. And fixing last-minute problems where other technologies fell short? Typically a day or two. We need these automation technologies to continue because they remain a major advantage to the Mac platform, saving companies huge amounts of money every year, and making the lives of so many users much less tedious. ### Reply Anon  2017-01-24 10:28 I work as a developer on macOS for a large, multinational packaging design company. Amongst other things, I write AppleScripts to automate the laborious parts of the work. When I automate something, I estimate how much time we save per use, then log every use in a database. Its then relatively simple to calculate how much was saved by each app every year. Last year AppleScript based solutions saved us well over £100k. And that's quite puny compared to my old employers' stats. The fact that we can do this is what keeps up buying Macs. If we couldn't, then Windows would start looking like an attractive option to some. As it is, we can say, "Hey! Don't go to Windows or you'll lose £100k plus a year!". Pretty persuasive. I know AppleScript has some pretty big flaws. If you have to get rid of it then so be it, but only if its replaced by something better. Reply Hank Roberts  2017-01-24 16:20 I asked at NASA how to download the full earth imagery from DSCOVR http://epic.gsfc.nasa.gov/ and one of the scientists there sent me an Automator script I can run that goes to their archive and collects new pictures. I'd never used Automator before and am learning how. Reply To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. Apple’s elimination of the position of Product Manager of Automation Technologies a few months ago cast a pall over the future of automation at Apple. Adam explains what happened, his worry about Apple’s commitment to automation, and what you can do to express your concerns. Add a comment  Search   Cached. Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2017 Adam C. Engst TidBITS is copyright © 2017 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
Laptops Best Laptops Overall Under $500 For Gaming For Business For College Chromebooks CPU Guide Tablets Best Overall Best 2-in-1s Kids' Tablets Under $200 Samsung Tablets Longest Battery Life Buying Guide Windows 10 Win 10 Review How to Upgrade Should You Wait? versus El Capitan Test Results Ultrabooks Best Ultrabooks Best Laptops Overall Best College Laptops Laptop-Tablet Hybrids Buying Guide Deals Deal-Buying Do's and Don'ts Gaming Best Gaming Laptops Sub-$1,000 Gaming Laptops VR-Ready Laptops Gaming Accessories Gaming Laptop Guide Reviews Popular Searches: Laptops Under $1,000 Tablets Under $300 News Tips Follow Us: SEARCH Laptops Tablets Windows 10 Ultrabooks Deals Gaming Reviews News Tips Best Laptops Best Tablets Best Deals Best 2-in-1s College Laptops Gaming Laptops Dell XPS 13 2-in-1 Laptops By Brand Acer Apple ASUS Dell HP Lenovo MSI Samsung Toshiba Laptop Finder Why You Should Wait for the Next MacBook Pros By Henry T. Casey | January 17, 2017 07:49 am MORE Mac notebook users who demand the best from Apple may have been disappointed by the arguably outdated specs of the 2016 MacBook Pro. According to a new report, Apple will be silencing these complaints in 2017 by finally shipping notebooks with more-modern CPUs and higher memory capacities. Not only will Apple's Pro laptops finally get the 7th Generation Kaby Lake processors, but the 12-inch MacBook will also get those CPUs. This is according to notes released by noted Apple-watcher and KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, who has a strong track record when it comes to these predictions. MORE: Best Apple Laptops Kuo also mentioned a "15-inch MacBook" that could be a completely new version of the notebook. This laptop will come with a 32GB RAM option, and Kuo calls it the company's "most significantly redesigned product this year." This may speak to an almost entirely-new form factor, as rumors point to a massively new design for the 2017 iPhone 8. The 12-inch MacBook will also get a new RAM option, with 16GB available, as they're currently limited to 8GB. Customers looking for a more affordable option should keep their eyes on the 13-inch MacBook Pro without a Touch Bar. The notebook is supposed to get cheaper, according to Kuo, and fill the void left by the MacBook Air, which didn't get any updates last fall. We don't have any specifics about when these changes will happen to the MacBook line, as Kuo didn't offer any release dates. These are just rumors at this point, but they should give any prospective MacBook shopper pause before clicking Buy, especially if they don't need a new computer immediately. (Source: MacRumors) ✖ Apple Laptop Guide Essential Apps for Your New MacBook Which MacBook Should You Buy? Best MacBook Decals and Skins The Best Apple Laptops See How Apple Compares to Other Laptop Brands Apple Tech Support Rating and Report Card What's in Apple's Warranty Essential Apps for Your New MacBook Which MacBook Should You Buy? Best MacBook Decals and Skins The Best Apple Laptops See How Apple Compares to Other Laptop Brands Apple Tech Support Rating and Report Card What's in Apple's Warranty Next Article »» «« Previous Tip Next Tip »» Apple Laptop Guide Essential Apps for Your New MacBook Which MacBook Should You Buy? Best MacBook Decals and Skins More Tips Essential Apps for Your New MacBook Which MacBook Should You Buy? Best MacBook Decals and Skins The Best Apple Laptops See How Apple Compares to Other Laptop Brands Apple Tech Support Rating and Report Card What's in Apple's Warranty Author Bio Henry T. Casey, After graduating from Bard College a B.A. in Literature, Henry T. Casey worked in publishing and product development at Rizzoli and The Metropolitan Museum of Art, respectively. Henry joined Tom's Guide and LAPTOP having written for The Content Strategist, Tech Radar and Patek Philippe International Magazine. He divides his free time between going to live concerts, listening to too many podcasts, and mastering his cold brew coffee process. Content rules everything around him. Henry T. Casey, on Add a comment Email Firstname Name Comment 6 comments Joe Bean Says: January 18th, 2017 at 11:54 am The last Macbook Pro was actually arguably better than a lot of the alternative PCs. Now, competition have catched up so the reason to pay more isn't there anymore. One could say older Macbook pros were a better value, now it seems quite hard to justify, unless you factor in the fact you can avoid Windows 10, which I admit, could be worth a lot to some. Joe Bean Says: January 18th, 2017 at 11:51 am Apple got it wrong this time and it is not only the specs. The pricing is ridiculous. They replaced a fine laptop that is getting old by a laptop that offers less where it matters (mandatory idiotic touch bar on some lines, less battery life) for more money. That just doesn't work. What about going back to what works and not paying more for features you might not want? MacLover Says: January 18th, 2017 at 6:22 am Fearing by the time it's released, the specs will already be outdated (again)! What about a 15" with normal function keys. Robin Booth Says: January 17th, 2017 at 11:45 pm Please stop sending these laptop ads. Now!! Thank you Hemal Wijesundara Says: January 17th, 2017 at 8:53 pm Don't buy a Mac, buy a much much better laptop. Simple Maksi Says: January 17th, 2017 at 9:22 am All Macbook Pros I work with have 16 GB's installed, not 8 Back to top Find a Review All Categories Laptops Tablets Accessories All Subcategories Business Desktop Replacement Gaming Multimedia Student Brand ASUS Acer Alienware Aorus Apple CTL Corp. Cybertron PC Dell Digital Storm Getac Gigabyte HP Huawei Intel Kangaroo Kurio LG Electronics Lenovo MSI Microsoft Nextbook Origin Razer Samsung Toshiba Vaio Xotic PC Minimum Rating 1.5 Stars 2.0 Stars 2.5 Stars 3.0 Stars 3.5 Stars 4.0 Stars 4.5 Stars 5.0 Stars Screen Size 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 Resolution 1200X800 1280x800 1366x678 1366x768 1440x900 1600x900 1900x1080 1920x1080 1920x1200 2160 x 1440 2304 x 1440 2560 x 1440 2560 x 1600 2736 x 1824 2800x1800 2880 x 1620 3000 x 2000 3200 x 1800 3840 x 2160 Weight Range 2 pounds and under 2.1 - 4.0 pounds 4.1 - 6.0 pounds Include old or discontinued products. Ask a Question Publish Subscribe SUBMIT Follow Us MOST POPULAR 1 Best and Worst Laptop Brands - 2015 Ratings 2 How to Delete the Windows.old Folder in Windows 10 3 Edge vs. Chrome vs. Firefox: Battle of the Windows 10 Browsers 4 Dell XPS 13 (2015, Nontouch) - Full Review & Benchmarks 5 Windows 10 vs. OS X El Capitan: Why Microsoft Wins LATEST HEADLINES Google Announces Two New Touch Chromebooks for Education Asus Launches LTE Model of Premium ZenPad 3S 10 Tablet Toshiba Launches Kaby Lake-Based Portege X20W 2-in-1 The Best Laptop Deals of Today: 2-in-1s, Tablets, More Adobe's Creative Cloud Android Apps Coming to Chromebooks COMPANY Company Info About the Site Contact Us Advertise with Us Using Our Content Licensing & Reprints Copyright Policy Terms of Use and Sale Privacy Policy NETWORK Top Ten Reviews Tom's Guide Laptop Mag Tom's Hardware Business News Daily Tom's IT Pro Space.com Live Science Active Junky ShopSavvy Anand Tech FOLLOW US SUBSCRIBE TO LAPTOP SUBMIT Copyright © All Rights Reserved. Home About us SUBSCRIBE TO LAPTOP Copyright © All Rights Reserved.
Laptops Best Laptops Overall Under $500 For Gaming For Business For College Chromebooks CPU Guide Tablets Best Overall Best 2-in-1s Kids' Tablets Under $200 Samsung Tablets Longest Battery Life Buying Guide Windows 10 Win 10 Review How to Upgrade Should You Wait? versus El Capitan Test Results Ultrabooks Best Ultrabooks Best Laptops Overall Best College Laptops Laptop-Tablet Hybrids Buying Guide Deals Deal-Buying Do's and Don'ts Gaming Best Gaming Laptops Sub-$1,000 Gaming Laptops VR-Ready Laptops Gaming Accessories Gaming Laptop Guide Reviews Popular Searches: Laptops Under $1,000 Tablets Under $300 News Tips Follow Us: SEARCH Laptops Tablets Windows 10 Ultrabooks Deals Gaming Reviews News Tips Best Laptops Best Tablets Best Deals Best 2-in-1s College Laptops Gaming Laptops Dell XPS 13 2-in-1 Laptops By Brand Acer Apple ASUS Dell HP Lenovo MSI Samsung Toshiba Laptop Finder Next macOS Changes Display Settings to Boost Battery Life By Don Reisinger | January 17, 2017 03:17 pm MORE Your MacBook's battery life could improve significantly with the next version of macOS. According to Macrumors, when users tap on a new Display Brightness setting under the battery menu at the top of the screen, they'll be able to reduce the screen luminosity down to 75 percent. In addition, Macrumors says that when it updated a MacBook Pro to the new beta, the device's brightness level was automatically lowered to 75 percent, which happens to be the same setting Apple uses when it analyzes its computer's battery life. Soon after the MacBook Pro's release last year, the laptop was criticized by some who said that it couldn't quite deliver the 10 hours of battery life the company had promised. The endurance problem reached a tipping point when Consumer Reports declined to recommend the computer, saying battery life could swing wildly from less than five hours to nearly 20 hours on a single charge. MORE: Best Apple Laptops Apple has since worked with Consumer Reports to address the problem and says it was caused by a glitch. Consumer Reports re-ran its battery test and now lists the MacBook Pro with Touch Bar as a recommended computer after overcoming the battery problems. Still, Apple has heard complaints from users who have also questioned the MacBook Pro's battery life. In a move that caught the ire of some, Apple removed the "time remaining" option in December that would show approximately how much time the battery would last before it would need to be recharged. Apple has also included more details in the battery pane on which apps are most likely to be causing a drain on the device's charge. While those battery-draining apps are still listed in the battery pane, Apple still hasn't brought back the "time remaining" feature, according to Macrumors. The display is one of the biggest power drains on any laptop. By reducing brightness, the new version of macOS should help the MacBook Pro reach its battery-life goals.  For now, Apple's new battery feature is available in the 10.12.3 beta. It's expected to be pushed to computers in the coming days. Laptops with the Longest Battery Life Best 2-in-1s (Laptop/Tablet Hybrids) 10 Tablets with the Longest Battery Life Add a comment Email Firstname Name Comment Back to top Find a Review All Categories Laptops Tablets Accessories All Subcategories Business Desktop Replacement Gaming Multimedia Student Brand ASUS Acer Alienware Aorus Apple CTL Corp. Cybertron PC Dell Digital Storm Getac Gigabyte HP Huawei Intel Kangaroo Kurio LG Electronics Lenovo MSI Microsoft Nextbook Origin Razer Samsung Toshiba Vaio Xotic PC Minimum Rating 1.5 Stars 2.0 Stars 2.5 Stars 3.0 Stars 3.5 Stars 4.0 Stars 4.5 Stars 5.0 Stars Screen Size 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 Resolution 1200X800 1280x800 1366x678 1366x768 1440x900 1600x900 1900x1080 1920x1080 1920x1200 2160 x 1440 2304 x 1440 2560 x 1440 2560 x 1600 2736 x 1824 2800x1800 2880 x 1620 3000 x 2000 3200 x 1800 3840 x 2160 Weight Range 2 pounds and under 2.1 - 4.0 pounds 4.1 - 6.0 pounds Include old or discontinued products. Ask a Question Publish Subscribe SUBMIT Follow Us MOST POPULAR 1 Best and Worst Laptop Brands - 2015 Ratings 2 How to Delete the Windows.old Folder in Windows 10 3 Edge vs. Chrome vs. Firefox: Battle of the Windows 10 Browsers 4 Dell XPS 13 (2015, Nontouch) - Full Review & Benchmarks 5 Windows 10 vs. OS X El Capitan: Why Microsoft Wins LATEST HEADLINES Google Announces Two New Touch Chromebooks for Education Asus Launches LTE Model of Premium ZenPad 3S 10 Tablet Toshiba Launches Kaby Lake-Based Portege X20W 2-in-1 The Best Laptop Deals of Today: 2-in-1s, Tablets, More Adobe's Creative Cloud Android Apps Coming to Chromebooks COMPANY Company Info About the Site Contact Us Advertise with Us Using Our Content Licensing & Reprints Copyright Policy Terms of Use and Sale Privacy Policy NETWORK Top Ten Reviews Tom's Guide Laptop Mag Tom's Hardware Business News Daily Tom's IT Pro Space.com Live Science Active Junky ShopSavvy Anand Tech FOLLOW US SUBSCRIBE TO LAPTOP SUBMIT Copyright © All Rights Reserved. Home About us SUBSCRIBE TO LAPTOP Copyright © All Rights Reserved.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: CES Round-Up: What Investors Need to Know We chat with Daniel Kline, our "boots on the ground" correspondent at the Consumer Electronics Show to see what big tech trends were showcased last week in Las Vegas. Motley Fool Staff Jan 17, 2017 at 7:13PM In this episode of Industry Focus: Tech, Dylan Lewis talks with Daniel Kline about some of the biggest trends and most exciting innovations he's seen so far at CES 2017. Find out how the wave of smart home technology has swept its way toward the mainstream, why drones aren't likely to find a market application any time soon, a few things that investors need to be wary of any time they read about an industry trade show, and more. A full transcript follows the video. This podcast was recorded on Jan. 6, 2017. Dylan Lewis: Welcome to Industry Focus, the podcast that dives into a different sector of the stock market every day. It's Friday, Jan. 6, and we're getting a dispatch from our boots on the ground at CES. I'm your host, Dylan Lewis, and I'm joined on Skype by fool.com contributor Daniel Kline. Dan, how's it going over in Las Vegas? Daniel Kline: Oh boy, it's a little colder than expected, but it's pretty exciting out here. Lewis: This is kind of like your Christmas, right? You're Mr. Gadget for fool.com. Kline: (laughs) Here's the thing: It's my Christmas if right at the end of Christmas, everything you get gets taken away. (laughs) You know? You get to see a lot of really cool stuff, but you don't get to take it home. Lewis: Yeah. It's a lot of demos and trials at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas. For folks that might not be as familiar with your work, Dan, I would say that when it comes to trying stuff out and reviewing it, or just buying it for the sake of having a sense of what this consumer technology might be like, you're kind of the king for The Fool. Kline: I was going to say, in terms of being a dummy who owns 17 smartwatches and an Apple Newton, that's me. Lewis: But this is right up your alley. I was really excited that you were going to be traveling there, and we could have you on the ground, so we could get a little report on what you've seen so far. The conference started yesterday, right? Kline: It started for me yesterday. There was a press day before that, but I was stuck in travel problems. It's the second-biggest show of the year here in Las Vegas, so getting here is a challenge. Flights get backed up, and there was some weather, so that was interesting. But what I found most shocking -- I wasn't here last year, but I was here two years ago, and if you replace 3D television with 4K television, I'm seeing a lot of the same things. There's booths full of drones, there's a lot of A.I., there's a lot of home automation. I'd say the home automation is a little bit more practical, because a lot of it is tied to the Amazon Echo, or other devices like that, which actually have some penetration. But, if you changed those TVs out and told me it was two years ago and I had fallen into a time warp, that's kind of what it's like here. Lewis: So, your point is, year to year, there hasn't been a big difference? And, actually, you weren't there last year, so you're talking two years ago. Kline: I was not there last year, so it was two years ago. And two years ago, you walked out and everybody was trying their different smart devices. And I think yesterday, I saw a smart toothbrush that performs the same functions as that little tablet they gave you in sixth grade that turns the plaque red. I saw a smart pillow, a smart mirror, a smart shirt, I'm not even sure what the shirt did. But, there's just an awful lot of stuff here that's just mild variants on things that already do work. I'm not seeing, for example, any major evolution in smartphones. I'm not seeing laptops that look different. At least, two years ago, you got those portable stick laptops, the computers, they felt like they were going to become a thing but it never really did. I'm not seeing anything like that. The innovations are incremental. Charging -- there's some very interesting quick-charge products. There are a lot of device holders that are sort of revolutionary, like, if you want to wear your smartphone on a ring. There really isn't any category that I look at and say, "Oh, wow, that's going to change how we make coffee," or "That's going to change how I get to work," or anything like that. It's all very incremental. Lewis: So, if we're not seeing new categories coming out, why don't we talk a little bit about the categories that did exist a couple years ago, and maybe what the next phases of those types of devices look like. I know that you've already written a little bit about the smart home market in some of your CES coverage, which is available on fool.com. The Consumer Technology Association, which is the trade group that puts on CES, released a report saying that smart homes would be the most popular means of Internet of Things engagement. They're also predicting 29 million units of sales in 2017, which would be over 60% increase year over year. Can you talk a little bit about what you're seeing in respect to that market? Kline: Yeah, I mentioned this a few seconds ago, I'm seeing a lot of things that tie into Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) Echo, Microsoft's Cortana, even Apple's iPhone -- technologies you already have and already understand. Two years ago, everybody had a platform. They were trying to get into your living room, they were trying to control things. Now, it's much more, "OK, we know what the platforms are, we know that about 20% of Americans have iPhones, and the Echo has been a huge seller." So, it's really tying in useful things to that. My mom isn't going to buy a stand-alone light bulb or a thermostat device that she then has to get an app for. But if she can plug in a light bulb and tell her Amazon Echo, "Echo, turn the light on," she might do that. We're starting to see practical implications of the sci-fi reality of walking into your house and saying, "Kitchen, make me a bagel." Lewis: And it seems like this is really, largely, in response to consumer demand for this type of technology, right? This is something that, broadly, mainstream consumer seem to be clamoring for. Kline: I think it was sort of a sneaky backdoor by Amazon. When the Echo came out, it was really pushed as a music player. And it's a lovely music player. You can walk into your living room and say, "Play Bruce Springsteen," and it'll play whatever you like. And then they slowly -- and we have a Fool skill on there, you can listen to the podcast by asking for it -- and that became very useful. So, it's not a huge leap when you're already using that. If you're already using Siri to give you directions, it's not crazy to ask a Siri-enabled device, whether that be a phone or Apple TV or whatever it is, to give you a recipe, and eventually to tie into, maybe, monitoring the temperature of your house. It's gone from something your cool geeky friend would have to, "Oh, OK, I already understand this, and now we can go to Target and buy this device, and that will integrate this way." And you're seeing a lot of that. Now, there's plenty of stuff that will never make it to the home. I think there's a level of monitoring -- I saw a multiple smart home beds. I buy you might try the Sleep Number bed, where you can adjust it yourself. I'm not sure you need data analytics on how many times you flip over during the night. Lewis: Yeah, that's a little invasive for the bedroom, I think. Kline: It's just, people are trying to give you data you're not looking for. Now, for some person -- if you're not sleeping, that might be very useful. But it becomes a niche. And the real winners are going to be people that provide everyday usefulness. The first time you could put coffee beans in a Mr. Coffee and program it so when you woke up, something was there, that you didn't have to do that in the morning, that was a practical innovation. And you're really starting to see that with home automation now. Lewis: OK. We talked about home automation. One of the other categories you mentioned was VR and AR. This seems to be one of the segments that might enjoy the most year-over-year growth. I know that CTA expects sales of 2.5 million units, or 80%, basically, year over year. What are you seeing with that segment there? Kline: It's all Samsung. I actually had dinner last night with Jack McCauley, one of the gentleman who created Oculus. Samsung licenses the Oculus technology. He admitted that the devices are awkward to wear, and right now, it's really a gaming niche. You're seeing some really interesting gaming technology. What you're not seeing is how it breaks out beyond that. Microsoft isn't here, at least not officially. You might see HoloLens or some product like that have a real commercial application. You saw a little bit of it with Google Glass, where a doctor could be using it in the operating room to get outside advice. You're seeing a lot of high-end plays like that. But you and I, even me as a gadget guy, I'm not spending $799, $999, whatever it is, to buy a high-end device. But you're going to see a lot more penetration in the $99 to $199 market, whether that be with the Samsung product, or with Sony products. And I assume, eventually, we'll get some version of that for Xbox. And the gaming technology is incredible. Where you're seeing a lot of advancement is in how your head moves to get rid of some of that motion sickness that's associated with it. The technology is just leaps and bounds better than what it was even a couple of years ago. Lewis: I think one of the ways that you can look at the VR market, particularly with gaming, is the rigs that are dependent on a computer, and are generally much costlier, and the headsets that you can run with your smartphone, and just put your smartphone in. It sounds like some of the more smartphone-oriented ones have a clearer path to market, and maybe more mainstream appeal. Is that what you're seeing? Kline: Yeah, that's going to be the short-term growth. But I think you might see some of the higher-end devices -- you know how now, you can go to your local movie theater, and they're showing an opera, or a sold-out UFC fight, or that type of experience, you might pay $25 or $30 for it? It's not crazy to think that someday, you're going to go down to your local Dave & Buster's or a movie theater or whatever it is, put on a headset, and watch the Superbowl from the 50-yard line, or a NASCARrace, or a concert, or whatever it is. There might be some commercial applications that are frivolous like that that justify a store or a business spending a couple grand for a setup in a way to get a monetary return that isn't just a novelty. Lewis: I have to ask this because it's a topic that people love to hear about: What's going on with drones at CES? Kline: They're everywhere, and I have not seen any sort of viable application for them. There are some very cool variations of the drones you see at Brookstone, the Star Wars-like drones. There's a lot of cool kid game applications. There's a lot of hobbyist, high-end, $600 to $700, you play with it in your backyard, you spy on your neighbors, whatever creepy thing you're doing with it. There are dozens of people showing drones, and nobody explaining why I'm going to buy it and what I'm going to do with it, other than some very silly things. There are, obviously, commercial applications of drones. Wal-Mart is using them to do inventory in its warehouses. You're not seeing a lot of that there. The drones are almost exactly what you saw two years ago, except maybe they're a little bit easier to pilot. The technology is very cool, but I don't know, do you need a drone? What would you do with it? Lewis: Yeah, I don't personally have any use for them. Actually, I don't think, as a resident in the District of Columbia, I can have a drone. I'm pretty sure they don't allow that, at least near the capital. (laughs) So I certainly don't have a use case for one. It has seemed for a long time like the more upscale camera-shoot type drones, if you're trying to get big landscape shots or stuff like that, maybe farmers using them for agricultural purposes, obviously Amazon has delivery intentions with drones, it's going to be a lot more targeted enterprise stuff than mainstream consumer tech, at least in my eyes. Kline: See, I know Amazon is putting a lot of effort into them. I've seen the videos. I think there's limited applications for that. If you're Amazon, it might make sense to use a drone to deliver to someplace you're never going to send a truck. But I don't picture a sky full of drones delivering me a bag of gummy bears and you a book. It does not seem like the most practical way to do it. And that goes to something else I've seen a lot of here: robots. There are, I'll call them "fake robots," because this isn't a robot with a personality where you're going to have to tell it what to do. It's really an iPad strapped to a robot that has a little bit of A.I. programming, so it smiles when you say "hello." And they're everywhere. They look like people, they look like the end scene in Battlestar Galactica, where you start to see robots taking over the world. But, again, like the drones, they do some interesting A.I. stuff, but they don't really have any more technology than the robots from the 1980s that were really just R.C. cars that you could use to bring your friend a drink. Lewis: Now, the companies that are behind those types of robots, are there any big players in that? Or are these mostly small start-ups? Kline: They're small start-ups, and "look at me!" from some of the big players. I'm not going to say directly who, because I don't remember. You do see robots at some of the larger, higher-end booths, but I think it's more to flag down your attention. It's not the product they're going to bring to market. Just like there's some concept cars here, there's a lot of driverless technology, a lot of really interesting driver-assisted technology, but they're really just to get headlines. They're years away. You might see aspects of them, but I don't think there's any viable player in the U.S. who thinks that tomorrow, in your house, you're going to have a robot butler who's powered by an iPad. It just doesn't seem practical quite yet. Lewis: Yeah, trade shows, particularly CES, are full of more gimmicky, less useful, or less recognizably mainstream-application-type technology being shown off. What were some of the very cool things that you've seen? Kline: Well, after spending a day walking around, the booths full of massage chairs looked pretty inviting. Lewis: (laughs) I bet. Kline: But, really, the coolest stuff I'm seeing are things I could imagine actually having. There are some, call them hover-sled-like transportation devices that build off the Segway model, that you could see, maybe, eventually being a practical urban way of getting around. You're also seeing a lot of really cool home automation stuff that I don't think is going to be mainstream, but for some of us who are very tech-oriented, it's more practical in the next year or two for me to really make everything in my house work on a voice command. I can see some ways to do that. I've also seen some very cool wearables, where whether it's interacting with a video game or controlling a drone or a robot, there's some very cool gloves and other devices that seem like fun. Whether any of these are actually going to make it to market or not, that's very hard to know. Lewis: Yeah, I think that's one of the most important things that you have to keep in mind when you see buzz from CES or South by Southwest, or really any tech trade show. You have people trying to make a splash and trying to get headlines and get a lot of press. That leads to, in some ways, needless innovation, or innovation without a marketplace, necessarily. I remember at South by Southwest in Austin last year, one of the coolest things I saw, bar none, was a VR headset rig that used an Oculus headset, but then also had this fighter jet-type pod. So, you put on the headset, you got in the pod, and the headset reacted to the movements of the pod itself. So, you could be flying upside down, doing tumbling 360s, whatever, and that's what you were experiencing in the headset. It was fully immersive. I was talking to the guys who developed it afterwards, and I said, "What's the application here? How are you guys going to bring this to market? This seems like this probably cost $500,000 or $1 million to develop, so I can only imagine it's going to be extremely expensive to buy as a consumer." And they said, "You know, we're not really sure yet. We're in the business of making cool stuff and then figuring it out later." Kline: That's the theme of the day here. I walk around the show and I picture myself walking with the Shark Tank people and just dismissing 80% of these as "cool, but a bad idea." There's so much innovation that doesn't solve the problem. I don't need my smart shirt to tell me I'm sweating because it's hot. There's so much of that. When you look at technology, what technology do people buy? If it's truly transformative, you might buy something you never thought you needed. But for the most part, if it doesn't solve a problem for you, you're not going to spend money on it. A smart mirror that tells you your lipstick is smudged -- which is pretty much something you can see in a regular old dumb mirror -- isn't going to break through, no matter how cool it is. And the price tag on all this stuff ... It's one thing if Apple says, "We're going to give you something you don't need, but we can make a billion of them and price it accordingly." When it's one of these small booth companies that has some sort of innovative tracking system for, I don't know, a smart plate, so you can keep track of what you're eating and lose weight, that sounds very cool, but it's never going to become a mainstream product. Lewis: Yeah. I think, as an investor, you need to take whatever excitement you have -- whatever the tech side of you is that gets really excited about what you're seeing at some of these trade shows -- and always bring it back around to, what does addressable market realistically look like for some of these businesses? To bring it to companies that are publicly traded and very popular now, you look at GoPro or Fitbit. These are businesses that, maybe the market thought the addressable market was a lot larger than it actually is, and they've hit saturation a little bit quicker. And these are wildly popular consumer devices. So, to scale that back down, some of these extremely niche products, especially the smart solutions like the mirrors and plates you're talking about, it's tough to see really getting mainstream appeal. Kline: Yeah. The interesting thing is, two years ago, maybe longer than that, I would have looked at the robot vacuum, which now you can find in the $300 range, maybe even less on sale -- but, when those were $500 or $600, I looked at it and went, "OK, that's kind of cool, but nobody is going to spend this kind of money." And I was wrong. That has become a breakout category. And it's pushed the prices down, it's expanded the market. I don't know if it'll ever be something that everyone has. It's not correct for every home. But, that was an example of something that seemed a little bit ridiculous that broke through the market. And I'm sure there's products like that here, but I haven't seen anything -- even as a real tech guy -- that I thought, "Oh my God, sell me one of those, I don't care what the price is." Lewis: Yeah. So, Dan, we're coming to the close of the show here. Before I let you go: What can people expect for future coverage from you for the next couple days? Anything to look forward to, anything you're really excited about, anything like that? Kline: I'm going to spend today looking at things that may actually impact you. I'm going to go over and look at the new product that Dish introduced, where you can integrate over-the-air television with some of your streaming services, making all of that one box. I'm going to try to focus on things like, this is a practical battery charger that I might buy that's already on the market. I'm going to get away from the fanciful, and look at, these are the five things at CES that you could buy at the store next week that you might actually buy. Lewis: Well, we'll be looking forward to reading it. Listeners, if you want to check out any of Dan Kline's coverage, you can find it on his author page on fool.com. We also have Supernova team lead David Kretzmann at CES. You can find all of his content at ces.fool.com. Thanks for joining us on today's show, Dan! Kline: Thank you! Lewis: Listeners, that does it for this episode of Industry Focus. If you have any questions, or just want to reach out and say hey, shoot us an email at industryfocus@fool.com. You can always tweet us @MFIndustryFocus, as well. If you like the show and are looking for more of our stuff, subscribe on iTunes, or you can check out The Fool's family of shows at fool.com/podcasts. As always, people on the program may own companies discussed on the show, and The Motley Fool may have formal recommendations for or against stocks mentioned, so don't buy or sell anything based solely on what you hear. For Dan Kline, I'm Dylan Lewis, thanks for listening and Fool on! Teresa Kersten is an employee of LinkedIn and is a member of The Motley Fool's Board of Directors. LinkedIn is owned by Microsoft. Daniel Kline owns shares of Apple and Microsoft. Dylan Lewis owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon.com, Apple, Fitbit, and GoPro. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple, short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple, short January 2019 $12 calls on GoPro, and long January 2019 $12 puts on GoPro. The Motley Fool recommends Dave and Buster's Entertainment. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Article Info Jan 17, 2017 at 7:13PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Amazon.com NASDAQ:AMZN $822.26 up $4.38 (0.54%) Read More 3 High-Yield Internet of Things Stocks to Buy in 2017 Why 2017 Will Be the Year of the Virtual Assistant 3 Concerns for Square Inc Investors in 2017 What Investors Should Expect When Intel Corp. Reports Fourth-Quarter Earnings Welcome Back, Apple TV Speculation Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current CES Round-Up: What Investors Need to Know @themotleyfool #stocks $AMZN
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jan 24, 4:02 PM CST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Apple Rolls Out New Version Of OS X El Capitan Security Update For Freezing Problem By Corazon Victorino On 01/17/17 AT 10:40 PM Close Apple finally has an answer to the freezing problem of Mac devices running OS X El Capitan. The Cupertino giant is currently rolling out the supplemental security update that will fix the kernel issue and restore the seamless user experience of MacBooks and Mac devices once again.  On Tuesday, Apple issued the new security update for OS X 10.11.6 via the Mac App Store and other Apple support pages. The supplemental software update is clocking in at 623.9 megabytes, and it is free to download, as per AppleInsider.  The supplemental security update is available for Mac devices that are running OS X 10.11.6 El Capitan with Security Update 2016-003 installed. The aforesaid security update, which weighed in at 717 megabytes, was launched last month alongside macOS Sierra 10.12.2.  Related Stories Apple Denies iPhone 6 Battery Replacement Program Reports You Now Have A Green Light From Consumer Reports To Buy New MacBook Pro Apple Rolls Out macOS Sierra 10.12.3 Beta 3 The new security update is just a re-release of the 2016-003 version. Thus, users who didn’t install the security update last Dec. 13 will automatically receive the improved version for their machines. On the other hand, devices with the 2016-003 update installed will simply get the supplemental update that has the cure for the freezing problem, according to MacRumors.  “The OS X El Capitan Security Update 2016-003 Supplemental Update fixes a kernel issue that may cause your Mac to occasionally become responsive,” the note that came with the update read.  To download the update, one should visit the Mac App Store and tap the Software Update to launch the mechanism that would automatically retrieve the file and install it. Direct download links are also provided for users through the Standard Update support page and the Supplemental Update support page.  It isn’t clear if the new security update also comes with other features or bug fixes. Apple is providing the detailed release notes soon.  Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business How Many Cars Are Made In America? The simple, straightforward question has a convoluted answer. Technology Why The NFL Uses The Microsoft Surface Pro During Games Microsoft Surface Pro tablets have received criticism from Bill Belichick and other prominent members of the NFL. However, they have continuously improved efficiency and increased the options for in game adjustments. World French Mosque To Remain Closed Over 'Jihad' Fears A French court ruled the Al Rawda mosque stay closed until the end July, when the country’s state of emergency ends. National Is The Tech World Woman-Friendly? Yes And No, Study Finds Tech companies have an image problem with women. But when it comes to some employee policies, they are top places for women to work. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jan 24, 4:37 PM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology No iPhone 6 Battery Exchange Program, Apple Says Amid Rumors Of Replacing Faulty Battery By Corazon Victorino On 01/17/17 AT 9:51 PM Close Apple has broken its silence amid reports claiming that it is launching a program that would provide replacements for iPhone 6 batteries. Unfortunately for iPhone 6 owners, the Cupertino giant has denied the veracity of such reports.  An Apple corporate insider told AppleInsider on Tuesday that the company does not have plans of launching a battery exchange program for the iPhone 7’s predecessor. “We constantly evaluate service statistics. There are no plans or grounds for a wide iPhone 6 battery exchange program at this time,” the insider said.  The insider’s statement is a clear response to reports claiming the Cupertino tech company is going to provide battery replacements for iPhone 6 devices. The reports originated from Macotakara’s story about a battery replacement program that was allegedly in the works. Despite not providing solid evidence on the existence of the program, other news sites reiterated the same assumption right away, giving falls hopes to iPhone 6 owners.  Related Stories FTC: Qualcomm Made Apple Use Its Products Apple App Store Prices On The Rise In Britain Following Brexit You Now Have A Green Light From Consumer Reports To Buy New MacBook Pro AppleInsider took the time to ask local Apple retail stores and all of them said that they have know idea about this reported program. In addition, no data from Apple could corroborate the story and provide a basis for the existence of a battery exchange program for the iPhone 6.  The speculation that Apple is providing battery replacements came amid complaints from users that their handset would randomly shut down. The problem surfaced last year, and Apple has claimed that this only affects a small number of iPhone 6 units that were manufactured from September through October 2015, as per Cult of Mac. The company did give out replacements to some customers, but there are still others out there complaining of the same issue.  Apple previously rolled out an iOS update in hopes of relieving the problem with the iPhone 6 devices. The update came with diagnostic features to identify the root cause of the battery-related issue.  Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business How Many Cars Are Made In America? The simple, straightforward question has a convoluted answer. Technology Trump Signs DAPL Executive Order: This Is How The Dakota Pipeline Will Affect The Environment Trump signed an executive order Tuesday to advance the construction of the Keystone XL and Dakota Access Oil pipelines (DAPL). Here's how DAPL will affect the environment. World Prince Charles Criticized For Climate Change Activism Prince Charles, who has a strong chance of becoming King, has co-authored a new book on climate change. National Melania Trump Speaks A Lot More Than English The first lady knows six languages. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Home Budget 2017MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMF TechJobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWSpeedET Portfolio Markets Stocks IPOs/FPOs Market Stats Market Moguls Expert View Technicals Technical ChartVisualizeScreener Commodities ViewsNews Precious MetalsGold Petal DelhiGold PetalSilver MicroGold MGoldSilver MSilverGold GuineaSilver 1000OthersMentha Oil Oil & EnergyCrude Oil MiniBrent Crude OilNatural GasCrude OilOil Seeds & OilsCrude Palm OilCastor SeedSpicesCardamomPlantationKapasCotton Base MetalsLead MiniNickel MiniLeadAluminium MiniAluminiumNickelCopper MiniCopperZinc MiniZinc Forex Mobile Apps ET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone App More BondsStock GameChartMantra Technicals Trading GameWebinarsSitemapDefinitions NewsLive BlogTrendsRecosEarningsETMarkets PodcastMarket PaathshalaAnnouncementsPolicyMarket CalendarStock Price Quotes ET Home›Markets›Stocks›News 04:05 PM | 24 Janmarket stats SENSEX 27,376258.24 NIFTY 50 8,47684.30 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,722-81.00 USD/INR 68.14-0.07 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Sensex rallies 258 pts; Nifty50 tops 8,470; Bajaj Auto top gainer Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW need2know: Five market-moving macro triggers to watch today By Nandini Sanyal, ETMarkets.com | Updated: Jan 18, 2017, 09.49 AM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » united nations | Rupee | reserve bank of india | markets | Market | make in India | liquidity Budget 2017: Can Arun Jaitley make you & economy happy? Click for our special Budget 2017 coverage The United Nations World Economic Situation and Prospects (WESP) 2017 report launched yesterday said India's economy is projected to grow by 7.7% in fiscal year 2017 and 7.6% in 2018, benefiting from strong private consumption. It, however, cautioned that low capacity utilisation and stressed balance sheets of banks and businesses will prevent a strong investment revival in the short term. Here's a look at five macro triggers that are likely to move the market today Circular worrying FPIs put on hold: The government put on hold a controversial circular on the taxation of indirect transfers of Indian assets and may amend the income tax law to provide stability and clarity to foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) as it looks to rekindle interest in the country as an investment destination. FPIs became concerned about being landed with tax bills from transactions in previous years following a clarification issued by the Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) in December. Its statement on Tuesday sought to set those fears at rest, at least for now. India among top six promising markets: India features among top six for global executives when it comes to overall growth prospects over the next 12 months, but enthusiasm for investing in the country has dropped from three years ago, finds out a survey.According to the annual global CEO survey of consultancy giant PwC, released here at the WEF annual meeting, the top two markets from the growth point of view are the US, as voted by 43% of respondents, followed by China (33%). Others in the pecking order are Germany (17%), UK (15%), Japan (8%) and India (7%). Govt to review mobile manufacturing policy: The government won't offer any special concessions to Apple but is reviewing its entire policy on mobile phone manufacturing as part of an effort to promote the 'Make in India' initiative, officials said. This could meet some of the demands that Apple has made apart from benefitting other phone makers as well. Apple had sought the concessions to set up plants in the country. The issue will be examined in depth at a high-level meeting with Apple executives next week. On Apple's wish list is said to be a 15-year customs duty holiday on the import of iPhone kits, new and used capital equipment, and consumables. Apple's requests are being considered by three government departments — revenue, industry and information technology. Bid to end the fear of jail time under GST regime : India is proposing to dilute the provisions of arrest under the proposed goods and services tax (GST) to ensure there is no ‘raid raj’ under the new tax regime. Offences dealing with non-payment of tax or forgery of up to Rs 2 crore would be made bailable. “This issue has been discussed…The plan now is to make offence of tax evasion or forgery of up to Rs 2 crore bailable,” said a senior government official privy to the deliberations of the GST Council, the apex decision-making body for the upcoming tax regime. Government mulls easing FDI norm for single brand retail: The government is considering allowing 100% FDI through automatic route in single brand retail to attract a larger number of global players in the sector. According to sources, there is a proposal to allow 100% Foreign Direct Investment in single brand retail sector "through automatic route" with certain conditions. Currently, FDI up to 49% is permitted under the automatic route but beyond that limit, government's nod is required. ...and in financial markets yesterday Rupee up: The Indian rupee on Tuesday closed at two week high against the US dollar, tracking gains in the Asian currencies markets. This was the second consecutive sessions when the rupee gained. Bonds up: Government bonds (G-Secs) surged following sustained demand from corporates and banks. The 6.97% 10-year benchmark bond maturing in 2026 gained to Rs 103.9025 from Rs 103.75, while its yield declined to 6.42% from 6.44%. The 7.59% G-Secs maturing in 2026 climbed to Rs 106.92 from Rs 106.76, while its yield eased to 6.56% from 6.58%. The 7.61% G-Secs maturing in 2030 advanced to Rs 107.6650 from Rs 107.55, while its yield inched down to 6.73% from 6.74%. The 7.68% G-Secs maturing in 2023, the 8.27% G-Secs maturing in 2020 and the 6.79% G-Secs maturing in 2029 were also quoted higher to Rs 106.15, Rs 105.7075 and Rs 101.90 respectively. Call rates down: The overnight call money rates finished lower to 5.80% from Monday's level 6.05%. It opened at 6.10% and moving in a range of 6.20% and 5.75%. Liquidity: The Reserve Bank of India, under the Liquidity Adjustment Facility, purchased securities worth Rs 1401 crore in 3-bids at the overnight repo auction at a fixed rate of 6.25% Monday morning, while it sold securities worth Rs 3893 crore in 26-bids at the overnight reverse repo auction at a fixed rate of 5.75% as on January 16. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on TwitterFollow FROM AROUND THE WEB Toyota - Less browsing, more dancing Toyota 10 people most affected by Modi's anti-black money crackdown CRITICSUNION Own monthly rent generating property for as little as ₹5L Property Share MORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Air Force One - Perks of being the US President Donald Trump 'needs to learn how to cry' from Barack Obama Capex on rail infrastructure see sharp jump over 28% READ MORE ON » united nations | Rupee | reserve bank of india | markets | Market | make in India | liquidity To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Indian IT is ageing, investors should cut expectations from them: Aswath Damodaran Rana Kapoor’s Budget: Increase direct tax incentives, enable lower cost of funds Biggest lesson from 2016 is not to listen to experts: Aswath Damodaran Hit by Jio, Bharti Airtel misses Street estimates; posts 55% fall in Q3 net profit BSE IPO sails through on Day 2, retail quota oversubscribed by 1.80 times More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebUnion Budget|Income Tax calculator Income Tax Slabs|Budget 2017 UP & Punjab Assembly Elections 2017|BUDGET 2017-What's Cheaper & Expensive Sensex, Nifty Live Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC News News navigation Sections Find local news Home UK World Business selected Politics Tech Science Health Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability Business selected Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Business Business Qualcomm sued in US over claims of unfair phone chip patent deals 18 January 2017 From the section Business Share Share this with Email Share this with Email Facebook Share this with Facebook Messenger Share this with Messenger Messenger Share this with Messenger Twitter Share this with Twitter Pinterest Share this with Pinterest WhatsApp Share this with WhatsApp LinkedIn Share this with LinkedIn Copy this link http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-38659735 Read more about sharing. Close share panel Image copyright Getty Images Qualcomm, the world's biggest producer of mobile phone chips, forced Apple to exclusively use its products in return for lower fees, US regulators claim. Details of the alleged deal were listed by the competition watchdog, the Federal Trade Commission, as part of a lawsuit against the chipmaker. The Apple deal is just one case where Qualcomm is accused of abusing its dominant market position. The company has denied the allegations saying the case was "flawed". The commission is suing Qualcomm for unfair practices in the way it licenses its technology - especially the processors used in cell phones and other devices. The San Diego-based firm collects royalties on its chip technology, which has been driving the company's profits. 'Exclusivity' The commission said in a statement that Qualcomm had "used its dominant position as a supplier of certain baseband processors to impose onerous and anticompetitive supply and licensing terms on cell phone manufacturers and to weaken competitors". A baseband processor is a chip in a smartphone or tablet that handles the cellular transmission. According to the commission, the patents that Qualcomm was seeking from customers were widely used, and should have been licensed on fair, reasonable and non-discriminatory terms. Referring to the Apple case - which relates to the chips used in iPhones and iPads between 2011 and 2016 - the lawsuit said: "Qualcomm recognized that any competitor that won Apple's business would become stronger, and used exclusivity to prevent Apple from working with and improving the effectiveness of Qualcomm's competitors." 'Wrong' Qualcomm said the portrayal of facts by the commission "as the basis for the agency's case is significantly flawed". It added it had "never withheld or threatened to withhold chip supply in order to obtain agreement to unfair or unreasonable licensing terms. The FTC's allegation to the contrary - the central thesis of the complaint - is wrong." Qualcomm shares closed 4% lower in US trade overnight. The chipmaker has faced a series of antitrust rulings and investigations from other countries. In 2015, Qualcomm paid a $975m (£809m) penalty in China following a 14-month long antitrust investigation. The company also had to lower royalty rates on patents used in China's mobile phone market. Share this story About sharing Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp LinkedIn More on this story Qualcomm pays $7.5m to settle China bribery allegations 2 March 2016 Qualcomm to pay record $975m in China antitrust case 10 February 2015 Related Internet links Qualcomm US Federal Trade Commission The BBC is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites Top Stories Government loses Brexit appeal A bill will be introduced "within days" after the Supreme Court rules Parliament must give the go-ahead for Brexit. 24 January 2017 La La Land leads Oscar nominations 24 January 2017 Trump backs controversial oil pipelines 24 January 2017 Features Taken Frantic search for a toddler snatched by teens from Primark - the inside story Stuntman shot dead How did a music video end in tragedy? In pictures The Pole working in a UK hospital 'Loved and loathed' Bye, bye, Bernie. F1's revolutionary, roguish leader Raining inside Would you stay in a leaky hotel? Rebel with a cause France's Hamon rouses left with radical income plan 'Help me find my family' How a young Swiss man's appeal went viral Sun-powered satellite TV How solar is connecting off-grid homes to the world News navigation Business Sections Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Home UK UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland Alba Wales Cymru World World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada Business selected Business Home Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Politics Politics Home Parliaments Brexit NI Election 2017 Tech Science Health Education Education Home School Report Global Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability BBC News Services On your mobile On your connected tv Get news alerts Contact BBC News Explore the BBC News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
Trending: Which mobile data provider is best? Fix Windows 10 with free Microsoft tools Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Want to run your own Amazon 'region'? Stratoscale shows you how Face-to-face without frustration: The HP Elite Slice for Meeting Rooms The essential guide to anti-malware tools The state of the IT contractor job market in 2017 More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Mobile & Wireless Smartphones News FTC hits Qualcomm for anticompetitive chip tactics The company dictated licensing terms by threatening phone makers' access to chips, the agency says By Stephen Lawson | Follow Senior U.S. Correspondent, IDG News Service | Jan 17, 2017 5:02 PM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Stephen Lawson More like this Apple sues Qualcomm over patent licensing and $1B in payments South Korea slaps Qualcomm with $853M fine Nokia and Apple trade accusations in patent lawsuits Video Video review: Apple's new AirPods Qualcomm strong-armed some phone makers into accepting unfavorable technology licensing terms while giving Apple a break in exchange for exclusivity, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission has charged. The company used its dominance in baseband processors, which manage cellular communication in mobile devices, to force vendors to pay elevated royalties for Qualcomm technologies, the FTC charged in a complaint filed Tuesday in federal court. At the same time, Qualcomm gave Apple favorable terms so it could supply the baseband chips for all iPhones from 2011 to 2016, according to the FTC. Among other things, in 2007 it got Apple to agree not to use WiMax, the original 4G system used on Sprint’s network, in any iPhones, the complaint said. WiMax was promoted by Intel, Qualcomm’s archrival. Qualcomm’s actions hurt competition and effectively imposed a tax on some products that was passed on to consumers, the FTC said. It’s seeking a court order to undo and prevent the company’s allegedly anticompetitive practices. In a statement, Qualcomm said the complaint was based on a flawed legal theory and inadequate evidence. “Qualcomm has never withheld or threatened to withhold chip supply in order to obtain agreement to unfair or unreasonable licensing terms,” the statement said. The company said the FTC rushed out the complaint before the new presidential administration takes office on Friday. Only three of the five seats on the commission are filled, and member Maureen Ohlhausen dissented from the complaint. Qualcomm has a vast portfolio of mobile technology patents, and licensing them is a big part of its business in addition to selling chips. Its licensing practices have come under fire before. Last month, South Korea’s antitrust agency fined the company $853 million for allegedly violating that country’s competition laws. By threatening to cut off phone makers’ supplies of baseband chips, Qualcomm got them to accept royalties and other license terms they wouldn’t otherwise have accepted, the FTC alleged. This weakened other baseband chip makers and raised costs for consumers, it said. In addition, the company has refused to license its patented technology to other chip makers even when those technologies were essential to industry standards, the FTC said. Standards groups commonly require patent holders to license anything that’s part of a standard on FRAND (fair, reasonable and non-discriminatory) terms. In her dissent, Commissioner Ohlhausen said the complaint never alleges that Qualcomm charged more than reasonable royalties because the commission lacked the evidence to say that. To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Smartphones Computer Processors Technology Law & Regulation Mobile & Wireless Daily Briefing Stephen Lawson is a senior U.S. correspondent for the IDG News Service based in San Francisco. Fix Windows 10 problems with these free Microsoft tools You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. What Readers Like Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Cortana, Windows 10’s built-in virtual assistant, is both really cool and really creepy. Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Why you should start using Google Keep right away Services like Keep, Evernote and Microsoft OneNote are often called "note-taking apps." But they've... Say goodbye to the MS-DOS command prompt It had a good 36-year run, but its day is done. BrandPostsLearn more Sponsored by Sennheiser Audio Conferencing Finally Catches the Digital Transformation Wave Sponsored by VMware AirWatch A More Flexible Approach to App Containerization Popular Resources Go Top Stories HP recalls 101,000 more laptop batteries for fire hazard HP is recalling more laptop batteries that pose a fire hazard and could cause computer damage. 30 tasty tips for Android Nougat Take full advantage of your phone's latest features with this collection of 30 tips for Android Nougat... Why Apple will make smart glasses Instead of making unfashionable smart glasses, Apple will make fashionable glasses smart. Silicon Valley speaks up against intolerance A viral ad from Amazon has gotten a lot of attention, but it’s even better that several companies are... Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Special Report: The New Battle Plan for the Planet's Climate Crisis Follow @RollingStone Hear Fiona Apple's Scathing Anti-Trump Chant for Women's March News Video Music Politics TV Movies Sports Glixel RS Country More News Video Music Politics TV Movies Sports Glixel RS Country Lists Culture Galleries Long Reads Interviews Artists Album Reviews Ram Report Movie Reviews Coverwall Live Reviews 50th Anniversary Podcasts Subscribe Trending Paris Jackson: Life After Neverland The Radical Crusade of Mike Pence Sundance 2017: Grateful Dead Doc 'Long Strange Trip' Is... Watch Triumph the Insult Comic Dog Scorch Trump's... Hear Fiona Apple's Scathing Anti-Trump Chant for Women's March Singer, composer Michael Whalen craft rallying cry "Tiny Hands" for post-inauguration protest Fiona Apple and composer Michael Whalen created a fiery anti-Trump chant, "Tiny Hands," for the post-inauguration Women's March on Washington. Credit: Jack Vartoogian/Getty Images By Jon Blistein January 17, 2017 More News Why Hundreds of Thousands Are Joining the Women's March Read T.I.'s Candid Open Letter to Donald Trump Why Dozens of Congress Members Are Boycotting Trump's Inauguration All Stories Fiona Apple unveiled a pointed and infectious anti-Trump chant, "Tiny Hands," for the upcoming Women's March on Washington. Related Watch Fiona Apple Yell 'Donald Trump, F--k You' at Standing Rock Benefit Singer's holiday parody "Trump's Nuts Roasting on an Open Fire" is one of several anti-Trump, end-of-2016 spoofs Apple crafted the minute-long piece with composer Michael Whalen. While the recording does feature some musical accompaniment – a piano loop, marching drums and a sample of Trump bragging about groping women without their permission from the infamous Access Hollywood tape – it's primarily a vessel for Apple's rallying cry, which is readymade for the post-inauguration protest: "We don't want your tiny hands, anywhere near our underpants." "Tiny Hands" marks Apple's second musical screed against Donald Trump, following her "Christmas Song" parody, "Trump's Nuts Roasting on an Open Fire." Apple released a video of her singing the song a cappella last December then performed the track live at a Standing Rock benefit concert in Los Angeles. As for the Women's March on Washington, the protest will be held in Washington D.C. January 21st, the day after Trump's inauguration, with more than 600 sister marches taking place around the world. Among the numerous singers and actresses participating are Katy Perry, Cher, Scarlett Johansson and Amy Schumer. In an interview with Rolling Stone, organizer Linda Sarsour spoke about the March's mission of inclusivity and its desire to bring together an array of activist causes: "We think that that hasn't happened in a very clear way in a long time – bringing all the movements together and ... saying, 'We are watching you. We are ready. We are fired up. And we're ready to fight back and protect our communities.'" More News Why Hundreds of Thousands Are Joining the Women's March Read T.I.'s Candid Open Letter to Donald Trump Why Dozens of Congress Members Are Boycotting Trump's Inauguration All Stories Topics: Donald Trump Don’t Miss a Story Sign up for our newsletter to receive breaking news directly in your inbox. Please enable javascript to sign up for the newsletter. We may use your e-mail address to send you the newsletter and offers that may interest you, on behalf of Rolling Stone and its partners. For more information please read our Privacy Policy How we use your email address Trending Ranked on a scale from 1 to 10, the trending score reflects the number of users reading a story in real time. What is this? Paris Jackson: Life After Neverland 10 The Radical Crusade of Mike Pence 9.5 Sundance 2017: Grateful Dead Doc 'Long... 9.5 Watch Triumph the Insult Comic Dog Scorch... 7.1 Why It's Time for Country Stars to Speak Up... 6.2 © Rolling Stone 2017 Digital Edition Subscribe Give a Gift Coverwall Contact Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Your Ad Choices Terms of Use Customer Service Advertise Sitemap
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Currency Woes Force Apple, Inc. to Increase U.K. App Store Prices At least the iPhone price hike already took place. Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) Jan 17, 2017 at 7:25PM ^DXY data by YCharts. This isn't the first time that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has had to increase international prices in response to currency fluctuations. Generally speaking, the U.S. dollar has been on a multiyear run, strengthening against most of the world's currencies since 2014. In recent memory, we've seen the company adjust prices in Russia following incredible volatility of the ruble in 2014, followed by Canada, Australia, and the European Union in 2015. Importantly, currency risks aren't going away anytime soon, considering the fact that roughly two-thirds of Apple's business comes from abroad. Following the U.K.'s historic decision last summer to exit the European Union, the pound has taken an utter beating relative to the dollar. The pound's weakening is largely in response to concerns around the economic impacts of Brexit combined with capital outflows coming out of U.K.  USD/GBP exchange rate. Image source: XE.com. Annotation by author. In response to the pound's continued weakness, Apple has been forced to increase prices in its U.K. App Store by approximately 25%. This isn't a decision that Apple takes lightly; it knows that pricing volatility is bad for consumers, and price increases naturally hurt local demand. "We price our products in a way that is in general reflective of pricing here in the United States and it's a pricing that we want to keep in place for reasonable periods of time," CFO Luca Maestri noted on a 2014 earnings call. "We do not like to make sudden changes to our pricing." But Apple has to balance its own financial needs with those of consumers, and if the fluctuations are beyond the scope of its currency hedging program, it has little choice but to adjust prices in order to preserve its financials. The more important price hike is already in the rearview mirror The silver lining for investors is that adjusting App Store prices will likely have a pretty small impact on the business. Remember, this is for digital content that the U.K. installed base purchases over time, which subsequently gets accounted for in Apple's services segment. We don't know the size of Apple's installed base in the U.K., but it's not really a large country overall relative to other markets, with a current population of approximately 65 million. Image source: Apple. More importantly, Apple already increased the prices for its actual products last year, a couple months after the Brexit vote. In September, Apple increased iPhone and iPad prices, including for the new iPhone 7; the hikes ranged from 30 pounds to 60 pounds. Macs saw more meaningful increases in October, given the higher prices for computers. The Mac Pro saw a price increase of a gut-wrenching 500 pounds. Those price hikes were far more painful for U.K. customers. Europe isn't a growth market for Apple (sales up just 3% in the third quarter), but hopefully those price increases didn't hurt Apple's sales during the holiday shopping season too badly. Apple reports fourth-quarter results at the end of the month. Evan Niu, CFA owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) Evan is a Senior Technology Specialist at The Motley Fool. He was previously a Senior Trading Specialist at a major discount broker, and worked briefly at Tesla Motors. Evan graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, and is a CFA charterholder. Follow @TMFNewCow Article Info Jan 17, 2017 at 7:25PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $119.97 down $0.11 (-0.09%) Read More How This Apple Inc. Supplier Created Hundreds of Thousands of Jobs in the United States Why 2017 Will Be the Year of the Virtual Assistant Does This Apple, Inc. Stock Recovery Have Legs? Is This Apple Inc. iPhone 8 Rumor True? Welcome Back, Apple TV Speculation Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Currency Woes Force Apple, Inc. to Increase U.K. App Store Prices @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Networking Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Phones Printers Software Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español CNET Tech Industry Qualcomm forced Apple into exclusive chip deal, FTC says Qualcomm forced Apple into exclusive chip deal, FTC says Lawsuit accuses the world's biggest maker of mobile phone chips of maintaining a monopoly that extracted high royalty fees and weakened competition. Tech Industry by Steven Musil January 17, 2017 5:24 PM PST @stevenmusil Up Next This crazy camera could be a boon to VR filmmakers Qualcomm is accused of anticompetive practices when it comes to licensing its patents. Claudia Cruz/CNET Qualcomm forced Apple to use its chips exclusively in exchange for lower licensing fees, excluding competitors and harming competition, the US said in a lawsuit Tuesday. The lawsuit, filed by the Federal Trade Commission, accuses Qualcomm, the world's biggest maker of baseband processors for mobile phones, of maintaining a monopoly over chips for cellular phones through a "no license, no chips" policy. That policy imposed "onerous" supply and patent-licensing terms to extract high royalties from cell phone makers and weaken competitors, the commission said. "Qualcomm recognized that any competitor that won Apple's business would become stronger, and used exclusivity to prevent Apple from working with and improving the effectiveness of Qualcomm's competitors," the FTC said in a statement. The lawsuit continues a pattern of antitrust scrutiny directed at Qualcomm in recent years. Last month, the South Korean Fair Trade Commission hit the chipset maker with an $850 million fine for maintaining an "unfair business model" and creating a monopoly with its practices. In February, China fined Qualcomm almost $1 billion as part of a long-running antimonopoly investigation into the company. In its heavily redacted complaint (PDF), the FTC said the patents Qualcomm held are standard-essential patents -- technology that is essential to the industry and must be licensed to competitors under fair, reasonable and nondiscriminatory terms (FRAND). But the complaint alleges that Qualcomm consistently refused to license some standard-essential patents to rival chipmakers, in violation of its FRAND commitments. "Qualcomm's customers have accepted elevated royalties and other license terms that do not reflect an assessment of terms that a court or other neutral arbiter would determine to be fair and reasonable," the FTC said in its complaint. The company said the FTC's lawsuit is based on "flawed legal theory." "Qualcomm has never withheld or threatened to withhold chip supply in order to obtain agreement to unfair or unreasonable licensing terms," Qualcomm said in a statement. "The FTC's allegation to the contrary -- the central thesis of the complaint -- is wrong." Apple did not respond to a request for comment. Qualcomm shares fell 4 percent to $64.19 on news of the lawsuit. Does the Mac still matter? Apple execs tell why the MacBook Pro was over four years in the making, and why we should care. Tech Enabled: CNET chronicles tech's role in providing new kinds of accessibility. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Tech Industry Patents Related Stories 'Deceptive' phone-breathalyzer maker must refund $5.1 million SEC said to be investigating Yahoo over data breaches Hugo Barra says bye to Xiaomi, hello again to Silicon Valley ​Former Google search chief now rides with Uber Close   Discuss: Qualcomm forced Apple into exclusive chip... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: This crazy camera could be a boon to VR filmmakers What Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 battery fire means for future phones CNET's Jessica Dolcourt explains what went wrong with the batteries in the Note 7 and what to expect from future phones like the rumored Galaxy S8. by Lexy Savvides 2:12 Sprint buys one-third of Tidal, Samsung will keep the Note brand Today in tech headlines, Sprint buys a third of Tidal, Google makes its first update to its Voice service in a while and Samsung is moving forward with the Note brand. by Jeff Bakalar Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Apple fans, let your freak flag fly Maren Estrada BGR NewsJanuary 18, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share The Jony Ive-narrated introductory video for the Apple Pencil is without question the most cringeworthy video Apple has ever produced. Seriously, it’s like a parody of an Apple video produced by Apple. Watch it again right here if you don’t remember it. Ive speaks with such passion, diving deep into the intricate details and the magic behind the creation of… a friggin stylus. Sure, it’s a nice stylus, but at the end of the day it’s still… a friggin stylus. If you own an Apple Pencil, you’re obviously comfortable with buying into pretty much anything Apple’s selling (jk, jk, it’s so awesome!!), so why not let the world know? The TechMatte Apple Pencil Charging Stand will let you display your sweet Apple Pencil proudly on your desk for all the world to see. Some highlights from the product page: TechMatte Apple Pencil Stand allows you to charge your pencil while still looking stylish and sleek on your desk. The stand’s charging dock comes with the proper cable to charge your Apple Pencil built into the stand. Holds both your pencil and cap Easy to use and durable Made of solid aluminum Apple Pencil Stand, TechMatte Apple Pencil Charging Dock/Stand (Aluminium) with Built-in Chargi…: $21.00 Trending right now: The Galaxy S8 might lose the fight against the iPhone before it even launches New Galaxy S8 Plus leak reveals some of the phone’s best features There’s something weird happening on Venus See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next iPhone 7 Plus vs Google Pixel ‘bokeh’ shootout isn’t even close BGR News 50% of People Pay Too Much Best BuySponsored The NES Classic is back in stock at a bunch of Target stores right now BGR News Wristband monitors your blood alcohol content while you drink Yahoo Tech Apple’s new MacBook Pro is on its best sale ever BGR News Type In Their Name To See If They Are Cheating TruthFinderSponsored Where to buy the NES Classic Edition Digital Trends
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO FTC charges Qualcomm with anticompetitive chip tactics FTC charges Qualcomm with anticompetitive chip tactics The company dictated licensing terms by threatening phone makers' access to chips, the agency says Stephen Lawson (IDG News Service) 18 January, 2017 12:02 - - - - print email Comments Qualcomm strong-armed some phone makers into accepting unfavorable technology licensing terms while giving Apple a break in exchange for exclusivity, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission has charged. The company used its dominance in baseband processors, which manage cellular communication in mobile devices, to force vendors to pay elevated royalties for Qualcomm technologies, the FTC charged in a complaint filed Tuesday in federal court. At the same time, Qualcomm gave Apple favorable terms so it could supply the baseband chips for all iPhones from 2011 to 2016, according to the FTC. Among other things, in 2007 it got Apple to agree not to use WiMax, the original 4G system used on Sprint’s network, in any iPhones, the complaint said. WiMax was promoted by Intel, Qualcomm’s archrival. Qualcomm’s actions hurt competition and effectively imposed a tax on some products that was passed on to consumers, the FTC said. It’s seeking a court order to undo and prevent the company’s allegedly anticompetitive practices. In a statement, Qualcomm said the complaint was based on a flawed legal theory and inadequate evidence. “Qualcomm has never withheld or threatened to withhold chip supply in order to obtain agreement to unfair or unreasonable licensing terms,” the statement said. The company said the FTC rushed out the complaint before the new presidential administration takes office on Friday. Only three of the five seats on the commission are filled, and member Maureen Ohlhausen dissented from the complaint. Qualcomm has a vast portfolio of mobile technology patents, and licensing them is a big part of its business in addition to selling chips. Its licensing practices have come under fire before. Last month, South Korea’s antitrust agency fined the company $853 million for allegedly violating that country’s competition laws. By threatening to cut off phone makers’ supplies of baseband chips, Qualcomm got them to accept royalties and other license terms they wouldn’t otherwise have accepted, the FTC alleged. This weakened other baseband chip makers and raised costs for consumers, it said. In addition, the company has refused to license its patented technology to other chip makers even when those technologies were essential to industry standards, the FTC said. Standards groups commonly require patent holders to license anything that’s part of a standard on FRAND (fair, reasonable and non-discriminatory) terms. In her dissent, Commissioner Ohlhausen said the complaint never alleges that Qualcomm charged more than reasonable royalties because the commission lacked the evidence to say that. The Rise of 'Data and Analytics' Roles Points to Digital Business Transformation More from Gartner Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about AppleFederal Trade CommissionFTCIntelQualcommSprint Editor's Recommendations Mind the (expectation) gap The ultimate test: Inside Cricket Australia's digital transformation Opinion: Are the ATO and Census failures just the tip of the iceberg? ​Australia is not a screw-up nation ​Is Apple under threat? How operational resilience helped RBA survive a siege Web Events Digitally remastering your business Impact of Project Prioritisation Let the Data Centre Transformation Begin - with Flash Storage Read more Gartner Partner Zone Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers Dell EMC Global data protection index II CIO Forum in Association with Dell Technologies On the Radar: FinalCode addresses persistent file security challenges for the enterprise EMA Survey Report Latest Jobs Devops Engineer VIC Infrastructure Project Manager NSW Program Manager NSW Level 3 Engineer NSW JDEVELOPER ACT Senior Business Analyst NSW Salesforce Technical Business Analyst QLD Project Delivery Manager | Portfolio QLD IT Sercurity Engineer VIC Level 3 Engineer NSW Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next ​Your top 5 priorities this year, according to Forrester Samsung details 8-point battery safety check for all new devices ​Reviewing first SAP Security update in 2017 CSO Online In pictures: CIO Summit Melbourne In pictures: CIO50 launch party Atlassian acquires team-management software vendor Trello Market Place WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). 6 cities | 20 exhibitors | International & local keynotes | Hear from Mark Loveless 'Simple Nomad' & Jeff Lanza Former FBI - Save your seat at CSO Perspectives Roadshow Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). CSO Businesses hobbled by deficiencies in security resourcing as IoT-driven DDoS volumes surge Court denies US government appeal in Microsoft overseas email case ​Android HummingBad malware returns to Google Play Report: Half of ransomware's SMB victims pay up Pompeo sworn in as CIA chief amid opposition from surveillance critics Computerworld Boutique browser maker to Microsoft: 'Stop stealing the default' in Windows 10 Galaxy Note7's battery fiasco won't soon be forgotten Independent review of ATO outage begins Apple quashes bugs in iOS, macOS and Safari Optus rolls out more small cells in NT, SA ARN ​Opening the door to data centre change in Australia HPE buys Cloud Cruiser in consumption-based hybrid IT drive PwC brought in to investigate "unprecedented" ATO hardware failure Machine learning set to be 2017’s megatrend Optus ramps up regional mobile coverage Techworld GPG Suite updated for secure email on OSX Sierra LinkedIn pumps water down to its server racks, uses an interesting spine and leaf network fabric Lenovo tunes N23 Yoga Chromebook for Android apps with ARM processor Boutique browser maker to Microsoft: 'Stop stealing the default' in Windows 10 U.S. solar industry passes oil, coal and gas for job creation CMO Ganschow, Ristevski, Kirby join NAB's marketing leadership team Tealium CEO: AI, IoT and the ongoing customer data integration challenge The Outnet offers ‘personalised approach’ with refreshed brand strategy RedBalloon gets new CMO, CTO CMO-CIO NZ roundtable: Shifting gears from digital enablement to business transformation Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Samsung Granted Two Distinctly Different Foldable, Dual Display Smartphone Concept Patents | Main | Microsoft Surprises with a Major Patent Win for Future Foldable Surface Smartphones and Tablets » January 17, 2017 Ex-Apple Employees say the Company is now a Boring Operations Company, Uptight and Too Secretive   In a new CNBC report posted this afternoon partly titled "Tim Cook made Apple a 'boring operations company', we hear from Bob Burrough, a former Apple engineer who said that the invention of the iPhone came, in part, out of the chaos of Apple under co-founder Steve Jobs. Now there's less internal conflict inside Apple — and that's not necessarily a good thing.   Burrough added that "At Apple in 2007, organizationally it was the wild west. I was hired under a particular manager, but for the first two years worked on projects that had virtually nothing to do with that manager's core responsibility. That's because the organization wasn't the priority, the projects were the priority. It was the exact opposite of 'not my job.' It was 'I'm here to solve whatever problems I can, irrespective of my role, my title, or to whom I report.' It was wild. But it was also very rewarding, because everything you did had maximal impact on the product."   But today, the "dynamic has clearly and distinctly changed," and Apple is much closer to his job at Palm, said Burrough, who most recently founded a 3D printing company called Bilt It.   Burrough told CNBC that "Working at Palm, the teams were highly organizational, [hierarchical] and responsibilities were siloed. There was a clear sense that each person had a clear responsibility, and rarely deviated from it. When you went to someone for help solving a problem 'not my job' was a common response."   Tim Cook, who took over as Apple CEO in 2011, has made the company the richest in the world. Apple has nearly doubled its annual revenue under Cook, from $108.2 billion in 2011 to $215.7 billion in 2016. Cook has also replaced challenging leaders from the Steve Jobs era, such as Scott Forstall, who led the iOS platform used on the iPhone and iPad, but reportedly clashed with Cook and other Apple execs.   But while Apple has pumped out money, it has also faced grumbles that it's been slow to innovate in areas like self-driving cars, TV and video, and the Internet of Things. Despite introducing new products like the Apple Watch, the iPhone still makes up the vast majority of Apple's sales each year.   Entrepreneur Steve Blank has likened Cook's leadership to that of Microsoft's Steve Ballmer, who took over from Bill Gates and tripled Microsoft's sales. But under Ballmer, Microsoft missed major opportunities to retain its software dominance as companies like Apple, Google, Facebook and Amazon took the lead on mobile, search, social and cloud.   Burrough said he endorses the comparison between Ballmer and Cook. He went on a tweet storm on Tuesday where he said apple was no longer a "dynamic change-maker."   Sheesh, it must be dump on Apple day because a second story surfaced earlier today covering a company called Pearl Automation, an auto-accessory startup that has 80 employees with 50 of them coming from Apple.   Brian Sander, Pearl's co-founder and chief operating officer said that "Although Apple pays very well, many of the Apple recruits had gotten bored cranking out incremental improvements to the iPhone and the Mac. They were vibrating. It was time for them to do something different."   There are many things the ex-Apple executives loved about Apple and have tried to bring that to Pearl but the closed atmosphere at Apple is definitely one that didn't like and try to be different and open with their teams at Pearl.   One of the executives at Pearl Automation is Brian Latimer who was in charge of protecting some Apple's deepest secrets. Like all Apple employees, he was discouraged from talking about his job with co-workers. The reverse is true at Pearl.   "At Apple, there are a few people in the company that decide what needs to be done, and everyone else is executing," said Rishabh Bhargava, Pearl's director of hardware, who formerly worked on the iPod and iPhone.   At Pearl, he said, the engineering team has a voice in coming products and features, as well as the product design. For more on that story check out the report from TheRecord here.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.   Posted by Jack Purcher on January 17, 2017 at 06:17 PM in 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts Samsung Releases a Brief Note 7 Investigation Report / Propaganda Video Supply Chain Claims that VR Headsets and HoloLens Component Orders are Disappointing for 2017 Despite Google's Objections, Samsung Confirms the Galaxy S8 will introduce their Viv-Based Digital Assistant Reality Strikes Samsung as Smartphone Sales Drop to Lowest Level since 2011 Apple Granted 35 Patents Today Covering Apple Watch Smart Links, In-Air Gaming Gesturing and Apple Watch Wall Street Punishes Qualcomm after their Number One Client Apple Sues them for Out of Control Royalties & More Softbank's Sprint Acquires a 33% Stake in Music Service 'Tidal' Apple wins Several Watch Band Design Patents in Hong Kong & Trademarks the Name of their new Design Book Xiaomi Ousts Hugo Barra after the Company's Smartphone Market Share Tanked last Quarter Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related, Indoor Mapping Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
Computerworld FTC charges Qualcomm with anticompetitive chip tactics News Technology News Business Cloud Computing Data Centre Gaming Dev Government Infrastructure Mobility Networking Open Source Security Servers Social Networking Software Software Development Storage Tech Planet Telecoms Tutorials Unified Comms Virtualisation Tools Blogs Editorial Contacts Events IT Media Releases Join Computerworld Newsletters NBN RSS Slideshows Vendor View Videos Zones Jobs Whitepapers All Whitepapers Business + Management Cloud Computing CRM Data Centre Data Management Disaster Recovery Network Security Storage Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Wireless Other Whitepapers Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. Twitter Facebook FTC charges Qualcomm with anticompetitive chip tactics The company dictated licensing terms by threatening phone makers' access to chips, the agency says Stephen Lawson (IDG News Service) 18 January, 2017 12:02 - - - - print email Comments Qualcomm strong-armed some phone makers into accepting unfavorable technology licensing terms while giving Apple a break in exchange for exclusivity, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission has charged. The company used its dominance in baseband processors, which manage cellular communication in mobile devices, to force vendors to pay elevated royalties for Qualcomm technologies, the FTC charged in a complaint filed Tuesday in federal court. At the same time, Qualcomm gave Apple favorable terms so it could supply the baseband chips for all iPhones from 2011 to 2016, according to the FTC. Among other things, in 2007 it got Apple to agree not to use WiMax, the original 4G system used on Sprint’s network, in any iPhones, the complaint said. WiMax was promoted by Intel, Qualcomm’s archrival. Qualcomm’s actions hurt competition and effectively imposed a tax on some products that was passed on to consumers, the FTC said. It’s seeking a court order to undo and prevent the company’s allegedly anticompetitive practices. In a statement, Qualcomm said the complaint was based on a flawed legal theory and inadequate evidence. “Qualcomm has never withheld or threatened to withhold chip supply in order to obtain agreement to unfair or unreasonable licensing terms,” the statement said. The company said the FTC rushed out the complaint before the new presidential administration takes office on Friday. Only three of the five seats on the commission are filled, and member Maureen Ohlhausen dissented from the complaint. Qualcomm has a vast portfolio of mobile technology patents, and licensing them is a big part of its business in addition to selling chips. Its licensing practices have come under fire before. Last month, South Korea’s antitrust agency fined the company $853 million for allegedly violating that country’s competition laws. By threatening to cut off phone makers’ supplies of baseband chips, Qualcomm got them to accept royalties and other license terms they wouldn’t otherwise have accepted, the FTC alleged. This weakened other baseband chip makers and raised costs for consumers, it said. In addition, the company has refused to license its patented technology to other chip makers even when those technologies were essential to industry standards, the FTC said. Standards groups commonly require patent holders to license anything that’s part of a standard on FRAND (fair, reasonable and non-discriminatory) terms. In her dissent, Commissioner Ohlhausen said the complaint never alleges that Qualcomm charged more than reasonable royalties because the commission lacked the evidence to say that. Demand for 3rd Party ERP Support Soars More from Rimini Street Join the Computerworld newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about AppleFederal Trade CommissionFTCIntelQualcommSprint Editor's Recommendations Independent review of ATO outage begins ASD to brief political parties on hacking threat DNS: The ‘Achilles’ Heel’ of the Internet GreenSync eyes global opportunities Government eyes regional cyber security boost WA govt signs contracts for GovNext overhaul Web Events Tomorrow's success comes from today's data Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education Data Loss Prevention - Sponsored by Symantec Related Whitepapers The Smarter, Faster Way to Move to Windows 10. Shift the faster, smarter way: Migrate to Windows 10 with Microsoft’s Largest Australian Partner SECURITY, DURABILITY AND USABILITY TARGET HP’S FLAGSHIP CONVERTIBLE AT BUSINESS USERS Cyber Ransom Survival Guide: The Growing Threat of Ransomware and RDoS – and What to Do About It Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Galaxy Note7's battery fiasco won't soon be forgotten Apple sues Qualcomm over patent licensing and $1B in payments ​Spamhaus: Uptick in Tor-using botnets may force ISPs to block all Tor ... CSO Online In pictures: Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education: Preparing Youth for ... In pictures: Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education: Preparing Youth for ... Atlassian acquires team-management software vendor Trello Market Place 6 cities | 20 exhibitors | International & local keynotes | Hear from Mark Loveless 'Simple Nomad' & Jeff Lanza Former FBI - Save your seat at CSO Perspectives Roadshow Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). Editorial Contacts Advertising Information Privacy Policy RSS Newsletters Events Whitepapers News Zones IT Media Releases Slideshows Videos Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World | GoodGearGuide | CIO | CMO | CSO | Techworld | ARN | CIO Executive Council
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: CES Round-Up: What Investors Need to Know We chat with Daniel Kline, our "boots on the ground" correspondent at the Consumer Electronics Show to see what big tech trends were showcased last week in Las Vegas. Motley Fool Staff Jan 17, 2017 at 7:13PM In this episode of Industry Focus: Tech, Dylan Lewis talks with Daniel Kline about some of the biggest trends and most exciting innovations he's seen so far at CES 2017. Find out how the wave of smart home technology has swept its way toward the mainstream, why drones aren't likely to find a market application any time soon, a few things that investors need to be wary of any time they read about an industry trade show, and more. A full transcript follows the video. This podcast was recorded on Jan. 6, 2017. Dylan Lewis: Welcome to Industry Focus, the podcast that dives into a different sector of the stock market every day. It's Friday, Jan. 6, and we're getting a dispatch from our boots on the ground at CES. I'm your host, Dylan Lewis, and I'm joined on Skype by fool.com contributor Daniel Kline. Dan, how's it going over in Las Vegas? Daniel Kline: Oh boy, it's a little colder than expected, but it's pretty exciting out here. Lewis: This is kind of like your Christmas, right? You're Mr. Gadget for fool.com. Kline: (laughs) Here's the thing: It's my Christmas if right at the end of Christmas, everything you get gets taken away. (laughs) You know? You get to see a lot of really cool stuff, but you don't get to take it home. Lewis: Yeah. It's a lot of demos and trials at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas. For folks that might not be as familiar with your work, Dan, I would say that when it comes to trying stuff out and reviewing it, or just buying it for the sake of having a sense of what this consumer technology might be like, you're kind of the king for The Fool. Kline: I was going to say, in terms of being a dummy who owns 17 smartwatches and an Apple Newton, that's me. Lewis: But this is right up your alley. I was really excited that you were going to be traveling there, and we could have you on the ground, so we could get a little report on what you've seen so far. The conference started yesterday, right? Kline: It started for me yesterday. There was a press day before that, but I was stuck in travel problems. It's the second-biggest show of the year here in Las Vegas, so getting here is a challenge. Flights get backed up, and there was some weather, so that was interesting. But what I found most shocking -- I wasn't here last year, but I was here two years ago, and if you replace 3D television with 4K television, I'm seeing a lot of the same things. There's booths full of drones, there's a lot of A.I., there's a lot of home automation. I'd say the home automation is a little bit more practical, because a lot of it is tied to the Amazon Echo, or other devices like that, which actually have some penetration. But, if you changed those TVs out and told me it was two years ago and I had fallen into a time warp, that's kind of what it's like here. Lewis: So, your point is, year to year, there hasn't been a big difference? And, actually, you weren't there last year, so you're talking two years ago. Kline: I was not there last year, so it was two years ago. And two years ago, you walked out and everybody was trying their different smart devices. And I think yesterday, I saw a smart toothbrush that performs the same functions as that little tablet they gave you in sixth grade that turns the plaque red. I saw a smart pillow, a smart mirror, a smart shirt, I'm not even sure what the shirt did. But, there's just an awful lot of stuff here that's just mild variants on things that already do work. I'm not seeing, for example, any major evolution in smartphones. I'm not seeing laptops that look different. At least, two years ago, you got those portable stick laptops, the computers, they felt like they were going to become a thing but it never really did. I'm not seeing anything like that. The innovations are incremental. Charging -- there's some very interesting quick-charge products. There are a lot of device holders that are sort of revolutionary, like, if you want to wear your smartphone on a ring. There really isn't any category that I look at and say, "Oh, wow, that's going to change how we make coffee," or "That's going to change how I get to work," or anything like that. It's all very incremental. Lewis: So, if we're not seeing new categories coming out, why don't we talk a little bit about the categories that did exist a couple years ago, and maybe what the next phases of those types of devices look like. I know that you've already written a little bit about the smart home market in some of your CES coverage, which is available on fool.com. The Consumer Technology Association, which is the trade group that puts on CES, released a report saying that smart homes would be the most popular means of Internet of Things engagement. They're also predicting 29 million units of sales in 2017, which would be over 60% increase year over year. Can you talk a little bit about what you're seeing in respect to that market? Kline: Yeah, I mentioned this a few seconds ago, I'm seeing a lot of things that tie into Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) Echo, Microsoft's Cortana, even Apple's iPhone -- technologies you already have and already understand. Two years ago, everybody had a platform. They were trying to get into your living room, they were trying to control things. Now, it's much more, "OK, we know what the platforms are, we know that about 20% of Americans have iPhones, and the Echo has been a huge seller." So, it's really tying in useful things to that. My mom isn't going to buy a stand-alone light bulb or a thermostat device that she then has to get an app for. But if she can plug in a light bulb and tell her Amazon Echo, "Echo, turn the light on," she might do that. We're starting to see practical implications of the sci-fi reality of walking into your house and saying, "Kitchen, make me a bagel." Lewis: And it seems like this is really, largely, in response to consumer demand for this type of technology, right? This is something that, broadly, mainstream consumer seem to be clamoring for. Kline: I think it was sort of a sneaky backdoor by Amazon. When the Echo came out, it was really pushed as a music player. And it's a lovely music player. You can walk into your living room and say, "Play Bruce Springsteen," and it'll play whatever you like. And then they slowly -- and we have a Fool skill on there, you can listen to the podcast by asking for it -- and that became very useful. So, it's not a huge leap when you're already using that. If you're already using Siri to give you directions, it's not crazy to ask a Siri-enabled device, whether that be a phone or Apple TV or whatever it is, to give you a recipe, and eventually to tie into, maybe, monitoring the temperature of your house. It's gone from something your cool geeky friend would have to, "Oh, OK, I already understand this, and now we can go to Target and buy this device, and that will integrate this way." And you're seeing a lot of that. Now, there's plenty of stuff that will never make it to the home. I think there's a level of monitoring -- I saw a multiple smart home beds. I buy you might try the Sleep Number bed, where you can adjust it yourself. I'm not sure you need data analytics on how many times you flip over during the night. Lewis: Yeah, that's a little invasive for the bedroom, I think. Kline: It's just, people are trying to give you data you're not looking for. Now, for some person -- if you're not sleeping, that might be very useful. But it becomes a niche. And the real winners are going to be people that provide everyday usefulness. The first time you could put coffee beans in a Mr. Coffee and program it so when you woke up, something was there, that you didn't have to do that in the morning, that was a practical innovation. And you're really starting to see that with home automation now. Lewis: OK. We talked about home automation. One of the other categories you mentioned was VR and AR. This seems to be one of the segments that might enjoy the most year-over-year growth. I know that CTA expects sales of 2.5 million units, or 80%, basically, year over year. What are you seeing with that segment there? Kline: It's all Samsung. I actually had dinner last night with Jack McCauley, one of the gentleman who created Oculus. Samsung licenses the Oculus technology. He admitted that the devices are awkward to wear, and right now, it's really a gaming niche. You're seeing some really interesting gaming technology. What you're not seeing is how it breaks out beyond that. Microsoft isn't here, at least not officially. You might see HoloLens or some product like that have a real commercial application. You saw a little bit of it with Google Glass, where a doctor could be using it in the operating room to get outside advice. You're seeing a lot of high-end plays like that. But you and I, even me as a gadget guy, I'm not spending $799, $999, whatever it is, to buy a high-end device. But you're going to see a lot more penetration in the $99 to $199 market, whether that be with the Samsung product, or with Sony products. And I assume, eventually, we'll get some version of that for Xbox. And the gaming technology is incredible. Where you're seeing a lot of advancement is in how your head moves to get rid of some of that motion sickness that's associated with it. The technology is just leaps and bounds better than what it was even a couple of years ago. Lewis: I think one of the ways that you can look at the VR market, particularly with gaming, is the rigs that are dependent on a computer, and are generally much costlier, and the headsets that you can run with your smartphone, and just put your smartphone in. It sounds like some of the more smartphone-oriented ones have a clearer path to market, and maybe more mainstream appeal. Is that what you're seeing? Kline: Yeah, that's going to be the short-term growth. But I think you might see some of the higher-end devices -- you know how now, you can go to your local movie theater, and they're showing an opera, or a sold-out UFC fight, or that type of experience, you might pay $25 or $30 for it? It's not crazy to think that someday, you're going to go down to your local Dave & Buster's or a movie theater or whatever it is, put on a headset, and watch the Superbowl from the 50-yard line, or a NASCARrace, or a concert, or whatever it is. There might be some commercial applications that are frivolous like that that justify a store or a business spending a couple grand for a setup in a way to get a monetary return that isn't just a novelty. Lewis: I have to ask this because it's a topic that people love to hear about: What's going on with drones at CES? Kline: They're everywhere, and I have not seen any sort of viable application for them. There are some very cool variations of the drones you see at Brookstone, the Star Wars-like drones. There's a lot of cool kid game applications. There's a lot of hobbyist, high-end, $600 to $700, you play with it in your backyard, you spy on your neighbors, whatever creepy thing you're doing with it. There are dozens of people showing drones, and nobody explaining why I'm going to buy it and what I'm going to do with it, other than some very silly things. There are, obviously, commercial applications of drones. Wal-Mart is using them to do inventory in its warehouses. You're not seeing a lot of that there. The drones are almost exactly what you saw two years ago, except maybe they're a little bit easier to pilot. The technology is very cool, but I don't know, do you need a drone? What would you do with it? Lewis: Yeah, I don't personally have any use for them. Actually, I don't think, as a resident in the District of Columbia, I can have a drone. I'm pretty sure they don't allow that, at least near the capital. (laughs) So I certainly don't have a use case for one. It has seemed for a long time like the more upscale camera-shoot type drones, if you're trying to get big landscape shots or stuff like that, maybe farmers using them for agricultural purposes, obviously Amazon has delivery intentions with drones, it's going to be a lot more targeted enterprise stuff than mainstream consumer tech, at least in my eyes. Kline: See, I know Amazon is putting a lot of effort into them. I've seen the videos. I think there's limited applications for that. If you're Amazon, it might make sense to use a drone to deliver to someplace you're never going to send a truck. But I don't picture a sky full of drones delivering me a bag of gummy bears and you a book. It does not seem like the most practical way to do it. And that goes to something else I've seen a lot of here: robots. There are, I'll call them "fake robots," because this isn't a robot with a personality where you're going to have to tell it what to do. It's really an iPad strapped to a robot that has a little bit of A.I. programming, so it smiles when you say "hello." And they're everywhere. They look like people, they look like the end scene in Battlestar Galactica, where you start to see robots taking over the world. But, again, like the drones, they do some interesting A.I. stuff, but they don't really have any more technology than the robots from the 1980s that were really just R.C. cars that you could use to bring your friend a drink. Lewis: Now, the companies that are behind those types of robots, are there any big players in that? Or are these mostly small start-ups? Kline: They're small start-ups, and "look at me!" from some of the big players. I'm not going to say directly who, because I don't remember. You do see robots at some of the larger, higher-end booths, but I think it's more to flag down your attention. It's not the product they're going to bring to market. Just like there's some concept cars here, there's a lot of driverless technology, a lot of really interesting driver-assisted technology, but they're really just to get headlines. They're years away. You might see aspects of them, but I don't think there's any viable player in the U.S. who thinks that tomorrow, in your house, you're going to have a robot butler who's powered by an iPad. It just doesn't seem practical quite yet. Lewis: Yeah, trade shows, particularly CES, are full of more gimmicky, less useful, or less recognizably mainstream-application-type technology being shown off. What were some of the very cool things that you've seen? Kline: Well, after spending a day walking around, the booths full of massage chairs looked pretty inviting. Lewis: (laughs) I bet. Kline: But, really, the coolest stuff I'm seeing are things I could imagine actually having. There are some, call them hover-sled-like transportation devices that build off the Segway model, that you could see, maybe, eventually being a practical urban way of getting around. You're also seeing a lot of really cool home automation stuff that I don't think is going to be mainstream, but for some of us who are very tech-oriented, it's more practical in the next year or two for me to really make everything in my house work on a voice command. I can see some ways to do that. I've also seen some very cool wearables, where whether it's interacting with a video game or controlling a drone or a robot, there's some very cool gloves and other devices that seem like fun. Whether any of these are actually going to make it to market or not, that's very hard to know. Lewis: Yeah, I think that's one of the most important things that you have to keep in mind when you see buzz from CES or South by Southwest, or really any tech trade show. You have people trying to make a splash and trying to get headlines and get a lot of press. That leads to, in some ways, needless innovation, or innovation without a marketplace, necessarily. I remember at South by Southwest in Austin last year, one of the coolest things I saw, bar none, was a VR headset rig that used an Oculus headset, but then also had this fighter jet-type pod. So, you put on the headset, you got in the pod, and the headset reacted to the movements of the pod itself. So, you could be flying upside down, doing tumbling 360s, whatever, and that's what you were experiencing in the headset. It was fully immersive. I was talking to the guys who developed it afterwards, and I said, "What's the application here? How are you guys going to bring this to market? This seems like this probably cost $500,000 or $1 million to develop, so I can only imagine it's going to be extremely expensive to buy as a consumer." And they said, "You know, we're not really sure yet. We're in the business of making cool stuff and then figuring it out later." Kline: That's the theme of the day here. I walk around the show and I picture myself walking with the Shark Tank people and just dismissing 80% of these as "cool, but a bad idea." There's so much innovation that doesn't solve the problem. I don't need my smart shirt to tell me I'm sweating because it's hot. There's so much of that. When you look at technology, what technology do people buy? If it's truly transformative, you might buy something you never thought you needed. But for the most part, if it doesn't solve a problem for you, you're not going to spend money on it. A smart mirror that tells you your lipstick is smudged -- which is pretty much something you can see in a regular old dumb mirror -- isn't going to break through, no matter how cool it is. And the price tag on all this stuff ... It's one thing if Apple says, "We're going to give you something you don't need, but we can make a billion of them and price it accordingly." When it's one of these small booth companies that has some sort of innovative tracking system for, I don't know, a smart plate, so you can keep track of what you're eating and lose weight, that sounds very cool, but it's never going to become a mainstream product. Lewis: Yeah. I think, as an investor, you need to take whatever excitement you have -- whatever the tech side of you is that gets really excited about what you're seeing at some of these trade shows -- and always bring it back around to, what does addressable market realistically look like for some of these businesses? To bring it to companies that are publicly traded and very popular now, you look at GoPro or Fitbit. These are businesses that, maybe the market thought the addressable market was a lot larger than it actually is, and they've hit saturation a little bit quicker. And these are wildly popular consumer devices. So, to scale that back down, some of these extremely niche products, especially the smart solutions like the mirrors and plates you're talking about, it's tough to see really getting mainstream appeal. Kline: Yeah. The interesting thing is, two years ago, maybe longer than that, I would have looked at the robot vacuum, which now you can find in the $300 range, maybe even less on sale -- but, when those were $500 or $600, I looked at it and went, "OK, that's kind of cool, but nobody is going to spend this kind of money." And I was wrong. That has become a breakout category. And it's pushed the prices down, it's expanded the market. I don't know if it'll ever be something that everyone has. It's not correct for every home. But, that was an example of something that seemed a little bit ridiculous that broke through the market. And I'm sure there's products like that here, but I haven't seen anything -- even as a real tech guy -- that I thought, "Oh my God, sell me one of those, I don't care what the price is." Lewis: Yeah. So, Dan, we're coming to the close of the show here. Before I let you go: What can people expect for future coverage from you for the next couple days? Anything to look forward to, anything you're really excited about, anything like that? Kline: I'm going to spend today looking at things that may actually impact you. I'm going to go over and look at the new product that Dish introduced, where you can integrate over-the-air television with some of your streaming services, making all of that one box. I'm going to try to focus on things like, this is a practical battery charger that I might buy that's already on the market. I'm going to get away from the fanciful, and look at, these are the five things at CES that you could buy at the store next week that you might actually buy. Lewis: Well, we'll be looking forward to reading it. Listeners, if you want to check out any of Dan Kline's coverage, you can find it on his author page on fool.com. We also have Supernova team lead David Kretzmann at CES. You can find all of his content at ces.fool.com. Thanks for joining us on today's show, Dan! Kline: Thank you! Lewis: Listeners, that does it for this episode of Industry Focus. If you have any questions, or just want to reach out and say hey, shoot us an email at industryfocus@fool.com. You can always tweet us @MFIndustryFocus, as well. If you like the show and are looking for more of our stuff, subscribe on iTunes, or you can check out The Fool's family of shows at fool.com/podcasts. As always, people on the program may own companies discussed on the show, and The Motley Fool may have formal recommendations for or against stocks mentioned, so don't buy or sell anything based solely on what you hear. For Dan Kline, I'm Dylan Lewis, thanks for listening and Fool on! Teresa Kersten is an employee of LinkedIn and is a member of The Motley Fool's Board of Directors. LinkedIn is owned by Microsoft. Daniel Kline owns shares of Apple and Microsoft. Dylan Lewis owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon.com, Apple, Fitbit, and GoPro. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple, short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple, short January 2019 $12 calls on GoPro, and long January 2019 $12 puts on GoPro. The Motley Fool recommends Dave and Buster's Entertainment. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Article Info Jan 17, 2017 at 7:13PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Amazon.com NASDAQ:AMZN $822.26 up $4.38 (0.54%) Read More 3 High-Yield Internet of Things Stocks to Buy in 2017 Why 2017 Will Be the Year of the Virtual Assistant 3 Concerns for Square Inc Investors in 2017 What Investors Should Expect When Intel Corp. Reports Fourth-Quarter Earnings Welcome Back, Apple TV Speculation Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current CES Round-Up: What Investors Need to Know @themotleyfool #stocks $AMZN
Not all electrical devices are created equal | Bangkok Post: tech Top sections News Business Video Photos Opinion Lifestyle Auto Jobs Property Travel Learning More TECHNOLOGY Log in Sign up Web search MENU Search Switch Archive Today's paper DIGITAL VERSION SIGN IN About E-Newspaper Subscribe Report problem Free Trial HOME DELIVERY Technology Homepage World updates Local news Reviews Apps Mobile & tablets Computers Gadgets Buy & sell Tech > Reviews > Gadgets Not all electrical devices are created equal 18 Jan 2017 at 04:00 2,241 viewed0 comments NEWSPAPER SECTION: LIFE | WRITER: GRAHAM K. ROGERS Disassembled Apple charger, rear, and Pisen device. Photos: Phater Jaengarun - + Last week was the 10th anniversary of Steve Jobs' iPhone introduction. I was there covering the event for the Bangkok Post's Database section, which is now part of Life. I did handle a prototype iPhone the day after that memorable keynote, but at that stage it was still under development. During the next six months up to its June introduction, there was much misinformation about the device from commentators who had never seen it, including a widely-copied theory about the ineffectiveness of the touch keyboard. It continues today. We recently heard a lot of indignation about what disasters would follow with the loss of the 3.5mm headphone jack. When the iPhone 7 was released, and the headphones were indeed connected via the Lightning port, no one really noticed. There was a free adaptor for those who still wanted to use older headphones. Many have complained over the years about the cost of Apple products. They are not in the bargain basement, that's for sure. Prices here are consistent with those in the US, where they are quoted with no taxes included. When VAT is added (7% here), there is rarely more than a few hundred baht difference, usually down to shipping costs and currency fluctuations. Looking around at products from other high-end manufacturers, there may be mark-ups of several thousand baht, so Apple fares quite well. Prices of Apple computers and accessories are usually high to start with, but my experience is that they last quite well. It is an unusual example, for sure, but my 2002 iMac is still running, as are Macs I bought several years ago and have since passed on to friends. With the arrival of the new MacBook Pro computers, I have spent a fair amount of time in the last month or so wandering the malls looking for USB-C-capable accessories, without much luck. Apart from the Apple adaptors and a LaCie hard disk, there was little more unless I ordered from online sources. I saw two new disks this weekend. It would be nice to spend my money in stores here, but I can find almost nothing I need. In a well-known store I saw accessories that appeared identical to Apple's own devices, like earbuds and power adaptors. I bought a couple of these and compared them. To be fair, there was nothing that suggested they could be used with an iPhone: "for Smart device" was all that was printed on the package. The price was 290 baht. The Apple one is 790 baht. I checked Apple's US site and the only power accessories shown are from Belkin, Mophie, Solpro and Twelve South. On the face if it, this Pisen-brand adaptor looks just like the one for the iPhone. Specifications are in dark grey on the Apple product. The similar white one had the details in easy-to-read black. They were identical: 100-240v; 50/60Hz; 0.15A; 5v=1A. Side by side, it was easy to see that the Chinese-made product was slightly larger, but examined separately some might not notice. Or not care. I compared outputs using a neat device a colleague lent me that plugs into the USB port. The Apple device produced 5.1v while the other connector only put out 5.01v. I asked a graduate student -- a qualified electrical engineer -- to help with tear-downs of both. She uses Asus and Android, so is not an Apple user. Both devices were destroyed in the testing. The Apple adaptor was quite hard to break open. It was also difficult to remove components. The circuit had three main parts in the single unit. These were designed to fit perfectly within the external plastic container. Unlike the Pisen unit, it was almost impossible to remove solder. It had a higher melting point, suggesting that the material was an alloy (lead melts at 327.5C). Disassembly was hard and the circuitry in the Apple adaptor was found to be more complex. Although both units have the same basic function of charging, the Pisen circuitry was quite basic. The major difference between the two is that the Apple device has some additional components that appear to compare (or filter) between the primary side (220v) and the secondary (5v) side of the adaptor. Both units had two capacitors, two resistors and a transformer. It was easy to see with the naked eye that these components were not the same. In the opinion of the engineer, with the different materials and components, it suggested that Apple had more concern for the user, with the use of components for rechecking current and voltage. The Apple unit has better design, components and built-in protection. The Pisen unit will work effectively in normal situations, but may have some risk if used with an iPhone because it is simple and does not have the same protections as an Apple device. Not all devices are created equal. Graham K. Rogers of Mahidol University's Engineering Faculty, has OS X flavoured web pages at www.extensions.in.th/index4.html and he can be followed on Twitter (@extensions_th) Apple charger with Pisen item. Photo: Graham K. Rogers Disassembly and circuitry of Pisen charger. Photo: Phater Jaengarun Breaking into the Apple charger. Photo: Phater Jaengarun Disassembly of Apple charger. Photo: Phater Jaengarun Pisen device in the original packaging. Photo: Graham K.Rogers RECOMMENDED STORIES Samsung: Batteries only problem with fire-prone Note 7s PromptPay C2C transfer imminent China sets up $14.6bn internet investment fund Handyman app Fixzy headed for heartland Facebook Live irks operators TAT enlists Facebook to spread word Joox sees future in live music streaming Tax incentives planned for digital park TechStar aids IT job hunt with Line app Most Viewed 16,023 Uber delivers food in Bangkok 14,401 PromptPay C2C transfer imminent 11,722 Facebook Live irks operators 10,588 TAT enlists Facebook to spread word 9,886 TechStar aids IT job hunt with Line ... Recent TECH Articles New MNP system speeds up process Adobe capitalises on rising digital marketing spending China attacks VPNs, censor-beating software Do you like the content of this article? Like dislike 6 liked & 1 people disliked it Share this article 0 0 More + Republishing permission Print this MOST RECENT 03:58 Sir Alex: Rooney record 'unbeatable' 03:02 Saris swirl at rare Pakistan transgender party 02:24 Oscars go gaga for 'La La Land' 01:39 Hong Kong to return Singapore troop carriers 22:15 Availability of Rolls-Royce bribe takers list in question 22:02 Government under fire over QSNCC contract extension 20:54 Polanski quits French film jury after outcry 20:46 Dubai probes disabled centre over Kardashian visit 0 people commented about the above Readers are urged not to submit comments that may cause legal dispute including slanderous, vulgar or violent language, incorrectly spelt names, discuss moderation action, quotes with no source or anything deemed critical of the monarchy. More information in our terms of use. Please use our forum for more candid, lengthy, conversational and open discussion between one another. Latest Oldest Most replied to Most liked Most disliked Click here to view more comments Thank you for sharing your comment Please be aware that all comments will be looked at by the web moderating team and we reserve the right to approve or reject comments at our discretion. What's your comment? I acknowledge the rule & regulations Tick here to also post this comment on your facebook wall Please log in or sign up for an account to share your valuable thoughts to the world. Log in Sign up Tweet News & Business Hot topics Special reports Opinion Spectrum Politics Business Asia Focus Finance Technology Property Sports Asean World Travel & Lifestyle Travel reviews Special features Arts & culture Auto reviews Tech reviews Family & health Tourist & expats info Local destinations Hotel booking Brunch Guru Muse Thailand Guide Restaurants What’s on Business directory Serviced apartments Hotel directory Local destinations Pubs & nightlife Services Video Photos Expat Forums Jobs & career Hotel booking Web search Learning English Polls Today’s info Weather forecast Horoscope Fuel prices Exchange rates Gold prices Our network Post Today M2Fjob M2Fnews Student Weekly Post books International magazines Today’s paper Digital Subscription Report problem Home Delivery Digital archive SMS Stay updated everywhere, anytime with Bangkok Post digital products Mobile Tablets Smart TV E-Newsletters RSS Facebook Twitter © 1996 - 2017 The Post Publishing PLC Terms of use | Republishing permission | Help | Online advertising | Contact us | Tell us what you think | Partnership Close All sections Home News Business Video Photos Opinion Learning Lifestyle Travel Technology Property Auto Jobs Expat forum Thailand Guide Shortcuts Top story Most recent Hot topics Other E-Newspaper Home delivery Digital archive SMS Advertise with us
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Currency Woes Force Apple, Inc. to Increase U.K. App Store Prices At least the iPhone price hike already took place. Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) Jan 17, 2017 at 7:25PM ^DXY data by YCharts. This isn't the first time that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has had to increase international prices in response to currency fluctuations. Generally speaking, the U.S. dollar has been on a multiyear run, strengthening against most of the world's currencies since 2014. In recent memory, we've seen the company adjust prices in Russia following incredible volatility of the ruble in 2014, followed by Canada, Australia, and the European Union in 2015. Importantly, currency risks aren't going away anytime soon, considering the fact that roughly two-thirds of Apple's business comes from abroad. Following the U.K.'s historic decision last summer to exit the European Union, the pound has taken an utter beating relative to the dollar. The pound's weakening is largely in response to concerns around the economic impacts of Brexit combined with capital outflows coming out of U.K.  USD/GBP exchange rate. Image source: XE.com. Annotation by author. In response to the pound's continued weakness, Apple has been forced to increase prices in its U.K. App Store by approximately 25%. This isn't a decision that Apple takes lightly; it knows that pricing volatility is bad for consumers, and price increases naturally hurt local demand. "We price our products in a way that is in general reflective of pricing here in the United States and it's a pricing that we want to keep in place for reasonable periods of time," CFO Luca Maestri noted on a 2014 earnings call. "We do not like to make sudden changes to our pricing." But Apple has to balance its own financial needs with those of consumers, and if the fluctuations are beyond the scope of its currency hedging program, it has little choice but to adjust prices in order to preserve its financials. The more important price hike is already in the rearview mirror The silver lining for investors is that adjusting App Store prices will likely have a pretty small impact on the business. Remember, this is for digital content that the U.K. installed base purchases over time, which subsequently gets accounted for in Apple's services segment. We don't know the size of Apple's installed base in the U.K., but it's not really a large country overall relative to other markets, with a current population of approximately 65 million. Image source: Apple. More importantly, Apple already increased the prices for its actual products last year, a couple months after the Brexit vote. In September, Apple increased iPhone and iPad prices, including for the new iPhone 7; the hikes ranged from 30 pounds to 60 pounds. Macs saw more meaningful increases in October, given the higher prices for computers. The Mac Pro saw a price increase of a gut-wrenching 500 pounds. Those price hikes were far more painful for U.K. customers. Europe isn't a growth market for Apple (sales up just 3% in the third quarter), but hopefully those price increases didn't hurt Apple's sales during the holiday shopping season too badly. Apple reports fourth-quarter results at the end of the month. Evan Niu, CFA owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) Evan is a Senior Technology Specialist at The Motley Fool. He was previously a Senior Trading Specialist at a major discount broker, and worked briefly at Tesla Motors. Evan graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, and is a CFA charterholder. Follow @TMFNewCow Article Info Jan 17, 2017 at 7:25PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $119.97 down $0.11 (-0.09%) Read More How This Apple Inc. Supplier Created Hundreds of Thousands of Jobs in the United States Why 2017 Will Be the Year of the Virtual Assistant Does This Apple, Inc. Stock Recovery Have Legs? Is This Apple Inc. iPhone 8 Rumor True? Welcome Back, Apple TV Speculation Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Currency Woes Force Apple, Inc. to Increase U.K. App Store Prices @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Apple Expected To Ship 15 Million MacBooks In 2017 By Tyler Lee on 01/17/2017 17:26 PST According to the figures released by Gartner about a week ago, it was revealed that Apple got a small boost in its Q4 2016 market share thanks to its new MacBook Pros. This is despite the fact that the new laptops are incredibly expensive and are lacking certain features that customers have been asking for, such as 32GB RAM options. That being said despite these complaints, Apple is expected to ship more units than ever this year. This is according to China’s Economic Daily News in which it was predicted that Apple could end up shipping 15 million MacBooks in 2017. This is supposed to represent a 10% increase from last year (suggesting a higher demand), which apparently will be achieved by 2017’s MacBook Pro refresh which is said to offer up 32GB of RAM and is also apparently cheaper. Whether or not that is true remains to be seen, but combine that with the rumors of Intel’s Kaby Lake processor, it could finally be the laptop that MacBook Pro users have been asking for. That being said let’s not forget that Apple is also expected to refresh its 12-inch Retina MacBook which was last refreshed in April 2016, which means that we’ll probably be seeing another refresh in the coming months, although right now we’re not sure what we might be able to expect from it. Filed in Apple >Computers. Read more about laptops and Macbook. Related Articles 2017-01-16 macOS Beta Warns If Display Brightness Affects MacBook Battery Life 2017-01-02 Apple Announces Chinese New Year Promotions 2016-12-20 Apple’s Mac Development Has Reportedly Taken A Backseat 2016-12-19 Apple Offering Last-Minute Christmas Shoppers Free Next-Day Shipping 2016-11-03 Snapnator Brings MagSafe Back To The MacBook 2016-11-01 Future MacBook Pros Could Sport OLED Screens 2016-11-01 MacBook Shipments Could See 15-25% Decline Due To Expensive New Models 2016-09-15 Is Apple Planning On Eliminating The Headphone Jack On MacBooks? Your Netflix Binge Watching Isn’t Doing The Environment Any Favors Hasbro Is Letting You Vote For Monopoly’s New Tokens Online Nintendo Hid A Message For Hackers In The NES Classic Final Fantasy XV Glitch Exposes Unexplored, Unused Areas In The Game Razer Confirms Two Prototypes Were Stolen At CES Valve Apparently Prototyped Half-Life 3 As An RTS Tim Cook Teases ‘The Best Is Yet To Come’ For The iPhone Retro-bit Brings Nintendo’s Game Boy Back From The Dead User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Seinfeld’s ‘Comedians In Cars Getting Coffee’ Will Be Coming To Netflix By Tyler Lee on 01/17/2017 17:26 PST Like tech videos? Subscribe to Ubergizmo on Youtube With Apple acquiring the rights to James Corden’s “Carpool Karaoke”, it seems that Netflix doesn’t want Apple to have all the fun because in a report from Variety, they have learnt that it seems that Jerry Seinfeld’s “Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee” could be coming to Netflix later this year. Prior to this, the show had been streaming on Sony’s Crackle service thanks in part to Seinfeld’s relationship with Sony back in the day where the “Seinfeld” TV series was produced by Sony Pictures Television. However it will now be making the jump to Netflix where Netflix subscribers can look forward to 24 new exclusive episodes. This deal with Netflix will also see Seinfeld film two new stand-up specials that will also be exclusive to the platform. In a statement released by Seinfeld, “When I first started thinking about ‘Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee,’ the entire Netflix business model consisted of mailing out DVDs in envelopes. I love that we are now joining together, both at very different points. I am also very excited to be working with Ted Sarandos at Netflix, a guy and a place that not only have the same enthusiasm for the art of stand up comedy as I do, but the most amazing technology platform to deliver it in a way that has never existed before. I am really quite charged up to be moving there.” The new episodes and series is expected to begin airing on Netflix late 2017, but no specific dates have been mentioned yet. Filed in General. Read more about Entertainment and Netflix. Related Articles 2017-01-22 House Of Cards Season 5 Release Date Confirmed 2017-01-19 Netflix Original Content Driving Impressive Subscriber Growth 2017-01-18 Netflix Can Now Be Played Directly In Apple’s TV App (Sort Of) 2017-01-18 Hulu Offline Playback Arrives Soon 2017-01-10 Your Netflix Binge Watching Isn’t Doing The Environment Any Favors 2016-12-06 Netflix Dynamic Previews Go Live For Original Content Your Netflix Binge Watching Isn’t Doing The Environment Any Favors Hasbro Is Letting You Vote For Monopoly’s New Tokens Online Nintendo Hid A Message For Hackers In The NES Classic Final Fantasy XV Glitch Exposes Unexplored, Unused Areas In The Game Razer Confirms Two Prototypes Were Stolen At CES Valve Apparently Prototyped Half-Life 3 As An RTS User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments

Login All Reviews Editorials News How to Make Your Amazon Echo Respond to 'Computer' Instead of 'Alexa' Yoky Matsuoka Left Apple to Return to Nest Apple Patches 8 Security Flaws in Apple TV with tvOS 10.1.1 Tips macOS Sierra: PiPifier Gives You Picture-in-Picture For All Videos How to Factory Reset Apple AirPods, May Help with Battery and Pairing Issues Podcasts iPhone 8 and Contactless Charging - TMO Daily Observations 2017-01-24 TMO Background Mode: Interview with 9News/KUSA TV Anchor/Reporter Kyle Clark View All Results → V-Moda Crossfade LP2 Headphones Sweat the Details iKlip Grip Pro an Excellent Multifunction Tripod, Monopod, Selfie Stick Minix NEO C Mini USB-C to HDMI: Low Cost, Low Weight Just Mobile's AluCharge 4-Port USB-A Charger Falls Just Short Matias Wireless Aluminum Keyboard: The Apple Keyboard You've Been Looking For View All Reviews → Your Apple Watch Could Eventually Become a Complete BioMed Lab Apple's Multiple OS Family Used to Be a Good Idea Automatic Photo Enhancement by Photolemur for Mac Apple's Underappreciated Technical Evolution 9th Circuit Allows App Store 'Monopoly' Class Action against Apple to Proceed View All Editorials → Managing Photos, Fixing Your Apple Watch & Resolving Network Issues – Mac Geek Gab 640 John F. Braun & Dave Hamilton @johnfbraun · +John F. Braun · @DaveHamilton · + & Dave Hamilton Jan 17th, 2017 6:09 PM EST | Mac Geek Gab Podcast Migrating Photos to a new Mac, managing and syncing your family’s photos, speeding up iOS Spotlight searches, fixing an unresponsive Digital Crown on your Apple Watch and resolving website loading delays are just some of the things you’ll learn from your two favorite geeks in this week’s show! Listen as Dave Hamilton and John F. Braun answer your questions and solve your problems. MP3 Feed AAC Feed Feedback Managing Photos, Fixing Your Apple Watch & Resolving Network Issues – Mac Geek Gab 640 6:09 PM Jan. 17th, 2017 — Download: MP3 Version | AAC Version Migrating Photos to a new Mac, managing and syncing your family’s photos, speeding up iOS Spotlight searches, fixing an unresponsive Digital Crown on your Apple... Sponsors Sponsor: Blue Apron: Visit blueapron.com/mgg to check out this week’s menu and get your first three meals free on your first order! Free shipping, too! Sponsor: BBEdit: BBEdit is the leading professional-strength HTML and text editor for the Macintosh. A text power tool for everyone! Note: Shownotes are complete! Chapters/Timestamps/Stuff mentioned: 00:00:00 Mac Geek Gab 640 for Tuesday, January 17, 2017 00:02:04 John takes Dave’s advice (Optimum Online Tiers including John’s new Ultra 100) 00:05:20 Manage Your QoS 00:07:55 Greg-QT-Speed up iOS Spotlight Search  00:10:46 Ken-Fixing unresponsive Apple Watch Digital Crown 00:12:05 Jim-Apple Watch not charging? Could be the Charger 00:15:37 Right-angle charging cables 00:18:04 SPONSOR: Bare Bones – BBEdit 30-day free trial … can be extended forever! 00:21:23 SPONSOR: Blue Apron – 3 Meals Free with MGG 00:24:20 Daniel-Migrating Photos Library to new Mac OS X: Manually migrating data from another Mac 00:32:55 David-Managing and Syncing Family Photos 00:39:41 Kirit-Delays when loading websites 00:46:44 Paul-Most secure routers 00:52:27 Todd-Measuring (Mesh) Wi-Fi Performance Testing with iperf 01:05:55 Charles-Adding a wireless access point NETGEAR EX7300 Wireless Extender 01:13:34 Terry-Show App’s Keyboard Shorcuts CheatSheet 01:16:00 Tanel-Heat issues in closed-display/clamshell Mode? Use your Mac notebook computer in closed-display mode with an external display The Mac Geek Gab iPhone app You’re downloading today’s show from CacheFly’s network BackBeat Media Podcast Network MacGeekGab AAC Enhanced Feed – Thanks to Michael Johnston of The iOS Show and Applr. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Email Print Tumblr Tags: Apple Watch, Bluetooth headphones, firewall, photos, router, security, Spotlight Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials iPhone 8 May Sport Wireless Charging, But it Won't Come From Energous Jeff Gamet | January 24, 2017 Your Apple Watch Could Eventually Become a Complete BioMed Lab John Martellaro | January 20, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Are you the Resident Geek for your friends, family and co-workers? If so, you might enjoy hanging out with other like-minded folks on the Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group. Come join the fun! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $119.97 -0.11 (-0.09%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store 9528 John F. Braun mac-geek-gab 0 1484676548 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Login All Reviews Editorials News How to Make Your Amazon Echo Respond to 'Computer' Instead of 'Alexa' Yoky Matsuoka Left Apple to Return to Nest Apple Patches 8 Security Flaws in Apple TV with tvOS 10.1.1 Tips macOS Sierra: PiPifier Gives You Picture-in-Picture For All Videos How to Factory Reset Apple AirPods, May Help with Battery and Pairing Issues Podcasts iPhone 8 and Contactless Charging - TMO Daily Observations 2017-01-24 TMO Background Mode: Interview with 9News/KUSA TV Anchor/Reporter Kyle Clark View All Results → V-Moda Crossfade LP2 Headphones Sweat the Details iKlip Grip Pro an Excellent Multifunction Tripod, Monopod, Selfie Stick Minix NEO C Mini USB-C to HDMI: Low Cost, Low Weight Just Mobile's AluCharge 4-Port USB-A Charger Falls Just Short Matias Wireless Aluminum Keyboard: The Apple Keyboard You've Been Looking For View All Reviews → Your Apple Watch Could Eventually Become a Complete BioMed Lab Apple's Multiple OS Family Used to Be a Good Idea Automatic Photo Enhancement by Photolemur for Mac Apple's Underappreciated Technical Evolution 9th Circuit Allows App Store 'Monopoly' Class Action against Apple to Proceed View All Editorials → iOS Tip: Create Your Own Live Wallpaper with LivePapers Andrew Orr @orrandrew91 · +Andrew Orr Jan 17th, 2017 6:19 PM EST | Tips When Apple announced the iPhone 6s, they debuted a new way to interact with your iPhone, called 3D Touch. 3D Touch lets you “peek” and “pop” your way around apps. The company also introduced Live Photos—animated pictures that you capture and bring to life by 3D touching the photo. Apple provided a handful of Live wallpapers to use, but many people wondered if it was possible to make your own. That’s what we’ll explore in this tip. LivePapers You can easily make your own live wallpaper with an app called LivePapers. It’s $1.99 in the App Store, and it lets you turn any still photo into a Live Photo, which you can then set as a wallpaper. Once you’re in the app, select the photo you’d like to turn into a Live wallpaper. Center the image to your liking, then tap Next. 3D Touch the screen by pressing down in order to get a preview of the wallpaper. Tap the wand icon in the lower left corner to choose between the animation effects. Tap Save to export it to your Camera Roll. Choosing an animation Once the photo has been saved, go to Settings > Wallpaper > Choose a new wallpaper to find it. Note that this will only work on iPhone 6s or later. As long as your iPhone has 3D Touch, this method will work for you. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Email Print Tumblr Tags: 3D Touch, how-to, iPhone, Live Photos, Live wallpapers, LivePapers Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials iPhone 8 May Sport Wireless Charging, But it Won't Come From Energous Jeff Gamet | January 24, 2017 Your Apple Watch Could Eventually Become a Complete BioMed Lab John Martellaro | January 20, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Are you the Resident Geek for your friends, family and co-workers? If so, you might enjoy hanging out with other like-minded folks on the Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group. Come join the fun! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $119.97 -0.11 (-0.09%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » How to Make Your Amazon Echo Respond to 'Computer' Instead of 'Alexa' Yoky Matsuoka Left Apple to Return to Nest Apple Patches 8 Security Flaws in Apple TV with tvOS 10.1.1 Apple Releases Sierra 10.12.3 Update with Fixes for PDF, MacBook Pro with Touch Bar, Security, More Apple releases iOS 10.2.1 and watchOS 3.1.3 with Security Updates Recent Tips See All » macOS Sierra: PiPifier Gives You Picture-in-Picture For All Videos How to Factory Reset Apple AirPods, May Help with Battery and Pairing Issues How To Watch The Inauguration on Apple TV and Online iOS Tip: Avoid Charging Your Wet iPhone 7/7 Plus macOS: Taking Timed Screenshots Recent Editorials See All » Your Apple Watch Could Eventually Become a Complete BioMed Lab Apple's Multiple OS Family Used to Be a Good Idea Automatic Photo Enhancement by Photolemur for Mac Apple's Underappreciated Technical Evolution 9th Circuit Allows App Store 'Monopoly' Class Action against Apple to Proceed 9548 Andrew Orr how-to 0 1484677188 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Login All Reviews Editorials News How to Make Your Amazon Echo Respond to 'Computer' Instead of 'Alexa' Yoky Matsuoka Left Apple to Return to Nest Apple Patches 8 Security Flaws in Apple TV with tvOS 10.1.1 Tips macOS Sierra: PiPifier Gives You Picture-in-Picture For All Videos How to Factory Reset Apple AirPods, May Help with Battery and Pairing Issues Podcasts iPhone 8 and Contactless Charging - TMO Daily Observations 2017-01-24 TMO Background Mode: Interview with 9News/KUSA TV Anchor/Reporter Kyle Clark View All Results → V-Moda Crossfade LP2 Headphones Sweat the Details iKlip Grip Pro an Excellent Multifunction Tripod, Monopod, Selfie Stick Minix NEO C Mini USB-C to HDMI: Low Cost, Low Weight Just Mobile's AluCharge 4-Port USB-A Charger Falls Just Short Matias Wireless Aluminum Keyboard: The Apple Keyboard You've Been Looking For View All Reviews → Your Apple Watch Could Eventually Become a Complete BioMed Lab Apple's Multiple OS Family Used to Be a Good Idea Automatic Photo Enhancement by Photolemur for Mac Apple's Underappreciated Technical Evolution 9th Circuit Allows App Store 'Monopoly' Class Action against Apple to Proceed View All Editorials → Former Apple Engineer Claims Tim Cook Made Apple Boring Bryan Chaffin @TMOBryan · +Bryan Chaffin Jan 17th, 2017 6:44 PM EST | Cool Stuff Found Former Apple engineer Bob Burrough has been arguing that CEO Tim Cook has made Apple boring. In a combination of tweet storm and an interview with CNBC stemming from said tweetstorm, the engineer said Mr. Cook has eliminated conflict within Apple, sapping its vitality in the process. Mr. Burrough argued that Steve Jobs ruled with ever-shifting chaos, where product triumphed over hierarchy. Under Tim Cook, he said, Apple is siloed, smooth, and essentially complacent. Former Apple wunderkind Tony Fadell coincidentally tweeted just last week that Steve Jobs did not manage through conflict, and others have taken issue with Mr. Burrough, too. The reality is that any one person’s perspective never tells the whole tale, but his opinions make for an interesting read. You can see the whole tweetstorm in this tweet and in the CNBC story. @JohnKirk @asymco The very first thing Tim did as CEO was convert Apple from a dynamic change-maker into a boring operations company. — ᴮᵒᵇ ᴮᵘʳʳᵒᵘᵍʰ (@bob_burrough) January 16, 2017 Check It Out: Former Apple Engineer Claims Tim Cook Made Apple Boring Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Email Print Tumblr Tags: Apple, Steve Jobs, Tim Cook 4 Comments Add a comment JustCause January 18, 2017 Misspelling Former Apple engineer Bob Borrough —> Former Apple engineer Bob Burrough January 18, 2017 at 2:18 EST AM Bryan Chaffin January 18, 2017 Thanks. 👍🏻 January 18, 2017 at 4:05 EST AM Lee Dronick January 18, 2017 AAPL up on news that Apple is boring 😀 January 18, 2017 at 9:58 EST AM MarcusNewton January 18, 2017 I think Tim Cook did the right thing in the long run. Conflict and chaos might be good for a small company or start-up, but a large multi-national company needs smooth operations. January 18, 2017 at 11:48 EST PM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials iPhone 8 May Sport Wireless Charging, But it Won't Come From Energous Jeff Gamet | January 24, 2017 Your Apple Watch Could Eventually Become a Complete BioMed Lab John Martellaro | January 20, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Have a tech question? Visit our Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group and have the tech support brilliance of the entire Mac Geek Gab community at your fingertips! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $119.97 -0.11 (-0.09%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » How to Make Your Amazon Echo Respond to 'Computer' Instead of 'Alexa' Yoky Matsuoka Left Apple to Return to Nest Apple Patches 8 Security Flaws in Apple TV with tvOS 10.1.1 Apple Releases Sierra 10.12.3 Update with Fixes for PDF, MacBook Pro with Touch Bar, Security, More Apple releases iOS 10.2.1 and watchOS 3.1.3 with Security Updates Recent Tips See All » macOS Sierra: PiPifier Gives You Picture-in-Picture For All Videos How to Factory Reset Apple AirPods, May Help with Battery and Pairing Issues How To Watch The Inauguration on Apple TV and Online iOS Tip: Avoid Charging Your Wet iPhone 7/7 Plus macOS: Taking Timed Screenshots Recent Editorials See All » Your Apple Watch Could Eventually Become a Complete BioMed Lab Apple's Multiple OS Family Used to Be a Good Idea Automatic Photo Enhancement by Photolemur for Mac Apple's Underappreciated Technical Evolution 9th Circuit Allows App Store 'Monopoly' Class Action against Apple to Proceed 9590 Bryan Chaffin cool-stuff-found 4 1484678684 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
News Sports Life AV Review LV Leader Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Homes Classifieds Site Archive More details emerge on fatal Hwy 18 pedestrian crash Tuesday Jan 17, 2017 at 5:11 PM Jan 17, 2017 at 5:11 PM Paola Baker Staff Writer @DP_PaolaBaker APPLE VALLEY — Authorities have released more details on the crash that killed a pedestrian on Highway 18 last Friday. John Reed, 71, of Apple Valley, was identified as the man who died after he was struck by a vehicle on Highway 18. The crash shut down a portion of the highway for hours as authorities investigated the scene. Although the incident was initially being investigated as a hit-and-run crash, Apple Valley Sheriff’s Station spokeswoman Trish Hill said the driver believed to be responsible did return to the scene later that night. “She was a Spanish speaker and was very distraught when it happened,” Hill said on Tuesday. “She was also frightened that as a Spanish speaker no one would understand what she was saying, so she left to get someone to help her translate before she returned to the scene.” Hill said the woman didn’t see Reed on the roadway and was unable to avoid striking him. Reed was reportedly not using a crosswalk when the incident occurred. Reed's daughter told the Daily Press on Monday that her father, who had lived in Apple Valley for roughly eight years, was walking a dog that was not injured in the collision. The woman’s identity and a description of her vehicle weren’t provided on Tuesday, but Hill said it didn’t appear that alcohol, drugs or speed were factors in the crash. No arrests were made and no other injuries were reported. The Apple Valley Sheriff's Station Major Accident Investigation Team is conducting the investigation and anyone with information is urged to contact the Apple Valley Sheriff's station at 760-240-7400. Paola Baker may be reached at 760-955-5332 or PBaker@VVDailyPress.com. Follow her on Twitter at @DP_PaolaBaker. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Lucerne Valley Leader Apple Valley Review Subscriber E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Autos Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
M³ CLL Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Video Is Kubernetes a little too terrifying? Platform9 has a safe space for you US govt can't stop Microsoft taking its Irish email seizure fight to the Supreme Court Yahoo! boo! hoo! hoo!: Verizon! hits! brakes! on! $4.8bn! biz! gobble! We're not quitting the UK: Microsoft quashes Brexit fake news Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH US Army's spun-off GPU database gets ready for more matrix operations Spun-out Nexsan now prowling the market for growth and acquisitions IBM: We're not putting XIV on the cart Shocked, I tell you. BT to write off £530m over 'improper' Italian accounts practices Oh, the things Vim could teach Silicon Valley's code slingers Solaris 11.next plan brings continuous delivery of OS upgrades Google hardwires its Android app store into new Chromebooks Resistence is futile: HPE must face Oracle over Solaris IP US govt can't stop Microsoft taking its Irish email seizure fight to the Supreme Court UK courts experiencing surge in cyber-crime case load Penguins force-fed root: Cruel security flaw found in systemd v228 DDoSing has evolved in the vacuum left by IoT's total absence of security UK.gov still drowning in legacy tech because no one's boarding Blighty's £700m data centre Ark UK.gov departments are each clinging on to 100 terabytes of legacy data Digital transformation?! Your boss's PowerPoint New Year resolution, deconstructed Tech committee slams UK.gov for dithering over digital strategy Is Kubernetes a little too terrifying? Platform9 has a safe space for you Continuous Lifecycle London: Save over 25% with early bird tickets SporeStack: Disposable, anonymous servers, via Bitcoin and Python Oracle slurps enterprise cloud API wrangler Apiary Policy The Channel Yahoo! boo! hoo! hoo!: Verizon! hits! brakes! on! $4.8bn! biz! gobble! We're not quitting the UK: Microsoft quashes Brexit fake news Jinn workers besiege delivery app co-founder to protest wage changes Brexit, schmexit: Christmas sales up 4 per cent at Dixons Carphone 2014: El Reg booze lab proves Bluetooth breathalyzers are crap. 2017: US govt agrees Samsung Galaxy S8 will be a no-show at MWC, exec says Samsung set a fire under battery-makers to make the Galaxy Note 7 flaming brilliant DirecTV Now plagued with faults, but uptake not slowing SPB Geek's Guide We've found a ‘vaccine’ for fake news. Wait! No, we really are Cambridge researchers Korean boffins vow 1,000km-an-hour supertrain NASA fires first shot in plan to bring a chunk of asteroid down to Earth Euro space agency's Galileo satellites stricken by mystery clock failures Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Verizon waves its IoT credentials, boasts of adopting US-centric one 'It will go wrong. There's no question of time... on safety or security side' Nuclear power station sensors are literally shouting their readings at each other Yes, just what they need: Curious Dr MISFA injects a healthy dose of curiosity into robots Verity Stob Irish townsfolk besieged by confused smut channel callers Batman v Superman leads Razzie nominations Make America, wait, what again? US Army may need foreign weapons to keep up Annoyingly precocious teen who ruined Trek is now an asteroid More like this Apple Monopoly Qualcomm Ftc Personal Tech US watchdog sues Qualcomm for 'bribing' Apple to swallow chips Snapdragon biz broke monopoly laws, FTC claims in bombshell lawsuit 18 Jan 2017 at 00:29, Shaun Nichols America's trade watchdog the FTC has sued Qualcomm, alleging the California-based biz trampled over US laws on fair competition. The three-count complaint [PDF] accuses the chip designer of strong-arming smartphone makers (cough, cough, Apple) into dodgy deals by abusing its war chest of patents. Qualcomm designs not only the Snapdragon processors used in countless Android-powered handhelds, but also the baseband electronics needed by phones and other devices to connect to cellular networks. Crucially, Qualcomm holds a ton of patents on the common protocols and technologies used by phones to communicate. According to the FTC, phone makers were offered a discount if they just used Qualcomm's modems, effectively forcing them to pay extra if they want to use a rival's chipset. And Qualcomm crippled its rivals by refusing to fairly license and share its knowhow, resulting in features missing from competing chips, it is claimed. Thus, Qualcomm screwed over its competitors and made phone manufacturers an offer they couldn't refuse, it is alleged. According to the FTC: Qualcomm "maintains a 'no license, no chips' policy under which it will supply its baseband processors only on the condition that cell phone manufacturers agree to Qualcomm’s preferred license terms." Basically, it is claimed Qualcomm says to its customers: if you ship products with a mix of our modems and a rival's chips, you have to pay extra royalties to us. And if you just use a rival's chipset, that chipset will be hamstrung by being locked out of modern standards that we've patented – so tough luck, get your wallet out if you want to ship a decent product. Qualcomm "refuses to license standard-essential patents to competitors." In other words, Qualcomm is supposed to license its patents fairly and at a reasonable cost to anyone who adopts the standards they cover – but these licenses were withheld from rival chip designers whose baseband processors competed with Qualcomm's. That effectively locked Qualy's competitors out of chunks of the mobile broadband market – it's why Intel's XMM 7360 modem in the iPhone 7 doesn't support CDMA phone networks. (Last year, Apple decided to use a mix of Qualcomm and Intel baseband electronics in the iPhone 7: the Intel modem lacked features found in its Qualcomm counterpart due to patent licensing, resulting in Intel-based iPhones unable to use some network carriers.) Finally, Qualcomm "extracted exclusivity from Apple in exchange for reduced patent royalties." Qualy allegedly bribed Apple to take out a five-year exclusivity deal to use only its baseband chips in tens of millions of iOS handsets and tablets sold from 2011 to 2016. And before that, in 2007, Qualcomm also allegedly bribed Apple with rebates: if the iGiant stuck just to Qualcomm's chips, and didn't implement the Intel-championed WiMAX standard, it would get a fat refund. Funnily enough, that WiMAX standard is now dead. "By threatening to disrupt cell phone manufacturers' supply of baseband processors, Qualcomm obtains elevated royalties and other license terms for its standard-essential patents that manufacturers would otherwise reject," the FTC alleged. "These royalties amount to a tax on the manufacturers' use of baseband processors manufactured by Qualcomm's competitors – a tax that excludes these competitors and harms competition. "Qualcomm recognized that any competitor that won Apple's business would become stronger, and used exclusivity to prevent Apple from working with and improving the effectiveness of Qualcomm's competitors." The complaint, filed in the northern district of California on Tuesday, seeks a court order that would require Qualcomm to cease all of the infringing activities or run the risk of further penalties. The FTC authorized the filing via a 2-1 vote, with commissioner Maureen Ohlhausen dissenting. Qualcomm says it will "vigorously defend" against the charges. "The portrayal of facts offered by the FTC as the basis for the agency's case is significantly flawed," the chip designer told The Register in an email. "In particular, Qualcomm has never withheld or threatened to withhold chip supply in order to obtain agreement to unfair or unreasonable licensing terms. The FTC's allegation to the contrary – the central thesis of the complaint – is wrong." The words Qualcomm, patent, licensing and dispute are never far apart: the processor designer coughed up a billion dollars in China to make a row over licensing there go away, for example, and it is suing Apple, Samsung, Intel, Broadcom and others for allegedly ganging up on it in South Korea. ® Sponsored: Achieving rapid delivery of high quality software with continuous delivery Tips and corrections 23 Comments Whitepapers Building your DLP strategy and process Forcepoint works with its clients around the world to develop effective strategies and processes for implementing data loss prevention (DLP) programs. Accelerated Computing and the Democratization of Supercomputing This whitepaper provides an analysis on how accelerators like the NVIDIA Tesla P100 can lower data center cost by up to 50%. Make a smart investment in office 365 smarter with box Office 365 marks an important change for both the IT groups that administer Microsofts core toolset and the end users that interact with those tools. Overcoming the Obstacles to the All Flash Datacenter The top 6 challenges that can slow your adoption of all flash technology, and show you how to overcome them. Most read Cisco's WebEx Chrome plugin will execute evil code, install malware via secret 'magic URL' UK.gov still drowning in legacy tech because no one's boarding Blighty's £700m data centre Ark Government to sling extra £4.7bn at R&D in bid to Brexit-proof Britain Samsung set a fire under battery-makers to make the Galaxy Note 7 flaming brilliant Stallman's Free Software Foundation says we need a free phone OS Spotlight Nielsen, eat your heart out: TiVo woos admen with prediction engine Embrace the world of pr0nified IT with wide open, er, arms How Apple exploded Europe's crony capitalism Too much landfill, too little purpose: CES 2017 Mattel's parenting takeover continues with Alexa-like dystopia Speaking in Tech: 'You idiot - you could've done that in 3 clicks' Oh, the things Vim could teach Silicon Valley's code slingers Trumping free trade: Say 'King of Bankruptcy' Ross does end up in charge of US commerce Sponsored links New from Avere - Cloud-Enabled Data Center for Dummies. Download now Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Apple Music Execs Tease ‘Something Very Special’ By Tyler Lee on 01/17/2017 16:37 PST We have recently heard the rumors that Apple is planning to make a big push into original TV shows and movies for Apple Music this year. This rumor was given more credibility when Apple Music head Jimmy Iovine seemed to confirm those plans during a speech in which he suggested that Apple Music is about both audio and video. Now that the cat’s semi-out of the bag, it looks like Apple Music execs are not holding back. In an interview with Complex, Apple Music execs Zane Lowe, Bozoma Saint John, and Larry Jackson spoke about the future of the platform, with Saint John teasing that they were working on something “very special” for it. According to Saint John, “We’re developing something very special and we just want people to pay attention to it. My five-year vision is that I want every single person on the planet to be engaged on Apple Music. I truly believe we’ve created something very, very special. I don’t think anyone else can do this. I will scream from the mountain top until everyone knows.” It is unclear as to what this is or whether or not it is tied to the rumors that Apple Music will soon offer up original video programming which will put it in competition with the likes of Netflix and Amazon. No word on when these new features will be announced, but we wouldn’t be surprised if it made its debut at WWDC 2017 later this year. Filed in Apple >Audio. Read more about apple music, Entertainment and Music. Related Articles 2017-01-18 Tidal Now Lets Users Edit Song Length And Tempo 2017-01-18 CBS Sports Radio Now Available Through Apple Music 2017-01-12 Chrome 56 Adds Support For FLAC Playback 2017-01-11 YouTube Wants Your Help Creating Music Videos For Elton John 2016-12-07 Apple Music Hits 20 Million Paid Subscribers 2016-12-06 Pandora’s Spotify & Apple Music Competitor Officially Announced Your Netflix Binge Watching Isn’t Doing The Environment Any Favors Hasbro Is Letting You Vote For Monopoly’s New Tokens Online Nintendo Hid A Message For Hackers In The NES Classic Final Fantasy XV Glitch Exposes Unexplored, Unused Areas In The Game Razer Confirms Two Prototypes Were Stolen At CES Valve Apparently Prototyped Half-Life 3 As An RTS Tim Cook Teases ‘The Best Is Yet To Come’ For The iPhone Retro-bit Brings Nintendo’s Game Boy Back From The Dead User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Apple might right the sinking MacBook ship this year Chris Smith BGR NewsJanuary 18, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Apple’s Mac business will have a terrific 2017, a new report says. Apple is expected to ship some 15 million laptops this year, or 10% more than last year. Apple’s 2016 MacBook Pro is to “blame” for the increased interest in MacBooks. Additionally, Apple’s upcoming 2017 MacBook and MacBook Pro updates should also convince even more users to upgrade. Don't Miss: You can buy a handgun that looks like an iPhone, and cops are worried Citing Chinese-language site Economic Daily News, Digitimes says that demand is still rather high for the 2016 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar. The laptop is set to get even better later this year, thanks to processor upgrades to Intel Kaby Lake and support of up to 32GB of RAM. Kaby Lake’s low power consumption is expected “to trigger a replacement trend among existing MacBook users,” according to market watchers. The 2016 13-inch MacBook Pro without a Touch Bar will be even cheaper, as Apple looks to increase overall shipments. The device will replace the 13-inch MacBook Air, the same market watchers claimed. Finally, the 12-inch MacBook is also set to receive an update early in the second quarter of the year. Apple will sell a version of the laptop that packs 16GB of RAM. The Kaby Lake-based 13-inch and 15-inch MacBook Pros are expected to hit production early in the third quarter, while the 32GB 15-inch MacBook Pro will hit production a quarter later. These details, yet to be confirmed by Apple, are in line with the predictions of KGI Securities’ Ming-Chi Kuo. Trending right now: The Galaxy S8 might lose the fight against the iPhone before it even launches New Galaxy S8 Plus leak reveals some of the phone’s best features This is the most realistic iPhone 8 concept so far See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next iPhone 7 Plus vs Google Pixel ‘bokeh’ shootout isn’t even close BGR News Save up to 25% on Select LG 4k TVs Best BuySponsored The NES Classic is back in stock at a bunch of Target stores right now BGR News Wristband monitors your blood alcohol content while you drink Yahoo Tech Apple’s new MacBook Pro is on its best sale ever BGR News Switch to Sprint and save 50% Sprint®Sponsored Where to buy the NES Classic Edition Digital Trends Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE iOS 10.3 Will Update Your iPhone's File System to APFS watchOS 3.2 to Bring New Theater Mode, SiriKit, WatchKit Enhancements Pixelmator for iOS On Sale for $0.99 [80% Off] iPhone X Concept Based on Recent iPhone Rumors [Video] Apple Releases iOS 10.3 Beta to Developers With Find My AirPods Feature [Download] Developers Will Soon Be Able to Respond to Customer App Store Reviews Next Generation iPhone to Come With 'Enhanced Siri' [Report] FireCore Releases Infuse 5.2 Bringing Support for DVD Formats, NFS Streaming, Search, More Apple Releases macOS Sierra 10.12.4 Beta to Developers With Night Shift [Download] Apple Releases iOS 10.2.1 [Download] WhatsApp Now Lets You Queue Up Messages for Sending When Offline Apple Releases tvOS 10.2 Beta to Developers With Accelerated Scrolling Support [Download] Samsung Explains Why the Galaxy Note 7 Kept Exploding Google Announces Major Update to Google Voice for iOS, Android, and the Web Apple Releases iTunes 12.5.5 [Download] Apple Releases macOS Sierra 10.12.3 [Download] Apple Releases watchOS 3.1.3 [Download] Leaked Photo of Samsung Galaxy S8 Reveals Smaller Bezels, No Physical Home Button? Apple Releases tvOS 10.1.1 for Apple TV [Download] Samsung Won't Unveil the Galaxy S8 at Mobile World Congress This Year FTC Alleges Qualcomm Extracted Baseband Exclusivity and Prevented Apple From Releasing WiMax iPhone for Partial Royalty Relief LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted January 17, 2017 at 11:49pm by iClarified · 6421 views · Translate The FTC has filed a complaint in federal district court charging Qualcomm with using anticompetitive tactics to maintain its monopoly in the supply of baseband processors used in cellular phones. Notably, a big part of the complaint alleges that Qualcomm extracted baseband processor exclusivity from Apple in exchange for partial royalty relief. The FTC reveals that Apple entered into agreements with Qualcomm in 2007, 2011, and 2013. In the 2007 agreement Qualcomm stipulated that Apple would not sell or license a smartphone that implemented WiMax, a rival technology to LTE. Under a 2007 agreement, Qualcomm agreed to rebate to Apple royalties that Qualcomm received from Apple’s contract manufacturers in excess of a specified per-handset cap. Qualcomm’s payment obligations were conditioned upon, among other things, Apple not selling or licensing a handset implementing the WiMax standard, a prospective fourth-generation cellular standard championed by Intel and opposed by Qualcomm. In subsequent agreements, Qualcomm conditioned royalty relief on Apple exclusively using their baseband processors. ----- Qualcomm and Apple entered into additional agreements in 2011 and 2013. Under these agreements, Qualcomm provided Apple large lump sum payments that constituted partial relief from Qualcomm royalties. Qualcomm conditioned this relief on Apple’s exclusive use of Qualcomm baseband processors in new iPhone and iPad models. Under Qualcomm’s 2011 agreement with Apple, Qualcomm agreed to make substantial incentive payments from 2011 through 2016, explicitly conditioned upon Apple using Qualcomm baseband processors exclusively in all new iPhone and iPad models. If, during this period, Apple launched a new handset with a non-Qualcomm baseband processor, it would forfeit all future payments and, depending on when a handset launched, could be required to refund past payments. Qualcomm’s 2013 agreements with Apple modified and extended the exclusivity arrangement set forth in the companies’ 2011 agreement. Under the 2013 agreements, Qualcomm agreed to rebate to Apple royalties that Qualcomm collected from Apple’s contract manufacturers in excess of modified per-handset caps. Qualcomm’s obligation to make these rebate payments was subject to, among other terms, a new condition—that Apple neither initiate nor induce others to initiate litigation claiming that Qualcomm had failed to offer a license on FRAND terms. Qualcomm also agreed to make substantial incentive payments in 2013, 2014, 2015, and 2016, explicitly conditioned on Apple sourcing baseband processors for new iPad and iPhone models exclusively from Qualcomm. If, during this period, Apple launched a new handset with a non-Qualcomm baseband processor, it would forfeit all future incentive payments and, depending on when a handset launched, could be required to refund past incentive payments. ----- As a result of the terms in its agreements with Qualcomm, Apple sourced baseband processors exclusively from Qualcomm for all new iPad and iPhone products that it launched over the five-year period from October 2011 until September 2016. The new iPhone 7 uses baseband processors from Qualcomm and Intel. The FTC has charged Qualcomm with violating the FTC Act. The complaint alleges that Qualcomm: ● Maintains a “no license, no chips” policy under which it will supply its baseband processors only on the condition that cell phone manufacturers agree to Qualcomm’s preferred license terms. The FTC alleges that this tactic forces cell phone manufacturers to pay elevated royalties to Qualcomm on products that use a competitor’s baseband processors. According to the Commission’s complaint, this is an anticompetitive tax on the use of rivals’ processors. “No license, no chips” is a condition that other suppliers of semiconductor devices do not impose. The risk of losing access to Qualcomm baseband processors is too great for a cell phone manufacturer to bear because it would preclude the manufacturer from selling phones for use on important cellular networks. ● Refuses to license standard-essential patents to competitors. Despite its commitment to license standard-essential patents on FRAND terms, Qualcomm has consistently refused to license those patents to competing suppliers of baseband processors. ● Extracted exclusivity from Apple in exchange for reduced patent royalties. Qualcomm precluded Apple from sourcing baseband processors from Qualcomm’s competitors from 2011 to 2016. Qualcomm recognized that any competitor that won Apple’s business would become stronger, and used exclusivity to prevent Apple from working with and improving the effectiveness of Qualcomm’s competitors. The complaint was approved by a 2 to 1 vote. Notably, the dissenting vote was from Commissioner Maureen K. Ohlhausen who strongly opposes the complaint. "I have been presented with no robust economic evidence of exclusion and anticompetitive effects, either as to the complaint’s core “taxation” theory or to associated allegations like exclusive dealing", says Ohlhausen. "What I have been presented with is simply a possibility theorem." You can read Ohlhausen's full statement of dissent here. Please follow iClarified on Twitter, Facebook, Google+, or RSS for updates. Follow iClarified Comments (1) Add Comment Zapyaforpc - January 21, 2017 at 12:21pm This is really a nice post. Zapya apk 3e3 Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health Mach Tech Science Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing Brexit Referendum Super Bowl TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR College Game Plan Data Points Inspiring America Long Story Short 101 Show Me Flashback 30 Seconds to Know Debunker Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement Tech Apple Gadgets Internet Security Innovation Mobile Tech Jan 12 2017, 9:30 am ET Peter Thiel Agrees: Apple Has Gone Stale by Ben Popken Share Share Tweet Share Comment Email Print advertisement Has Apple gone stale? Tech rogue Peter Thiel thinks so, telling the New York Times this week that he believes "the age of Apple is over." "We know what a smartphone looks like and does," said the Facebook board member, PayPal co-founder, chess prodigy, and Trump transition team member. "It's not the fault of Tim Cook, but it's not an area where there will be any more innovation." Loyal fans agree, citing lackluster "improvements," a lack of innovation, and a year that saw sales fall for the first time since 2001. As Apple celebrates the 10th anniversary of the iPhone, the company appears to have gone into "maintenance mode" while everyone waits for its next big thing to emerge — if ever. Ronan Timoney, a 23-year-old economics and finance student in Ireland, has had Apple laptops since 2010, iPhones since 2011 and an iPad since 2012. As a young, avid Apple user, he's exactly the kind of customer the company should be wooing for their long-term success. But his most recent smartphone purchase was an Android. Play Facebook Twitter Google Plus Embed Apple's iPhone 7 announcement: Will the headphone jack change pay off? 1:58 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog <iframe src="http://www.nbcnews.com/widget/video-embed/760365123587" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> For him, Apple has lost its luster. "Their products have become fashion accessories rather than high-powered gadgets, and prices now outstrip quality," said Timoney. He "will not be buying any Apple products for the foreseeable future," he said. 2016 was a particularly rotten year for Apple. Annual sales fell for the first time since it launched the iPod in 2001, going from a record $234 billion in 2015 to $216 billion. Its new lineup of MacBook Pros this year failed to impress. The best thing about the iPhone 7 is its camera. It also forced users to invest in $159 wireless AirPods, which had a delayed launch, or use an awkward dongle to use their old headphones. Not very "Appley." Core Products for 2017 And what's in store for 2017? Reportedly three new faster iPad models in different sizes as the company tries to fend off other touch-screen phones and computers, but iPad units have declined in 10 of the last 11 quarters. Instead of "thinking different" the company is "thinking slightly better." To be sure, "Apple is a great American success story," but, "a lot of that innovation came from the Steve Jobs era," said Colin Gillis, an analyst at BGC Partners known for his bearish views on the company. CEO Tim Cook is an efficient caretaker but doesn't necessarily have the late Steve Jobs' "founder's fire" that can propel a company past the threshold of what was thought to be possible, said Gillis. "Amazon, Google, Tesla, Netflix, Facebook, what do they have in common? They're all still driven by their founders. They're still able to make big bets and change directions. Is Apple positioned for the next thing?" asked Gillis. Related: Apple's Poor Performance Takes a Bite out of Tim Cook's Salary That's the big question as longtime users and investors wait to see where the company's $2 billion annual increase in research and development has been going and on what acronym it might it plant a flag next. AR? IOT? VR? AI? "What you're seeing is a point where Apple is making a slower transition away from being a company that historically came out with whizzbang products every couple of years to a company that makes great products we all need," said Gene Munster, the co-founder of Loup Ventures, who previously covered Apple as a Piper Jaffray analyst for over a decade and remains bullish. "As they shift resources, you get what happened in 2016: Not that exciting of a product year." Who's Driving Innovation? He thinks the next big things for Apple will be whatever it decides to do in the car space, artificial intelligence, and, according to the kind of Apple rumors that used to capture fanboys' and pundits' imaginations, a foldable phone with bendable glass. But it won't be Apple making the device, countered Gillis. "They're not driving the innovation... Samsung will be the ones who make it." Even hardcore Apple users say they've noticed a change. Apple is becoming more like Microsoft, a former wunderkind that became large, profitable, boring, and angered pro users. Is Microsoft the New Apple? As a Mac user, I.T. manager Dan Fox is used to standing out at his PC-filled office at an Orlando-based engineering firm. "Apple made these gorgeous, sleek, shiny devices that looked like they were from the future," he told NBC News. "They were cooler than anything else on the market and, more importantly, they actually worked better," said the 45-year-old Fox. His family members are all Apple fans too, and their house is full of MacBooks, Apple Watches, iPads, iPhones, Apple TVs, and he even sprang for the AirPods. As of late though, the "cutting edge" upgrades to the Surface and Office 365 have him considering that Microsoft might be becoming the new Apple, with well-built and innovative products, he says, that show an attention to details. He still loves Apple, but says he feels "Improvements are iterative, and it's almost as though Apple is now relying on its brand more than its tech. It feels like they are stalling on innovation to squeeze one more model out with a tiny upgrade. Rinse. Repeat. Things are starting to feel… stale." Ben Popken Twitter Facebook Google Plus Email Topics Apple First Published Jan 11 2017, 9:51 am ET Next Story Happy 10th Birthday, iPhone! What's Next? advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « GM set to invest another Billion Dollars at Several U.S. Plants | Main | Samsung Granted Two Distinctly Different Foldable, Dual Display Smartphone Concept Patents » January 17, 2017 The U.S. Fair Trade Commission Sues Qualcomm for Forcing Apple to use its Chips in iDevices   Last month Patently Apple posted a report titled "Korea's Antitrust Agency Hits Qualcomm with Record $865 Million Fine for Excessive Licensing Fees to Phone Makers." South Korea's Fair trade Commission accused Qualcomm of coercing mobile phone makers, including South Korea's Samsung Electronics and LG Electronics as well as Apple of U.S., to pay excessive licensing fees under unfair conditions set by the company.   The Korean FTC said that Samsung, LG, Apple, Intel, MediaTek, China's Huawei Technologies, and Ericsson of Sweden, participated in its investigation of Qualcomm.   Today Bloomberg reports on the U.S. Fair Trade Commission picking up the ball and filing a similar lawsuit against Qualcomm today accusing the biggest maker of mobile phone chips of illegally maintaining a monopoly over semiconductors used in cellphones and pocketing elevated royalties from customers.   Reportedly the filing notes that Qualcomm Inc. forced Apple Inc. to use its chips exclusively in return for lowering licensing fees, unfairly cutting out competitors, the U.S. said in a lawsuit against the semiconductor company.   The FTC further noted that Qualcomm recognized that any competitor that won Apple's business would become stronger, and used exclusivity to prevent Apple from working with and improving the effectiveness of Qualcomm's competitors.   The lawsuit presents yet another regulatory challenge to Qualcomm's most lucrative business, technology licensing. The chipmaker gets most of its profits from selling the rights to use patents that are essential to all modern mobile phone systems. Qualcomm has argued that its licensing follows industry standards that have been in place for more than 20 years and are used by other companies.   In February 2015 China's National Development and Reform Commission levied a fine of 6 billion yuan ($975 million) on Qualcomm for charging excessive royalties for its third- and fourth-generation telecommunication technology patents. For more on this, read the full Bloomberg report here.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.         Posted by Jack Purcher on January 17, 2017 at 03:58 PM in 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts Samsung Releases a Brief Note 7 Investigation Report / Propaganda Video Supply Chain Claims that VR Headsets and HoloLens Component Orders are Disappointing for 2017 Despite Google's Objections, Samsung Confirms the Galaxy S8 will introduce their Viv-Based Digital Assistant Reality Strikes Samsung as Smartphone Sales Drop to Lowest Level since 2011 Apple Granted 35 Patents Today Covering Apple Watch Smart Links, In-Air Gaming Gesturing and Apple Watch Wall Street Punishes Qualcomm after their Number One Client Apple Sues them for Out of Control Royalties & More Softbank's Sprint Acquires a 33% Stake in Music Service 'Tidal' Apple wins Several Watch Band Design Patents in Hong Kong & Trademarks the Name of their new Design Book Xiaomi Ousts Hugo Barra after the Company's Smartphone Market Share Tanked last Quarter Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related, Indoor Mapping Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
Shopping Jobs Driving Homes Remembering Celebrating Newspapers TV Networks National Post The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen Montreal Gazette Don't Miss: Happening Now Video Centre Live chats Blogs on canada.com canada.com on Facebook Oddities News Happening Now Local National World Oddities Photo Galleries Weather Business Money Markets Mortgages Sports Hockey NHL Video Highlights Football-CFL Football-NFL Baseball Basketball Winter Sports Golf Racing Soccer Tennis MMA Entertainment Celebrity Music Movies Television Books TV Listings Lifestyle Fashion & Beauty Food Parenting Relationships Astrology Health Diet & Fitness Sexual Health Seniors Family & Child Men Women Travel Destinations Technology Gaming Internet Tech-Biz Space Personal Tech         Business Highlights     By The Associated Press January 17, 2017     ___ New prescription: Doctor offices that look like Apple stores SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — After a relative suffered a heart attack a few years ago, Silicon Valley entrepreneur Adrian Aoun got an unsettling look at a health-care system that he diagnosed as an inefficient and outdated mess. Now he believes he has a remedy. It's called Forward, a health-management service that charges a $149 per month — roughly $1,800 a year — to tend to all of its patients' primary-care needs. And not just with attentive doctoring, either; Forward plans to deploy body scanners, sensors, giant touch-screen monitors, infrared devices and other high-tech gizmos that could make a doctor's appointment feel more like a trip to an Apple store. Forward will still refer patients to outside specialists when its primary-care doctors can't deal with certain health problems; same goes for hospital admissions. And there are bound to be health insurance headaches that Forward isn't attempting to address. ___ Tobacco giant to emerge from $49 billion deal LONDON (AP) — British American Tobacco will take over Reynolds American Inc. to create the world's largest publicly traded tobacco company that would seek to capitalize on growing demand for electronic cigarettes in the U.S. and traditional ones in developing countries. BAT, which has a greater global footprint and already sells Dunhill, Rothmans and Lucky Strike cigarettes, is interested in Reynolds' greater market share in the U.S., where use of e-cigarettes is growing fastest. On the other hand, they would be able to market Reynolds' brands like Newport, Camel and Pall Mall across a range of developing economies, where anti-smoking campaigns are not as strong as in the U.S. and Europe. BAT will pay about $49 billion to buy the 57.8 per cent of Reynolds' it doesn't already own. ___ Markets cheer, EU wary as UK PM May signals 'clean Brexit' LONDON (AP) — Britain's future outside the European Union became much clearer Tuesday: It's so long to the single market, goodbye to the European Court of Justice and farewell to the freedom of movement for workers. In a long-awaited speech, Prime Minister Theresa May finally revealed the U.K's hand as it prepares to start EU exit talks. She said the U.K. wants to free itself from EU governance and stop paying millions into its coffers, but still remain friends, allies and tariff-free trading partners with the soon-to-be 27 nation bloc. Pro-Brexit British politicians praised the speech, and the pound rallied from recent lows as May provided more details of the path ahead for the split with the EU — and vowed that Britain would remain "a great global trading nation" open to business and talent from around the world. Others called May's vision wildly ambitious, like a divorcing couple who hope to remain best friends, share the kids and keep each other's front door keys. ___ As US looks inward, China seeks a lead role on world stage DAVOS, Switzerland (AP) — With the U.S. increasingly looking inward and China eager to take a lead on the global stage, Chinese President Xi Jinping on Tuesday cast his country as a champion of free trade and stability, a rebuke to the isolationist urges that helped carry Donald Trump to power. Some of the elites listening in Davos, Switzerland, hailed a statesmanlike, even Barack Obama-like speech from Xi as the first Chinese head of state to attend the World Economic Forum — even if it depicted a Chinese commitment to open markets that falls short of reality. The speech, rife with metaphor and allusions to Ali Baba, Chinese proverbs and even Abraham Lincoln, highlighted a high-brow effort to make a contrast with an incoming U.S. leader whose own words regularly stirred controversy at home and abroad and created new doubts about U.S. leadership in the world. ___ UnitedHealth looks beyond insurance to help fuel 4Q growth The nation's biggest health insurer made most of its money in the fourth quarter by selling things other than health insurance. UnitedHealth Group's Optum division, which manages prescription drug plans, runs doctor practices and analyzes health care data, generated slightly more of a profit than the company's traditional business of selling insurance. Health insurance still brought in most of UnitedHealth's revenue. But analysts who follow the company see more growth potential in Optum and its array of products focused on cutting costs and improving health care, topics more Americans are concerned with as medical costs rise faster than wages and inflation every year. ___ Morgan Stanley beats profit forecasts, helped by trading NEW YORK (AP) — Investment bank Morgan Stanley said its fourth-quarter profits jumped 83 per cent from a year earlier, helped by strong results in its stock and bond trading business. Morgan Stanley said Tuesday it earned $1.67 billion in the fourth quarter, or 81 cents per share, compared with $908 million, or 43 cents per share, in the same period a year ago. The results easily beat analysts' expectations of 65 cents per share. The Wall Street bank's trading desks had a blockbuster quarter, benefiting heavily from the rally in U.S. markets following the U.S. presidential election. Morgan Stanley's institutional securities division, which includes its investment bank and trading operations, reported a pre-tax profit of $1.3 billion compared with $672 million in the same period a year earlier. ___ GM to add or keep 7,000 US jobs, make $1B factory investment General Motors plans to invest $1 billion in U.S. factories and add thousands of new white-collar jobs, measures that have been in the works for years but were announced Tuesday after criticism from President-elect Donald Trump. In all, the Detroit automaker said it will create or keep 7,000 jobs in the next few years, including about 2,000 at factories. Another 5,000 new positions will be created at its auto financing arm and to develop advanced technology, electric and autonomous vehicles and information technology. Trump has demanded the auto industry build more cars in the U.S. GM said these latest actions have been in the works since well before the election, although spokesman Patrick Morrissey acknowledged it's a good time to announce new jobs in the U.S. ___ Wal-Mart to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the US NEW YORK (AP) — Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world's biggest retailer said Tuesday that its plans will also generate about 24,000 construction jobs. The jobs will come from the opening of 59 new, expanded and relocated Wal-Mart and Sam's Club locations as well as e-commerce services that were previously announced. Wal-Mart is opening fewer stores this year, but still adding jobs as it offers more positions in online grocery pickup, trainers for its new academies for hourly workers and construction jobs for remodels. ___ The Dow Jones industrial average fell 58.96 points, or 0.3 per cent, to 19,826.77, cutting into the gain it had made since Donald Trump's surprise victory in November. The Standard & Poor's 500 index fell 6.75, or 0.3 per cent, to 2,267.89. The Nasdaq composite fell 35.39, or 0.6 per cent, to 5,538.73. Benchmark U.S. crude oil rose 11 cents, or 0.2 per cent, to $52.48 per barrel. Brent crude, used to price international oils, fell 39 cents, or 0.7 per cent, to $55.47. Natural gas fell a fraction of a penny to $3.412 per 1,000 cubic feet. Wholesale gasoline fell down 1 cent to $1.60 a gallon. Heating oil flat at $1.65 a gallon, and natural gas declined 1 cent to $3.41 per 1,000 cubic feet.       E-mail this Article Print this Article Share this Article           Story Tools   E-mail this Article Print this Article Share this Article   Font: * * * * *   Image: * * * *     Related Topics   business Morgan Stanley The Associated Press         Business Videos         Most Popular canada.com E-mailed Shared     Sponsored By           FP Business Wire »   FP Business Wire   Tilray Becomes North America’s First GMP Certified Medical Cannabis Producer Global Specialty Paper Market 2017-2021: Key Players are Domtar, Fedrigoni, International Paper, Mondi & Stora Enso - Research and Markets Plains All American Announces Agreements to Acquire Permian Basin Gathering System for $1.2 Billion and to Sell Assets for $380 Million           News Business Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Health Travel Technology Don't Miss: Happening Now Video Centre Live chats Blogs on canada.com canada.com on Facebook Most Popular Formats Sitemap / RSS Contests Blogs Photo Galleries Videos Canada.com About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us FAQs Tools Canada.com Search for a Job Buy / Sell a Car Infomart Place a Classified Ad Newsletters and Alerts Flyercity.ca About canada.com | Privacy Statement | Terms | Copyright & Permissions © 2010-2017 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password: 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Please enter your email below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy
Skip to content Menu Local News Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Business Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Login Subscribe Business Business Highlights Originally published January 17, 2017 at 3:17 pm Share story The Associated Press ___ New prescription: Doctor offices that look like Apple stores SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — After a relative suffered a heart attack a few years ago, Silicon Valley entrepreneur Adrian Aoun got an unsettling look at a health-care system that he diagnosed as an inefficient and outdated mess. Now he believes he has a remedy. It’s called Forward, a health-management service that charges a $149 per month — roughly $1,800 a year — to tend to all of its patients’ primary-care needs. And not just with attentive doctoring, either; Forward plans to deploy body scanners, sensors, giant touch-screen monitors, infrared devices and other high-tech gizmos that could make a doctor’s appointment feel more like a trip to an Apple store. Most Read Stories Shooter sent Facebook message to Breitbart's Milo Yiannopoulos before gunfire at UW protest, police say Man shot at UW no racist, friends insist, despite shooter’s claim Man struck, killed by Link light-rail train in Rainier Valley Trump administration taps 2 Washington state GOP legislators to help reshape EPA We need real solutions to vehicle campers | EditorialUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. Forward will still refer patients to outside specialists when its primary-care doctors can’t deal with certain health problems; same goes for hospital admissions. And there are bound to be health insurance headaches that Forward isn’t attempting to address. ___ Tobacco giant to emerge from $49 billion deal LONDON (AP) — British American Tobacco will take over Reynolds American Inc. to create the world’s largest publicly traded tobacco company that would seek to capitalize on growing demand for electronic cigarettes in the U.S. and traditional ones in developing countries. BAT, which has a greater global footprint and already sells Dunhill, Rothmans and Lucky Strike cigarettes, is interested in Reynolds’ greater market share in the U.S., where use of e-cigarettes is growing fastest. On the other hand, they would be able to market Reynolds’ brands like Newport, Camel and Pall Mall across a range of developing economies, where anti-smoking campaigns are not as strong as in the U.S. and Europe. BAT will pay about $49 billion to buy the 57.8 percent of Reynolds’ it doesn’t already own. ___ Markets cheer, EU wary as UK PM May signals ‘clean Brexit’ LONDON (AP) — Britain’s future outside the European Union became much clearer Tuesday: It’s so long to the single market, goodbye to the European Court of Justice and farewell to the freedom of movement for workers. In a long-awaited speech, Prime Minister Theresa May finally revealed the U.K’s hand as it prepares to start EU exit talks. She said the U.K. wants to free itself from EU governance and stop paying millions into its coffers, but still remain friends, allies and tariff-free trading partners with the soon-to-be 27 nation bloc. Pro-Brexit British politicians praised the speech, and the pound rallied from recent lows as May provided more details of the path ahead for the split with the EU — and vowed that Britain would remain “a great global trading nation” open to business and talent from around the world. Others called May’s vision wildly ambitious, like a divorcing couple who hope to remain best friends, share the kids and keep each other’s front door keys. ___ As US looks inward, China seeks a lead role on world stage DAVOS, Switzerland (AP) — With the U.S. increasingly looking inward and China eager to take a lead on the global stage, Chinese President Xi Jinping on Tuesday cast his country as a champion of free trade and stability, a rebuke to the isolationist urges that helped carry Donald Trump to power. Some of the elites listening in Davos, Switzerland, hailed a statesmanlike, even Barack Obama-like speech from Xi as the first Chinese head of state to attend the World Economic Forum — even if it depicted a Chinese commitment to open markets that falls short of reality. The speech, rife with metaphor and allusions to Ali Baba, Chinese proverbs and even Abraham Lincoln, highlighted a high-brow effort to make a contrast with an incoming U.S. leader whose own words regularly stirred controversy at home and abroad and created new doubts about U.S. leadership in the world. ___ UnitedHealth looks beyond insurance to help fuel 4Q growth The nation’s biggest health insurer made most of its money in the fourth quarter by selling things other than health insurance. UnitedHealth Group’s Optum division, which manages prescription drug plans, runs doctor practices and analyzes health care data, generated slightly more of a profit than the company’s traditional business of selling insurance. Health insurance still brought in most of UnitedHealth’s revenue. But analysts who follow the company see more growth potential in Optum and its array of products focused on cutting costs and improving health care, topics more Americans are concerned with as medical costs rise faster than wages and inflation every year. ___ Morgan Stanley beats profit forecasts, helped by trading NEW YORK (AP) — Investment bank Morgan Stanley said its fourth-quarter profits jumped 83 percent from a year earlier, helped by strong results in its stock and bond trading business. Morgan Stanley said Tuesday it earned $1.67 billion in the fourth quarter, or 81 cents per share, compared with $908 million, or 43 cents per share, in the same period a year ago. The results easily beat analysts’ expectations of 65 cents per share. The Wall Street bank’s trading desks had a blockbuster quarter, benefiting heavily from the rally in U.S. markets following the U.S. presidential election. Morgan Stanley’s institutional securities division, which includes its investment bank and trading operations, reported a pre-tax profit of $1.3 billion compared with $672 million in the same period a year earlier. ___ GM to add or keep 7,000 US jobs, make $1B factory investment General Motors plans to invest $1 billion in U.S. factories and add thousands of new white-collar jobs, measures that have been in the works for years but were announced Tuesday after criticism from President-elect Donald Trump. In all, the Detroit automaker said it will create or keep 7,000 jobs in the next few years, including about 2,000 at factories. Another 5,000 new positions will be created at its auto financing arm and to develop advanced technology, electric and autonomous vehicles and information technology. Trump has demanded the auto industry build more cars in the U.S. GM said these latest actions have been in the works since well before the election, although spokesman Patrick Morrissey acknowledged it’s a good time to announce new jobs in the U.S. ___ Wal-Mart to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the US NEW YORK (AP) — Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world’s biggest retailer said Tuesday that its plans will also generate about 24,000 construction jobs. The jobs will come from the opening of 59 new, expanded and relocated Wal-Mart and Sam’s Club locations as well as e-commerce services that were previously announced. Wal-Mart is opening fewer stores this year, but still adding jobs as it offers more positions in online grocery pickup, trainers for its new academies for hourly workers and construction jobs for remodels. ___ The Dow Jones industrial average fell 58.96 points, or 0.3 percent, to 19,826.77, cutting into the gain it had made since Donald Trump’s surprise victory in November. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index fell 6.75, or 0.3 percent, to 2,267.89. The Nasdaq composite fell 35.39, or 0.6 percent, to 5,538.73. Benchmark U.S. crude oil rose 11 cents, or 0.2 percent, to $52.48 per barrel. Brent crude, used to price international oils, fell 39 cents, or 0.7 percent, to $55.47. Natural gas fell a fraction of a penny to $3.412 per 1,000 cubic feet. Wholesale gasoline fell down 1 cent to $1.60 a gallon. Heating oil flat at $1.65 a gallon, and natural gas declined 1 cent to $3.41 per 1,000 cubic feet. The Associated Press Email Newsletter Sign-up Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Next Story FTC sues Qualcomm alleging monopoly of semiconductor device Previous Story Papermaker NCR agrees to complete Fox River cleanup Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Back to the story
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Home» Feeds» Canadian Press» Business Business Highlights Add to ... The Associated Press Published Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017 6:18PM EST Last updated Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017 6:18PM EST Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print ___ New prescription: Doctor offices that look like Apple stores SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — After a relative suffered a heart attack a few years ago, Silicon Valley entrepreneur Adrian Aoun got an unsettling look at a health-care system that he diagnosed as an inefficient and outdated mess. Now he believes he has a remedy. It's called Forward, a health-management service that charges a $149 per month — roughly $1,800 a year — to tend to all of its patients' primary-care needs. And not just with attentive doctoring, either; Forward plans to deploy body scanners, sensors, giant touch-screen monitors, infrared devices and other high-tech gizmos that could make a doctor's appointment feel more like a trip to an Apple store. Forward will still refer patients to outside specialists when its primary-care doctors can't deal with certain health problems; same goes for hospital admissions. And there are bound to be health insurance headaches that Forward isn't attempting to address. ___ Tobacco giant to emerge from $49 billion deal LONDON (AP) — British American Tobacco will take over Reynolds American Inc. to create the world's largest publicly traded tobacco company that would seek to capitalize on growing demand for electronic cigarettes in the U.S. and traditional ones in developing countries. BAT, which has a greater global footprint and already sells Dunhill, Rothmans and Lucky Strike cigarettes, is interested in Reynolds' greater market share in the U.S., where use of e-cigarettes is growing fastest. On the other hand, they would be able to market Reynolds' brands like Newport, Camel and Pall Mall across a range of developing economies, where anti-smoking campaigns are not as strong as in the U.S. and Europe. BAT will pay about $49 billion to buy the 57.8 per cent of Reynolds' it doesn't already own. ___ Markets cheer, EU wary as UK PM May signals 'clean Brexit' LONDON (AP) — Britain's future outside the European Union became much clearer Tuesday: It's so long to the single market, goodbye to the European Court of Justice and farewell to the freedom of movement for workers. In a long-awaited speech, Prime Minister Theresa May finally revealed the U.K's hand as it prepares to start EU exit talks. She said the U.K. wants to free itself from EU governance and stop paying millions into its coffers, but still remain friends, allies and tariff-free trading partners with the soon-to-be 27 nation bloc. Pro-Brexit British politicians praised the speech, and the pound rallied from recent lows as May provided more details of the path ahead for the split with the EU — and vowed that Britain would remain "a great global trading nation" open to business and talent from around the world. Others called May's vision wildly ambitious, like a divorcing couple who hope to remain best friends, share the kids and keep each other's front door keys. ___ As US looks inward, China seeks a lead role on world stage DAVOS, Switzerland (AP) — With the U.S. increasingly looking inward and China eager to take a lead on the global stage, Chinese President Xi Jinping on Tuesday cast his country as a champion of free trade and stability, a rebuke to the isolationist urges that helped carry Donald Trump to power. Some of the elites listening in Davos, Switzerland, hailed a statesmanlike, even Barack Obama-like speech from Xi as the first Chinese head of state to attend the World Economic Forum — even if it depicted a Chinese commitment to open markets that falls short of reality. The speech, rife with metaphor and allusions to Ali Baba, Chinese proverbs and even Abraham Lincoln, highlighted a high-brow effort to make a contrast with an incoming U.S. leader whose own words regularly stirred controversy at home and abroad and created new doubts about U.S. leadership in the world. ___ UnitedHealth looks beyond insurance to help fuel 4Q growth The nation's biggest health insurer made most of its money in the fourth quarter by selling things other than health insurance. UnitedHealth Group's Optum division, which manages prescription drug plans, runs doctor practices and analyzes health care data, generated slightly more of a profit than the company's traditional business of selling insurance. Health insurance still brought in most of UnitedHealth's revenue. But analysts who follow the company see more growth potential in Optum and its array of products focused on cutting costs and improving health care, topics more Americans are concerned with as medical costs rise faster than wages and inflation every year. ___ Morgan Stanley beats profit forecasts, helped by trading NEW YORK (AP) — Investment bank Morgan Stanley said its fourth-quarter profits jumped 83 per cent from a year earlier, helped by strong results in its stock and bond trading business. Morgan Stanley said Tuesday it earned $1.67 billion in the fourth quarter, or 81 cents per share, compared with $908 million, or 43 cents per share, in the same period a year ago. The results easily beat analysts' expectations of 65 cents per share. The Wall Street bank's trading desks had a blockbuster quarter, benefiting heavily from the rally in U.S. markets following the U.S. presidential election. Morgan Stanley's institutional securities division, which includes its investment bank and trading operations, reported a pre-tax profit of $1.3 billion compared with $672 million in the same period a year earlier. ___ GM to add or keep 7,000 US jobs, make $1B factory investment General Motors plans to invest $1 billion in U.S. factories and add thousands of new white-collar jobs, measures that have been in the works for years but were announced Tuesday after criticism from President-elect Donald Trump. In all, the Detroit automaker said it will create or keep 7,000 jobs in the next few years, including about 2,000 at factories. Another 5,000 new positions will be created at its auto financing arm and to develop advanced technology, electric and autonomous vehicles and information technology. Trump has demanded the auto industry build more cars in the U.S. GM said these latest actions have been in the works since well before the election, although spokesman Patrick Morrissey acknowledged it's a good time to announce new jobs in the U.S. ___ Wal-Mart to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the US NEW YORK (AP) — Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world's biggest retailer said Tuesday that its plans will also generate about 24,000 construction jobs. The jobs will come from the opening of 59 new, expanded and relocated Wal-Mart and Sam's Club locations as well as e-commerce services that were previously announced. Wal-Mart is opening fewer stores this year, but still adding jobs as it offers more positions in online grocery pickup, trainers for its new academies for hourly workers and construction jobs for remodels. ___ The Dow Jones industrial average fell 58.96 points, or 0.3 per cent, to 19,826.77, cutting into the gain it had made since Donald Trump's surprise victory in November. The Standard & Poor's 500 index fell 6.75, or 0.3 per cent, to 2,267.89. The Nasdaq composite fell 35.39, or 0.6 per cent, to 5,538.73. Benchmark U.S. crude oil rose 11 cents, or 0.2 per cent, to $52.48 per barrel. Brent crude, used to price international oils, fell 39 cents, or 0.7 per cent, to $55.47. Natural gas fell a fraction of a penny to $3.412 per 1,000 cubic feet. Wholesale gasoline fell down 1 cent to $1.60 a gallon. Heating oil flat at $1.65 a gallon, and natural gas declined 1 cent to $3.41 per 1,000 cubic feet. This content appears as provided to The Globe by the originating wire service. It has not been edited by Globe staff.   BTI-ABritish American Tobacco PLC Latest Price$119.80 +0.88 (+0.74%) RAI-NReynolds American Inc Latest Price$59.15 +0.27 (+0.46%) MS-NMorgan Stanley Latest Price$42.73 +0.77 (+1.84%) Updated January 24 4:00 PM -5GMT. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. Topics United Kingdom United States of America San Francisco, California Rothmans London Donald Trump European Union British American Tobacco plc Morgan Stanley Reynolds American Inc. Silicon Valley Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} In the know Arts Doyle: Mary Kills People is a killer of a good, provocative drama Globe Investor Trump’s tweets don’t turn out to be useful stock tips Report on Business How to get a business loan Globe Investor Early RRSP withdrawals can have lasting consequences Globe Investor This millennial reluctantly left Toronto for a U.S.-dollar paying job The Globe Recommends {{title}} Most popular videos » Globe Drive The 11 cars worth waiting for in 2017 Report on Business 'Don't blow this opportunity': Don Coxe on Canada's chance to renegotiate NAFTA News Video: As Donald Trump takes office a small town in rural America reflects on their choice for president Technology First self-driving bus line opens in Paris News What you need to know about executive orders, a president's legislative superpower Report on Business Quebec zero-emission vehicle law raises auto industry concerns Arts Oscars go gaga for 'La La Land' with record-tying 14 nods Report on Business Video: Inside the Market: A tool for investors to protect against fluctuating currency markets Globe Drive The three stand-out cars at the Detroit auto show News 'Only America first': Donald Trump's inauguration speech in under four minutes Report on Business Synaptive needed to decide whether to acquire a company or just license its technology Report on Business Trump urges 'big push' to build new auto plants ◀ ● ● ● ▶ Highlights Report on Business One big thing Corby did to improve its sales process Report on Business Niagara Falls seen in an all new light More from The Globe and Mail Report on Business CN posts fourth-quarter gain as agriculture shipments lift freight volumes Arts Oscar-nominated Canadian animators represent snapshot of changing industry Most popular Trump signs Keystone order, wants terms renegotiated Market rarities: Two reasonably priced TSX blue chip dividend stocks This millennial reluctantly left Toronto for a U.S.-dollar paying job What’s happening to NAFTA? A guide to what Trump and Trudeau are doing Court rejects lawsuit to block $15-billion arms deal with Saudi Arabia X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK just a frand-ly competition? — Feds sue Qualcomm for anti-competitive patent licensing Regulators say “no license, no chip” policy amounts to an illegal monopoly. Joe Mullin - Jan 17, 2017 11:55 pm UTC reader comments 71 Share this story The US Federal Trade Commission has charged Qualcomm with violating the FTC Act. The feds say that Qualcomm's patent-licensing policies amount to unfair competition. The FTC's redacted complaint (PDF), filed today, says that Qualcomm maintains a "no license, no chips" policy that forces cell phone to pay high royalties to Qualcomm. Qualcomm is a major supplier of baseband processors, and it also licenses patents that it says are essential to widely adopted cellular standards. According to the FTC complaint, Qualcomm won't sell baseband processors unless a customer takes a license to Qualcomm's standard-essential patents, on Qualcomm's terms. And Qualcomm has refused to license its standard-essential patents to competitors, which the FTC says violates Qualcomm's commitment to license on a "fair, reasonable and non-discriminatory" or FRAND basis. Agreeing to FRAND licensing terms is required by the standard-setting organizations to which Qualcomm belongs. According to the FTC, Qualcomm has also made exclusive deals with Apple that exclude competitors and harm competition. Further ReadingSouth Korea slaps Qualcomm with record-setting $850M fine"By using its monopoly power to obtain elevated royalties that apply to baseband processors supplied by its competitors, Qualcomm in effect collects a 'tax' on cell phone manufacturers when they use non-Qualcomm processors," write FTC lawyers. "This tax weakens Qualcomm's competitors, including by reducing demand for their processors, and serves to maintain Qualcomm's monopoly in baseband processor markets." The complaint, filed in federal court in San Jose, also says that when Apple "sought relief from Qualcomm's excessive royalty burden," Qualcomm laid out a condition—that Apple would exclusively use Qualcomm baseband processors in their products from 2011 to 2016. That denied anyone else who made baseband processors the chance to work with Apple, "a particularly important cell phone manufacturer." The FTC wants a court order that would force Qualcomm to stop what it views as anti-competitive conduct. The Commission voted 2-1 to file the complaint, with Commissioner Maureen K. Ohlhausen taking the unusual step of issuing a written statement (PDF) along with her dissent. In her view, the FTC has filed a "flawed" complaint that "lacks economic and evidentiary support, that was brought on the eve of a new presidential administration, and that, by its mere issuance, will undermine US intellectual property rights in Asia and worldwide." "The complaint fails to allege that Qualcomm charges more than a reasonable royalty," writes Commissioner Ohlhausen. "That pleading failure is no accident; it speaks to the dearth of evidence in this case." The complaint comes just as FTC chairwoman Edith Ramirez has said she will step down in February. President-elect Donald Trump will have three vacancies to fill on the Commission. Under a Republican president, the FTC is expected to include two Democrats and three Republicans, since no more than three commissioners can be from any single party. Qualcomm responded in a statement. It said that it has neither withheld nor threatened to withhold its chips in order to get "unfair or unreasonable licensing terms." The FTC's allegation to the contrary is wrong, according to Qualcomm, and its case is "significantly flawed." "This is an extremely disappointing decision to rush to file a complaint on the eve of Chairwoman Ramirez’s departure and the transition to a new Administration, which reflects a sharp break from FTC practice," said Qualcomm General Counsel Dan Rosenberg. "We look forward to defending our business in federal court, where we are confident we will prevail on the merits." Joe Mullin Joe has covered the intersection of law and technology, including the world's biggest copyright and patent battles, since 2007. Email joe.mullin@arstechnica.com // Twitter @joemullin reader comments 71 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Tuesday, January 24, 2017 11:58 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 23°C, Rain MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Tech/Gadgets Could OLED screen technology be in store for next-gen iPhone? Wednesday January 18, 2017 01:27 PM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: More Chinese heading for trips abroad for Chinese New Year Hamzah: Supply of essential goods still enough in flood-affected areas The Edit: China’s Tanka people watch ancient floating culture vanish The Edit: Rain, Kim Tae-hee honeymoon in Bali Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Apple's most recent handsets, the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, launched in September 2016. ― Reuters picNEW YORK, Jan 18 — 2017 is an important year for Apple, marking the tenth anniversary of the original iPhone’s release. As a result, the next model in the iPhone line-up is particularly eagerly awaited and could bring several new features from Apple, according to leaks reported by various tech websites. In terms of build, the next iPhone is likely to have a stainless steel chassis holding two glass plates. The highest-end model should be in store for an OLED display, offering higher contrast and deeper blacks, as well as a slimmer, more lightweight build compared with LCD technology. OLED also uses less power than classic LCD. The switch to OLED technology could allow Apple to make a first iPhone handset with a certain degree of curvature, like its main rival Samsung’s Galaxy S7 edge. Ultimately, the iPhone 8 could come in three versions: Classic, Plus and curved. Like Samsung, Apple could also be working on a smartphone with a borderless display covering almost all of the device’s front surface, like the Xiaomi Mi Mix, which caused a sensation in 2016. As a result, the iPhone’s traditional “Home” button could be ditched, but Touch ID fingerprint-reading technology and the front-facing camera could be integrated directly into the screen, as suggested by a system already patented by Apple. It’s unclear whether this would be reserved for the OLED model or would come to the full range of handsets. All models are expected to get dust-resistant builds and, for the first time, proper water-resistance for depths up to one meter (IP68 certification). Finally, Apple could bring a wireless charging solution to its smartphone, inspired by the induction charging system the American tech firm already uses for its Apple Watch. Over the years, Apple has traditionally unveiled its new iPhone models in the fall, so the “iPhone 8” isn’t expected before September 2017. — AFP-Relaxnews                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Panasonic launches washing machine for curry stains in India Microsoft claims clients’ rights in FBI email search fight ‘Grand Theft Auto’ man opens new studio Zuckerberg charity buys AI startup to battle disease Latest wearable tech lets you understand your pet’s emotions (VIDEO) WeChat suddenly looks like a threat to the iPhone Samsung confirms battery defects caused Note 7 fires (VIDEO) Mozilla: A new look for a new start? (VIDEO) Arrow 3: Israel's killer missile can strike targets in outer space (VIDEO) AR smart helmet for worksites of the future (VIDEO) Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: Jackie Chan hits Mumbai to promote ‘Kung Fu Yoga’ Reuters Video: Asian TPP nations pledge to save trade deal New international trailer for ‘Guardians of the Galaxy Vol 2’ Reuters Video: Trump sued for defamation by former 'Apprentice' contestant Bloomberg Video: Audi’s Keogh — people really want luxury SUVs Reuters Video: Marketing experts on how best to spend money, time, energy in 2017 Related Articles Is watching a movie on a phone really so bad? KPDNKK rampas iPhone, iPad tiruan lebih RM350,000 10 years of the iPhone in 10 groundbreaking models How China built ‘iPhone City’ with billions in perks for Apple’s partner Top iPhone apps: ‘Bitmoji,’ ‘Hill Climb Racing 2,’ ‘Fight List,’ ‘Coke ON’ Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Google is making a big push to fix some of Android's biggest problems in the fight with iPhone Matt Weinberger Jan. 17, 2017, 8:25 PM 12,951 facebook linkedin twitter email print The Google Pixel phoneHollis Johnson/Business Insider Google wants to import one of its own creations into its home market. The company wants to bring Android One — its three-year-old program partnering with manufacturers to create low-cost phones for emerging markets like India — to the US, reports the Information's Amir Efrati.  Importantly, the Information reports that those phones will come with a guarantee from Google to be updated with the latest Android updates and security fixes for two years from the sale date. Better yet, they'll cost $200-$300, with the first Android One phone coming stateside as soon as this summer, per the report. This is a vital positioning for Google, as more and more Android users move over to the Apple iPhone. Apple has always made a point of making sure that as many older iPhones and iPads as possible come along for the ride with each new update to the iOS operating system. Meanwhile, Android users are often left waiting months or years for updates, if they come at all, with the carriers usually left to decide which phones get which updates, when. It's resulted in Android's well-documented "fragmentation" problem, where apps that work on one phone may not work on another, given the various configurations of software and hardware among the 1.5 billion-ish Android users out there.  Google has already moved to tackle this problem at the high-end of the market, with its Pixel phones — packed to the gills with the very latest Google tech, and with the promise that the search giant itself will push out software updates. It's a small part of the larger battle to reduce fragmentation, and helps boost Android's market perception. Now, it sounds like Google is partnering with unnamed manufacturers via Android One to start to capture the middle of the market, with a similar promise to keep its users up-to-date. According to the report, Google will keep Android manufacturers on board by promising to help fund their phones' marketing, so long as they comply with the plan. Google did not immediately respond to a request for comment.  Visit Markets Insider for constantly updated market quotes for individual stocks, ETFs, indices, commodities and currencies traded around the world. Go Now! SEE ALSO: Why Amazon's Echo is totally dominating — and what Google, Microsoft, and Apple have to do to catch up NOW WATCH: 5 things Google's Pixel phone can do that the iPhone can't Loading video... More: Android Google smartphone Markets Insider facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Google is making a big push to fix some of Android's biggest problems in the fight with iPhone Google is making a big push to fix some of Android's biggest problems in the fight with iPhone Google wants to import one of its own creations... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Hockey great 'King Henrik' Lundqvist on growing up in a tiny Swedish town and his dad's advice to 'dream big' Read Lundqvist's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Apple Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Kite Pharma Inc. (KITE) Shares Sold by Iguana Healthcare Management LLC 35,000 Shares in Ophthotech Corp. (OPHT) Acquired by Iguana Healthcare Management LLC Vertex Pharmaceuticals Inc. (VRTX) Stake Raised by Opus Point Partners Management LLC Clinton Group Inc. Invests $15,376,000 in Mosaic Co. (MOS) General Motors Co. (GM) is Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC’s 8th Largest Position Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC Has $7,552,000 Position in Ford Motor Co. (F) Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC Boosts Stake in HP Inc. (HPQ) Delta Air Lines Inc. (DAL) Stake Increased by Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC Has $4,050,000 Stake in Hormel Foods Corp. (HRL) Mettler-Toledo International Inc. (MTD) Position Held by Opus Point Partners Management LLC inContact Inc. (SAAS) Position Maintained by Clearline Capital LP Viacom Inc. (VIAB) Shares Sold by Clearline Capital LP Rivernorth Capital Management LLC Invests $39,353,000 in Liberty Allstar (USA) OLD Mission Capital LLC Purchases 199,729 Shares of SIBANYE GLD-ADR (SBGL) OLD Mission Capital LLC Acquires Shares of 67,257 National Grid PLC (NGG) OLD Mission Capital LLC Purchases Shares of 198,555 Sasol Ltd. (SSL) Endologix Inc. (ELGX) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Mallinckrodt PLC (MNK) Bonds Trading 1.3% Higher Ionis Pharmaceuticals Inc. (IONS) Position Increased by Virtus ETF Advisers LLC Ontario Teachers Pension Plan Board Has $60,716,000 Stake in Citigroup Inc. (C) Apple Inc. (AAPL) Rating Lowered to Buy at Vetr Inc. January 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) was downgraded by Vetr from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating in a report issued on Tuesday. They currently have a $133.92 target price on the iPhone maker’s stock. Vetr‘s price target points to a potential upside of 11.62% from the company’s current price. Other equities research analysts also recently issued research reports about the stock. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) restated an “in-line” rating on shares of Apple in a research report on Tuesday. Morgan Stanley reiterated an “overweight” rating on shares of Apple in a research report on Tuesday. Raymond James Financial, Inc. reiterated an “outperform” rating on shares of Apple in a research report on Thursday, December 22nd. Nomura set a $135.00 price target on shares of Apple and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 4th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Apple from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Thursday, October 27th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have given a hold rating, forty-two have issued a buy rating and two have issued a strong buy rating to the company. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $129.18. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) traded up 0.81% during midday trading on Tuesday, hitting $120.00. The stock had a trading volume of 34,439,843 shares. Apple has a 12-month low of $89.47 and a 12-month high of $120.24. The firm has a market cap of $639.88 billion, a P/E ratio of 14.44 and a beta of 1.30. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $115.33 and a 200 day moving average price of $110.34. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, October 25th. The iPhone maker reported $1.67 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.66 by $0.01. The firm earned $46.85 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $46.88 billion. Apple had a net margin of 21.19% and a return on equity of 35.59%. The firm’s revenue was down 9.0% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned $1.96 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts anticipate that Apple will post $8.95 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was first published by Daily Political and is the propert of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States & international copyright legislation. The original version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/17/apple-inc-aapl-rating-lowered-to-buy-at-vetr-inc.html. In other news, insider Philip W. Schiller sold 43,769 shares of Apple stock in a transaction dated Thursday, October 27th. The stock was sold at an average price of $115.07, for a total transaction of $5,036,498.83. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, insider Daniel J. Riccio sold 33,323 shares of Apple stock in a transaction dated Thursday, November 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $110.35, for a total value of $3,677,193.05. Following the sale, the insider now owns 32,484 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $3,584,609.40. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders own 0.08% of the company’s stock. Hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of the stock. Cidel Asset Management Inc. increased its stake in Apple by 0.3% in the second quarter. Cidel Asset Management Inc. now owns 4,186 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $400,000 after buying an additional 13 shares during the last quarter. Lbmc Investment Advisors LLC increased its stake in Apple by 0.3% in the second quarter. Lbmc Investment Advisors LLC now owns 5,110 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $489,000 after buying an additional 15 shares during the last quarter. Opus Capital Group LLC increased its stake in Apple by 0.3% in the second quarter. Opus Capital Group LLC now owns 5,914 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $565,000 after buying an additional 19 shares during the last quarter. Shoker Investment Counsel Inc. increased its stake in Apple by 0.3% in the second quarter. Shoker Investment Counsel Inc. now owns 5,802 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $554,000 after buying an additional 19 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Loudon Investment Management LLC increased its stake in Apple by 0.5% in the second quarter. Loudon Investment Management LLC now owns 4,356 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $416,000 after buying an additional 20 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 57.75% of the company’s stock. About Apple Apple Inc (Apple) designs, manufactures and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, and portable digital music players, and a variety of related software, services, peripherals, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. The Company’s products and services include iPhone, iPad, Mac, iPod, Apple TV, a portfolio of consumer and professional software applications, the iOS and OS X operating systems, iCloud, and a variety of accessory, service and support offerings. To view Vetr’s full report, visit Vetr’s official website. Receive News & Ratings for Apple Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump Trump Says EU Dissolution Was Caused by Refugees Wet Foot, Dry Foot Policy Ends for Cubans © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Reviews Reviews Camera Reviews GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark II: Australian Review Impossible Project I-1 Polaroid Camera: The Gizmodo Review Leica's Waterproof X-U Camera: The Gizmodo Review Car Reviews Volvo S90: Australian Review 2016 Holden Astra: Australian Review Driving The Epic 2017 Nissan GT-R 2017 Ford Focus RS: Australian Review Phone Reviews Motorola Moto Z: Australian Review Battle Of The Cheap Smartphones: OnePlus 3T Vs LeEco Le Pro3 LG V20: Australian Review Sony Xperia XZ: Australian Review PC Reviews SCUF Infinity1 And Infinity4PS Pro Controllers: The Australian Review iKBC F87 Australian Review: No Frills, No Fuss Origin PC Chronos: Australian Review LG 27UD88 4K FreeSync Monitor: Australian Review Smartwatch Reviews Huawei Fit: The Gizmodo Review Apple Watch Nike+: Australian Review The Pebble 2 Is Now The Only Fitness Tracking Smartwatch You Need Fitbit Charge 2 Review: The Best Fitness Tracker, Period Gadgets Reviews DJI Mavic Pro 4K Drone Review: So Close To Terrific URB-E Electric Scooter: Australian Review This Folding Bike Has Built-In GPS To Track Your Rides This Handheld Scanner Was Supposed To Change My Life, But I've Never Been More Disappointed In A Gadget Gaming Reviews The Astro A50s Are Good Headphones With A Great Wireless Station Razer's eSports Gear Didn't Make Me Want To Play An eSports, But It Sure Is Nice Anyway Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare: Australian Review Sony PlayStation 4 Pro: The Gizmodo Review Entertainment Reviews Emerald City Is So Shallow That It Almost Appears Deep Beyond Is The Perfect Sci-Fi Show To Have On While Cleaning Your Home Nvidia Shield (2017): The Gizmodo Review Apple AirPods: Australian Review Emerald City Is So Shallow That It Almost Appears Deep Beyond Is The Perfect Sci-Fi Show To Have On While Cleaning Your Home Microsoft Surface Book With Performance Base: Australian Review Volvo S90: Australian Review Gadgets FTC Says This Smartphone Breathalyser Is Actually A Bunch Of Crap These Are Your Most Insane Airplane Horror Stories The British Accidentally Fired A Ballistic Missile At The U.S. And It's Fine, Everything's Fine You Can Get A Weed Leaf Decal For Literally Any Gadget, So I Did Mobile Rural Mobile Broadband Coverage Is Getting A Boost From Optus How To Make Any Video Play Perfectly On Your Smartphone New Report: Fake iPhone Chargers Have a 99% Chance Of Failure Samsung Won't Launch The Galaxy S8 Until March Car Tech Watch A Guy Put His Car In Reverse At 110KM/H This Month In Dashcams: Learn To Overtake Safely, Please Uber To Pay Out $26 Million After Promising Drivers 'Exaggerated' Wages The 2018 Ford Mustang Kills The V6, But Gets Magnetic Ride Online Julian Assange Says Chelsea Manning Was Granted Clemency To Make Assange Look Like A Liar Peter Thiel Gains New Zealand Citizenship As Tech Elites Prep For Doomsday A US ISP Tweeted Out Some Spectacularly Awful Security Advice Tidal And Sprint Create The Saddest Business Partnership Ever Science & Health Watch How Fossils Get Cleaned And Prepared These Five Teams Will Duke It Out For $26 Million In A Race To The Moon The Most Advanced Weather Satellite Yet Just Dropped Its First Amazing Images Yes, The Eerie Carl Sagan Prediction That's Going Viral Is Real Cameras I'm Equally Excited For Two Very Different Cameras An Australian Company Says It Can Hijack Drones Wirelessly Leica's M10 Is Another Beautiful, High-End German Masterpiece Of A Camera You Can Now Do Harvard's Photography Course Online (For Free) Computing Deals: Learn How To Blind Everyone With Data Science 5 Reasons To Give Microsoft's Edge Browser Another Chance Even With A GTX 1060, Is Intel's Quad-Core Q6600 Good Enough? 4 Computer Security Threats You Might Not Be Protecting Against Gaming Don't Have Kids Neko Atsume Could Seriously Be The First Good Video Game Movie What We Know About The Nintendo Switch's Garbage Graphics This Might Be The Cthulhu Video Game Of Our Nightmares, Er, Dreams Entertainment Director Rian Johnson Had To Wait Until This Morning To Complete The Last Jedi's Opening Crawl Good Morning, Here's John Wick As Michael Jackson The Godzilla Sequel Has Found Its Director All Arrival and No Deadpool: The Oscar Nominations Are Here Toggle navigation Reviews Camera Reviews Car Reviews Phone Reviews PC Reviews Smartwatch Reviews Gadgets Reviews Gaming Reviews Entertainment Reviews Gadgets Mobile Car Tech Online Science & Health Cameras Computing Gaming Entertainment Best. School Excursion. Ever. Don't Have Kids Who Is 'The Last Jedi'? The British Accidentally Fired A Ballistic Missile At The U.S. And It's Fine, Everything's Fine Here Are Three Alternatives To Apple's AirPods Campbell Simpson Jan 18, 2017, 3:45pm ⋅ Filed to:  airpods apple apple airpods Australian Stories bluetooth bluetooth headphones headphones wireless headphones Share Apple's AirPods are pretty cool. They're miniscule and work very well, even if they do look like the head of an electric toothbrush. But if you don't like Apple gear, there are alternatives out there that do the same thing. Sometimes these tiny wireless in-ears are referred to as 'hearables', but whatever you want to call them we've got a list of three of our favourites — all completely wireless, and all with their own tiny charging cases. Sol Republic Amps Sol Republic says its Amps earbuds don't need any kind of complicated fitting gear or ear-hooks that press against your delicate cartilage, with "specially designed air grooves" that grip your ear like a tyre grips the road. You'll get three hours' playback from each bud, and the charging case holds another 15 charges for 45 hours of total juice. Sol Republic's Amps earbuds are $199, so come in at a slightly cheaper asking price than Apple's equally wireless 'buds. We're giving them a test drive soon, so we'll let you know exactly how we find them. Jabra Elite Sport Jabra's $329 Elite Sport are earbuds that stick out of your ears slightly, but that have buttons built in for phone-free volume and playback control. I've been using the Elite Sport for a month, and I've found them both really comfortable and with sound quality that has a bit more low-frequency oomph than the AirPods. Battery life isn't as good either from the earphones themselves or the bundled charging case, but it's good enough that you can get through a couple of days before needing to plug the case in for a full recharge. Samsung Gear IconX Samsung was actually one of the first out of the gates with the fully wireless, Bluetooth-enabled Gear IconX in Australia, which will set you back around about $220 if you shop around. If you have a Samsung phone and you use the S Health app for tracking your fitness data, the IconX can funnel your step tracking and heart rate info into that. Beyond that, they're just good sounding wireless headphones. Comments pooh_bear @pooh_bear Jan 18, 2017, 3:57pm Can anyone remember the aussie company that has a set of wireless buds on the way? think they were possibly W.A. based, they also were supposed to augment your surrounding environment to be able to make speech clearer in crowds etc. I cant for the life of me remember what they were called or find them on the google machine. Also guys if you are doing any reviews on these any chance of commenting on the quality of the Bluetooth transfer as that seems to affect the quality depending on the device. Reply 1 phil @phil Jan 18, 2017, 4:08pm I don't think their WA, but Bragi have a "transparency"-type function on their wireless earbuds. Others I'm keeping an eye on are Kanoa, Earin, Onkyo and Sammy ones. But I won't hit the "buy" button until I see the second version of any of them (early adoption for stuff like this doesn't sit well with me - "never ever 1st gen ever"). Last edited January 18, 2017 4:09 pm Reply 0 ampersam @ampersam Jan 19, 2017, 9:46am I believe there is a second-gen alternative out on the market, it's called the "Headphone" - a bit cheaper, they've dropped all the fitness crap and made the connectivity better. https://www.bragi.com/theheadphone/ (Am curious so I've been doing a bit of research on them!) Reply 0 phil @phil Jan 19, 2017, 11:03am I've been looking at those as they're what I want: just a wireless pair of buds, no heart-rate sensor, onboard storage or other unnecessary stuff - just music in my ears with no wires. And I like the sound of the tech they use for connection between the buds. But I'll wait for the second version of those. Unless I read some reviews saying the connections are rock-solid and they sound "good enough". Reply 0 JustMe @justme Jan 18, 2017, 4:24pm Jaybird X2 Bluetooth Buds ? Reply 0 faction @f4ction Jan 18, 2017, 4:25pm http://www.gizmodo.com.au/2017/01/these-aussie-made-wireless-earbuds-are-a-cure-for-pub-deafness/ Reply 2 Campbell Simpson @campbellsimpson AUTHOR Jan 19, 2017, 9:34am These guys! Reply 0 pooh_bear @pooh_bear Jan 23, 2017, 10:50am Hey @campbellsimpson any chance of proper round up in a few months time when the "IQ buds" and the "Here One" are released officially? Reply 0 pooh_bear @pooh_bear Jan 20, 2017, 10:55pm Thanks, been trying to remember it for a few weeks now.... been bugging me no end. Reply 1 cmack @cmack Jan 18, 2017, 4:31pm They were called Nuhera - http://www.nuheara.com/ Reply 3 ionchef @ionchef Jan 18, 2017, 11:02pm Probably not the ones you are talking about, but Earin are Australian and had some interesting buds at CES. Reply 1 gundolini @gundolini Jan 19, 2017, 6:01pm Nuheara’s IQbuds, WA Designed & based company Reply 1 Andrew A Guest Jan 25, 2017, 6:59am @pooh_bear - You are thinking of Nuheara and their IQbuds. They just launched at CES this month and are now shipping their 1st units to early backers (from their Indiegogo campaign) in Australia, New Zealand, and the United States. Reply 1 pepee63 @pepee63 Jan 18, 2017, 6:45pm Motorola released some three years ago. They're suppose to be quite excellent. Last edited January 18, 2017 6:46 pm Reply 0 MingOfMongo Guest Jan 18, 2017, 10:01pm I funded the "Air by Crazybaby" indiegogo campaign - I think they look better than the airpods... Should be finalised in the next month or so: http://www.gizmochina.com/2016/10/21/air-crazybaby-looks-better-apples-airpods-comes-charging-capsule/ Reply 0 da user Guest Jan 18, 2017, 10:49pm How are the Sol Republics one of your favourites if you haven't done a test of them yet? Reply 0 Campbell Simpson @campbellsimpson AUTHOR Jan 19, 2017, 9:35am Because they look good and the charging case has a BUNCH of battery refills. Reply 1 precisa @precisa Jan 19, 2017, 2:17pm They did review them last year? http://www.gizmodo.com.au/2016/11/sol-republic-amps-air-are-truly-wireless-earbuds-that-kind-of-suck/ Reply 0 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now Samsung Explains Why The Galaxy Note7 Kept Exploding Campbell Simpson 23 Jan 2017 11:30 AM It's time. After more than four months, the world's largest smartphone manufacturer is ready to reveal the exact reason that the Galaxy Note7 -- its most advanced smartphone ever, and the year's strongest competitor to Apple's iPhone 7 -- was recalled. Friends Don't Let Friends Use Flash Campbell Simpson 23 Jan 2017 4:00 PM I've been having a hell of a time loading YouTube videos on my home PC recently. Then, after a little bit of investigation, I found out why. Somehow, Adobe Flash was installed. After running outside and turning three times, spitting and cursing, I uninstalled it. You should do the same. Here's how. Want Gizmodo's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Subscribe to the #staticpodcast Static Podcast: The Best Of Season Four Static Podcast: Bruce Campbell (And All Of Our Other Favourite Interviews) Gizmodo's Static Podcast: Are Videogame Reviews Important Or Redundant? Gizmodo's Static Podcast: How To Become The Citizen Of A Space Nation Trending Articles 1 Samsung Explains Why The Galaxy Note7 Kept Exploding 2 Friends Don't Let Friends Use Flash 3 These Are Your Most Insane Airplane Horror Stories 4 Peter Thiel Gains New Zealand Citizenship As Tech Elites Prep For Doomsday 5 All Arrival and No Deadpool: The Oscar Nominations Are Here Director Rian Johnson Had To Wait Until This Morning To Complete The Last Jedi's Opening Crawl Good Morning, Here's John Wick As Michael Jackson The Godzilla Sequel Has Found Its Director Watch How Fossils Get Cleaned And Prepared While You Were Sleeping Talk Amongst Yourselves Overwatch's Lunar New Year Event Is Now Live, Here's What's In It Samsung's Galaxy S8 Won't Appear Until March Interns Could Be A Gateway For Your Small Business To Find New Talent Netflix Makes It Easy For Android Users To Save Movies To An SD Card Dealhacker: UberEATS Can Deliver Free Ice To Your Door This Australia Day The Best Google Play Music Tips And Tricks You May Not Know About Trump claims the Keystone XL pipeline will create 7 times more construction jobs than it actually will Netflix is rebooting 'Queer Eye for the Straight Guy' to give red states a makeover 10 things you need to know before markets open in Australia and Asia Crackle boss argues there's no such thing as too much TV © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Gizmodo International × Log in to Gizmodo Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Gizmodo User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Gizmodo International Gizmodo US Gizmodo UK Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Brazil Gizmodo Japan Close
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  iOS App  Calendar  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Take Control Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1353, 23 Jan 17 #1352, 16 Jan 17 #1351, 09 Jan 17 #1350, 02 Jan 17 #1349, 12 Dec 16 #1348, 05 Dec 16 #1347, 21 Nov 16 #1346, 14 Nov 16 #1345, 07 Nov 16 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members ScanSnap Smile   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the best-selling Take Control ebooks.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist Safari 10.0.3 iTunes 12.5.5 Final Cut Pro X 10.3.2, Compressor 4.3.1, and Motion 5.3.1 BusyCal 3.1.4 and BusyContacts 1.1.6 Mailplane 3.6.9 Boom 2 v1.5.2 Logic Pro X 10.3 Security Update 2016-007 (Yosemite) and 2016-003 Supplemental (El Capitan) Fantastical 2.3.3 HoudahGeo 5.1.5     x Welcome to TidBITS! We make our articles available via RSS, and in a weekly curated email newsletter. You can also support our work by becoming a member, and receive several benefits.   Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. Watchlist | 17 Jan 2017 | Print  | Comment (10) Security Update 2016-007 (Yosemite) and 2016-003 Supplemental (El Capitan) by Agen G. N. Schmitz On 13 December 2016, Apple released Security Update 2016-007 for OS X 10.10 Yosemite and Security Update 2016-003 for 10.11 El Capitan with patches for a number of vulnerabilities, including one that could allow an application to execute arbitrary code with kernel privileges and another that could enable a local user to cause a system denial of service. On 17 January 2017, Apple pushed out a new version of Security Update 2016-003 to address a kernel issue that could cause a Mac running El Capitan to freeze and become unresponsive. If you applied Security Update 2016-003 before 17 January 2017, Security Update 2016-003 Supplemental will appear in Software Update. Be sure to make a backup before installing any of these updates in case of problems! (Free. For 10.10.5 Yosemite, 498.1 MB; for 10.11.6 El Capitan, 717 MB (623.9 MB for Supplemental); release notes)   Fujitsu ScanSnap Scanners — Save your business time and money with our easy-to-use small ScanSnap Scanner line. Eliminate paper piles by scanning documents, business cards, and receipts. Visit us at: <http://budurl.me/sstb>   Comments about Security Update 2016-007 (Yosemite) and 2016-003 Supplemental (El Capitan) To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. Addresses security vulnerability for both operating systems, plus a kernel issue for 10.11 El Capitan. (Free, various sizes) Receive comments via RSS Add a comment Tom Gewecke   2017-01-18 11:21 The El Capitan update froze with a minute to go on my iMac. First time this has ever happened to me. Fortunately restarting worked ok. Reply John Kendrick  2017-01-18 14:08 Downloaded the security upgrade for El Capitan, the OS I'm running on my relatively new iMac. Received an error message which said it could not be installed on the "Macintosh HD" which is the internal disk for my iMac. Any thoughts? Reply Tom A.  2017-01-18 14:16 My El Capitan version installed with no problems. I had experienced the freezing problem; I hope the update will solve it. Reply Neil A  2017-01-19 10:41 Be careful adding this update to an El Capitan system without a backup. This update erased my application or rendered them unable to run (Spotlight reported each app, including Carbon Copy, as corrupt). I was able to reboot from a Carbon Copy external drive and restore to an earlier backup. Once that completed, all applications run normally and the long freezes (even after the update) appear to be gone. Reply andrew linden  2017-01-19 19:03 A little bird told me to do a Time Machine backup before applying the El Cap supplemental update. So I was able to restore from that when I ended up with an unstable system: Energy Saver preference pane would not open, Finder froze unpredictably, m/c failed to wake from sleep. Perhaps I'll wait another day or two before trying again, in case Apple releases a supplement to the supplement. Reply joestoner  2017-01-24 08:19 Time Machine is now unusable in El Cap. It needs more than twice the space on the target drive than the system that I'm trying to back-up. It has been getting slower and slower even on a Firewire drive! How do I get back to Yosemite? Reply Simon   2017-01-24 08:43 Have you considered getting a new disk and starting a TM backup from scratch? Might help. Here's an idea. Get one quite large disk (~5 times the size of what you're trying to back up). Set aside one partition for a bootable clone, set up one other partition for TM backups. Use DiskUtility (no need for costly and/or buggy 3rd party 'solutions') to clone your Mac's main volume to the clone partition. Then use TM to back up to the other partition. That gives you a) a bootable clone you can resort to at any time and b) a backup with versioning. In the event of catastrophe you can boot from the clone and restore your partition by copying back from the clone, or use the macOS installer to re-install and copy back from your TM backup history. You can actually even do both (as long as you do them in that order) in order to get back to exactly what you had when your last TM backup completed. Reply Adam Engst   2017-01-24 09:48 I'm not aware of any real changes in Time Machine between Yosemite and El Capitan, or even Sierra. It's not perfect, but starting a new backup would likely fix your issues. Simon's suggestion above for a bootable duplicate plus a Time Machine backup on a new big disk is a good one. Reply joestoner  2017-01-24 10:05 I've re-formatted my 500GB internal drive that was working fine as my main back-up drive but is now useless as it's too small!! I have two Seagate external drives a 1TB for phots and a 4TB(1TB for photos and 3 for Time Machine) however their power supplies are blowing up and I'm on my last one:( So I'm going to buy a Toshiba 4TB and use it as you suggest, thanks. Wish Seagate would resurrect their excellent Customer Service where they replaced the blown power supply but they've gone the way of most CS and are useless! Reply Simon   2017-01-24 10:53 I had some trouble with external disks too. At some point I simply gave up on buying complete units. Instead I bought an external dock (USB3) and from then on just kept buying regular 3.5" HDDs intended for installation in desktops. If a HDD dies (sometimes that does happen after a few years) I just throw it out and buy a new disk, plop it into the dock, and presto. The docks (I have three different ones at my various work places) have never died on me so far. The solution is inexpensive and reliable. Plus, since it's modular, even when something does fail you usually recover quickly and without much hassle. Reply To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. Addresses security vulnerability for both operating systems, plus a kernel issue for 10.11 El Capitan. (Free, various sizes) Add a comment  Search   Cached. Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2017 Agen G. N. Schmitz TidBITS is copyright © 2017 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
_ Macworld Australia MAC iPad iPhone iSnap App Guide Gadget Guide mResell HOME NEWS FEATURES REVIEWS HELP/TIPS BLOGS Mac In Business Communications Productivity Security Workflow FORUM MAGAZINE Digital Subscription Current Issue Back Issues OS X El Capitan gets a supplemental security update Roman Loyola 18 January, 2017 View more articles fromthe author AAA Comments News Still using OS X El Capitan on your Mac? If so, then you should know that Apple has released a supplemental security update for your Mac. According to Apple, the update “fixes a kernel issue that may cause your Mac to occasionally become unresponsive”. The update originally was released in December 2016, but on Tuesday it was reissued. Users can get the update by launching the App Store app and then checking for updates. You can also download the update from the web; users who did not initially install the update can download the standard security update, while users who have the original update from December installed can download the supplemental update. Apple has a support article that details the security content of the update. Related Tags:  Share: Comments Related Posts Random Posts Apple’s full response to labour abuses report Boom for Mac Samsung’s share grows while Apple’s declines in Q3 smartphone market Survey: U.S. residents don’t want targeted ads Sync iCal tasks to your iPhone with these apps Leave a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Please keep your comments friendly on the topic. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Comment Advertise with us Related Posts Unlocking a Mac with an Apple Watch requires two-factor, not two-step, iCloud protection—what? What’s the difference between two-step verification and two-factor authentication? A lot of frustration for people who were using the former and updated... Apple releases iOS 10.1.1 update that fixes the Health app bug If you rely on Apple’s Health app, you’ll be happy to know that Apple has released iOS 10.1.1, an update that Health app users should download. iOS... App Guide KidsXap Nisi Paragon Hard Disk Manager for Mac Gadget Guide IKlip Grip Pro Advertise with us Advertise with us Mobile Phone Plans Prev Next Loading... Compare Mobile Phones & Plans Mobile phone plans & deals iPhone plans & deals Apple iPhone models Tablet plans & deals The New iPad plans & deals Guides and Articles Samsung Galaxy Mobile Phone Deals National Broadband Network NBN 12Mbps Plans Broadband Usage Guide Mobile Phone Plans Under $80 iPhone 5, iPhone 4S Deals - Compare Prices Deals powered by WhistleOut Advertise with us Advertise with us Subscribe to eNews Subscribe to RSS Receive our eNews Macworld AU Twitter Macworld AU Facebook Macworld AU Pinterest Macworld AU Fancy Macworld AU Youtube Features Features Reviews Help Blogs Help FORUM MAC iPad iPhone Play App Guide Gadget Guide MACWORLD AU Australian Macworld Copyright © 2017 Niche Media Pty Ltd. ABN 13 064 613 529 Terms Disclaimer Privacy Contact Advertise Sitemap All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of Niche Media Pty Ltd is prohibited. Contact us
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Learn more msn back to msn home news Web search Sign in Change language and content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Feedback Headlines UK News World Report President Trump Weird News Video Photos My Topics Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel News Sections UK News World Report EU Referendum US News Weird News Photos Videos AdChoices This is how much we spent on apps last year USA TODAY Jefferson Graham 6 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Iceland gripped by rare murder case as woman's body is found Schoolboy stabbed to death outside flagship London academy © imageBROKER/REX/Shutterstock LOS ANGELES — We spent a while lot of time — and money — using apps in 2016. The market research company App Annie just surveyed the app landscape, and says we spent 900 billion hours using apps. That’s 150 billion more than the prior year, and constitutes a record. "This is both a combination of more people using smartphones globally and users spending greater amounts of time on them as more and more functions migrate to mobile (banking, video streaming, dating, etc.)," says AppAnnie's senior vice-president Danielle Levitas.  And we downloaded some 90 billion apps, on both the Apple iTunes app store and Google Play, vs. 77 billion in 2015.  That’s a lot of Uber trips, CandyCrush games and WhatsApp messages. The folks who make apps made a lot of money. Publishers picked up nearly $89 billion in revenue from downloads, in-app purchases and advertising. Google and Apple profited as well, keeping some $15 billion in commissions from the app revenues.  The $89 billion figure will double by 2020 to $189 billion, says the report. The bulk of the 2016 money generated went to games: some 75% of revenue on IOS and 90% on Google Play, with the smash hit Pokemon Go picking up the lion’s share of it. The top app downloads of the year were the tried and true: Facebook, What'sApp, Facebook Messenger, Instagram and Snapchat. However, when it comes to revenue generated, the top 5 apps were Spotify, Line, Netflix, Tinder and HBO Now. Finally, App Annie says we open up over 30 apps monthly. "More and more of people's lives are being integrated into smartphones (e.g. shopping, banking, paying, dating, music streaming, communication, ride-sharing, etc)," notes Levitas. "As a result, people are using more apps each month to complement their daily activities. In writing this piece, I decided to open my iPhone and see how many of my apps get opened monthly and come to 25, with a handful that get daily usage. My list: Apple News, Facebook, Messenger, GMail, Twitter, Instagram, Google Play Music, USA TODAY (of course) the NYT, Washington Post, DJI Go, Pedometer ++, YouTube, Snapseed and Waze.The others that show up at some point during the month: Sonos, Snapchat, Lyft, Uber, Politico, Flipboard, Chipotle, Solitaire, Quik and Amazon Drive.  How about you? Which apps do you open every day, or at some point during the month? Let's chat about it on Twitter, where I'm @jeffersongraham. Don't forget to subscribe to the daily #TalkingTech podcast on iTunes and Stitcher, and leave your reviews, comments and suggestions.   Go to MSN Home Go to MSN News Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behaviour that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More From USA TODAY How Facebook fixed crazy wedding dress mix-up USA TODAY Three puppies found alive 5 days after Italy avalanche USA TODAY Dictionary schools Kellyanne Conway on definition of fact USA TODAY Incredibly clear lake ice makes for viral photo USA TODAY USA TODAY View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Anti-Spam Did you find the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues with searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps My Topics feedback Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Robotics Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Biotech Neuroscience Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Geek Life & Style Viral Celebrities Features Tech Culture Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg iPhone 7 Plus And iPhone 7 Are Top Performers On AnTuTu Benchmark 17 January 2017, 4:00 pm EST By Joshua King Tech Times Galaxy Note 7 vs Galaxy Note 5: Should You Upgrade?Now Playing Discover The Latest Robot TrendsNow Playing AnTuTu has recently released a list of smartphones ranked on the basis of how they fared in its performance test. The iPhone 7 Plus and iPhone 7 were the top two performing handsets in the test.  ( Kārlis Dambrāns | Flickr ) Advertisement Popular benchmarking website AnTuTu has revealed a list of smartphones that had undergone its performance benchmark test in 2016. The primary list consists of all the platforms and shows the top 10 performing handsets. The iPhone 7 Plus and iPhone 7, both running on iOS, have come out as clear winners according to the post. iPhone Vs. Other Smartphones  With a sharp ascend in smartphone technology, there are a number of companies who have joined the fray and look to capture the market by manufacturing and selling the best handsets possible. To accurately judge these phones, AnTuTu conducted the performance test to determine the top smartphones of 2016. The ranks are determined on the basis of the average score for each phone. This is calculated on the AnTuTu app. The iPhone 7 Plus secured the highest ranking, with an average score of 181316. The iPhone 7 followed close behind with a score of 172001. The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus performed well because of Apple's powerful A10 Fusion chipsets. Coming in third was the OnePlus 3T. The phone is powered by a Snapdragon 821 chipset and doesn't disappoint. The phone was also ranked number one in the Android phones category. The other phones rounding up the Android list were the LeEco Pro 3, Moto Z and the Xiaomi Mi5s. LeEco Le Pro3 came in second amongst Android phones, with an average score of 159911. The Moto Z notched up an impressive score of 148820. Samsung - Dwindling Fortunes What is interesting to note is that Samsung has no representation in the list and has been pushed out by the competition. Even after releasing premier smartphones like the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge, Samsung failed to break into the top 10 ranking for both Top 10 Performance Android Smartphones of 2016 and the Top 10 Smartphone Performances of 2016 lists. Among the iOS devices, the 12.9-inch iPad Pro grabbed the numero uno with an AnTuTu score of 194838. The tablet runs on the A9X chipset and was the most powerful Apple device in the test. The other devices in the Top 10 Performance iOS Devices of 2016 list comprised the iPhone 7 Plus and the 9.7-inch iPad Pro on the second and third spots, respectively. The iPhone 7 and the iPhone 6s Plus rounded of the top five with scores of 172001 and 138159, respectively. Each phone had been tested and put through the rigors at least 2000 times by AnTuTu before they were scored and ranked. Click here to see the complete rankings, released by AnTuTu. Photo: Kārlis Dambrāns | Flickr TAG AnTuTu, Apple, iPhone 7 Plus, iPhone 7, OnePlus 3T, iOS, Android, Smartphone © 2016 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles GoPro Camera Snaps Up Mysterious Lights Near ISS Samsung Galaxy S8 Release Date Rumored To Be Scheduled For April 15 iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, iPhone 6s: The Most Popular Smartphones During Early Holiday Season 2016 Best Apple Products Of 2016: iPhone 7 Plus, MacBook Pro 15-inch And More 5 Best Smartphones Of 2016: iPhone 7, 7 Plus, Galaxy S7, S7 Edge, Google Pixel, Pixel And More From Our Sponsor How To Shop Smart: 5 Characteristics Of A Smart Shopper You may love shopping, you may be a bargain hunter....but are you a smart shopper? SPONSORED BY Packsize Advertisement Most Popular 1 Google Google Rolls Out Instant Apps Feature For Android: Download And Run Apps Without Installing Them 2 Gadgets Nintendo NES Classic Edition Now Available At Newegg, Select Target Stores, Chunk Toys And Amazon 3 Animals Irula Tribe Snake Hunters From India Help Catch Pythons In Florida Advertisement 4 Security Gmail Phishing: Why The Latest Scam May Be The Smartest Trick Out There 5 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Google Pixel Or Samsung Galaxy S7: Which Smartphone Is A Better Choice? 6 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) Heading To AT&T, Latest Leak Reveals 7 Apps/Software Lavabit, The Email Service Edward Snowden Used To Leak NSA Secrets, Has Been Revived 8 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Surface Pro 5: Here Are Upcoming Improvements You Didn't See In Surface Pro 4 9 Space Carrington-Like Solar Storm That Could Hit Earth Within Next Decade May Cost US More Than $40 Billion Daily EDITOR'S PICKS Watch Out For Gmail Phishing Scam, Tricks Users To Give Up Google Credentials Mars Missions Could Accelerate Under Trump Administration Google Pixel Or Samsung Galaxy S7: Which Smartphone Is A Better Choice? Skin Cancer Cream Reportedly Kills 5 Dogs Carrington-Like Solar Storm That Could Hit Earth Within Next Decade May Cost US More Than $40 Billion Daily Gmail Phishing: Why The Latest Scam May Be The Smartest Trick Out There GoPro Camera Snaps Up Mysterious Lights Near ISS Verizon Could Buy Comcast Valued At $173 Billion Calorie Restriction Diet Found To Extend Monkey Life By Years: Will It Work On Humans Too? Life & Style More Life & Style How Do Jade Eggs Work Exactly? Skin Cancer Cream Reportedly Kills 5 Dogs Caffeine May Be Key To Fighting Aging-Related Inflammation 5 Popular Food Choices Believed To Cause Cancer: Nutella, Microwave Popcorn, Hotdogs And More Milk Money: You Might Be Eligible For Cash Payout Under This Dairy Lawsuit Settlement Know Your Lemons: Campaign Explains What Breast Cancer Could Look Like With Lemon Images New Evidence In D. B. Cooper Case Points To Possible Connection Between Boeing And The Famed Hijacker People Who Frequently Swear Are Less Likely To Lie, Deceive: Study TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideos About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2016 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved.
News Interviews Reviews Blog Galleries Current Issue Artists Pleased to meet you Media Tuesday, January 24th, 2017 Advertise Subscribe News All Fiona Apple and Michael Whalen Share New Anti-Trump Song - “Tiny Hands” Released in Conjunction with the Women's March on Washington Jan 17, 2017 By Christopher Roberts Find It At: AMAZON Back in December Fiona Apple shared an anti-President-Elect Donald Trump Christmas parody song entitled "Trump's Nuts Roasting on an Open Fire." Now she has shared another anti-Trump song/chant, "Tiny Hands." It was made in collaboration with composer Michael Whalen and features samples of Trump from the infamous Access Hollywood video saying "grab them by the pussy" while Apple repeats the lines "We don't want your tiny hands/Anywhere near our underpants." The song is being released in conjunction with Saturday's Women's March on Washington, which is the day after Trump's inauguration. (More info on the March, as well as other sister marches in cities across America, can be found here.) Listen to the song below. (Via Consequence of Sound) Comments Submit your comment Name Required Email Required, will not be published URL Remember my personal information Notify me of follow-up comments? Please enter the word you see in the image below: There are no comments for this entry yet. Current Issue Issue #59 Dec 30, 2016 Issue # 59 - 15th Anniversary Most Recent Watch: Angel Olsen – “Pops” Video (News) — Angel Olsen 2016 Artist Survey: Annelotte de Graaf of Amber Arcades (Interview) — Amber Arcades, Artist Surveys 2016 Real Estate Announce New Album, Share “Darling” Video (News) — Real Estate Father John Misty Announces New Album, Shares Short Film and Lengthy Statement (News) — Father John Misty Mew Announce New Album and Tour, Share “Carry Me to Safety” (News) — Mew Contact Staff About Us Site by Someoddpilot & Methodtree, Inc. © Under The Radar Magazine
Login All Reviews Editorials News How to Make Your Amazon Echo Respond to 'Computer' Instead of 'Alexa' Yoky Matsuoka Left Apple to Return to Nest Apple Patches 8 Security Flaws in Apple TV with tvOS 10.1.1 Tips macOS Sierra: PiPifier Gives You Picture-in-Picture For All Videos How to Factory Reset Apple AirPods, May Help with Battery and Pairing Issues Podcasts iPhone 8 and Contactless Charging - TMO Daily Observations 2017-01-24 TMO Background Mode: Interview with 9News/KUSA TV Anchor/Reporter Kyle Clark View All Results → V-Moda Crossfade LP2 Headphones Sweat the Details iKlip Grip Pro an Excellent Multifunction Tripod, Monopod, Selfie Stick Minix NEO C Mini USB-C to HDMI: Low Cost, Low Weight Just Mobile's AluCharge 4-Port USB-A Charger Falls Just Short Matias Wireless Aluminum Keyboard: The Apple Keyboard You've Been Looking For View All Reviews → Your Apple Watch Could Eventually Become a Complete BioMed Lab Apple's Multiple OS Family Used to Be a Good Idea Automatic Photo Enhancement by Photolemur for Mac Apple's Underappreciated Technical Evolution 9th Circuit Allows App Store 'Monopoly' Class Action against Apple to Proceed View All Editorials → V-Moda Crossfade LP2 Headphones Sweat the Details John Martellaro @jmartellaro Jan 17th, 2017 5:49 PM EST | Quick Look Review Background I’ve been more or less cruising along with inexpensive headphones for a long, long time. My mix of over-the-ear, on-ear and Apple earbuds has been pretty casual. A few years ago, I acquired a pair of Sony MDRZX110-ZX on-ear headphones, with an inline mic, for about US$20. They’re minimally decent in my book, but made me realize that I really prefer over-the-ear headphones, especially for podcasting. Last year, when I acquired a Samson microphone kit for testing, it included an inexpensive pair of HP20s that I started using for my podcasting. Those HP20s are also in the $20-class by themselves, and when they started to come apart, my search started for something a cut above. Finally, I’m not a professional audiophile, and so I don’t approach headphones the same way other reviewers might with rigorous frequency charts and A-B testing. My intention, as an experienced reviewer, is to simply introduce you to a pair of pretty good $150 headphones. My Criteria First, I wanted wired headphones. It’s not a good idea, when podcasting, to depend on the audio gods to maintain a wireless connection when the chips are down. Second, TMO’s Bryan Chaffin counseled me to avoid noise cancellation headphones for podcasting. Instead, noise isolation headphones don’t use any electronics to muck around with the incoming audio. In this way, one gets a pure, wired, immediate audio signal with minimal latency. Third, I wanted a really comfortable pair. The Samsons would overheat my ears after 30 minutes and became uncomfortable. Not good. Fourth, a plus for me would be headphones that have a 3.5 mm jack on the earpiece itself. That way, I’d have the option to provide an audio cable of my own choosing down the road. Finally, I had a budget of $150. I’m reasonably serious about my audio, but my budget didn’t allow for really exotic headphones in the $300+ price range. See, for example, these higher end V-Modas reviewed by Bryan Chaffin: “V-Moda Crossfade M-100 Headphones Look Great & Sound Amazing.” His review describes many of the similar mechanical aspects. The attention to detail is laudable. The V-Moda Crossfade LP2 Bryan recommend these Crossfade LP2s based on his extensive experience with headphones. They met all my requirements, and I can say now that I’ve been very pleased with them. Here’s a list of some casual specs and features. MSRP $150. I paid $139.50 at Amazon in December. Style: All black metal and plastic with aluminum trim. Frequency response: 5 to 30,000 Hz. Weight: 260 grams listed. My scale reported 276 grams. (9.7 oz.) Headphone jack on left ear piece. Two audio cables included. 1) 3.5 to 3.5 mm audio cord with mic (1.3 m/4.5 ft.) and one-button control, 2) 3.5 to 3.5 mm audio cord without mic (2.0 m/6.5 ft.). 1/4-inch (6.3 mm) audio plug adapter. Hard plastic zippered case with internal elastic straps to hold cables. Carabiner and cleaning cloth included. Replaceable 3-D printed (earpiece) shields. Gunmetal color shields, screwdriver and extra screws included. Padded and adjustable headband. A steel frame. Dropped tested to exceed MIL-STD 810G standard. Two year warranty. Next page: my observations and a final note.  Product: Crossfade LP2 Company: V-Moda List Price: US$150.00Rating: Outstanding Product. Get It Now! Pros: Reasonably priced given the mechanical and audio quality, dual 50 mm drivers, good bass response, extensive accessories and audio cables, headphone jack on earpiece, hard carry case, very comfortable over long periods, MIL-STD drop tested, two year warranty. Outstanding shipping/storage box. Cons: None noted. Pages: 1 2 Next Page Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Email Print Tumblr Tags: audio, headphones Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials iPhone 8 May Sport Wireless Charging, But it Won't Come From Energous Jeff Gamet | January 24, 2017 Your Apple Watch Could Eventually Become a Complete BioMed Lab John Martellaro | January 20, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Are you the Resident Geek for your friends, family and co-workers? If so, you might enjoy hanging out with other like-minded folks on the Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group. Come join the fun! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $119.97 -0.11 (-0.09%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » How to Make Your Amazon Echo Respond to 'Computer' Instead of 'Alexa' Yoky Matsuoka Left Apple to Return to Nest Apple Patches 8 Security Flaws in Apple TV with tvOS 10.1.1 Apple Releases Sierra 10.12.3 Update with Fixes for PDF, MacBook Pro with Touch Bar, Security, More Apple releases iOS 10.2.1 and watchOS 3.1.3 with Security Updates Recent Tips See All » macOS Sierra: PiPifier Gives You Picture-in-Picture For All Videos How to Factory Reset Apple AirPods, May Help with Battery and Pairing Issues How To Watch The Inauguration on Apple TV and Online iOS Tip: Avoid Charging Your Wet iPhone 7/7 Plus macOS: Taking Timed Screenshots Recent Editorials See All » Your Apple Watch Could Eventually Become a Complete BioMed Lab Apple's Multiple OS Family Used to Be a Good Idea Automatic Photo Enhancement by Photolemur for Mac Apple's Underappreciated Technical Evolution 9th Circuit Allows App Store 'Monopoly' Class Action against Apple to Proceed 9553 John Martellaro quick-look 0 1484675365 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
About Us | Newsletter Sign Up Home News Opinion Messages Authors Video Slideshows Teardown Education EELife Events Android Automotive Embedded Industrial Control Internet of Things MCU Medical Memory Open Source PCB Planet Analog Power Management Programmable Logic Prototyping SoC Test & Measurement Wireless & Networking Breaking News NEWS & ANALYSIS: Biggest Robo-Car Roadblock Is Human NEWS & ANALYSIS: Google Searches for Better Silicon NEWS & ANALYSIS: PC Shipments Decline for 5th Straight Year NEWS & ANALYSIS: TSMC Expects Flat Year for Foundry NEWS & ANALYSIS: China Defends Big Chip Bet NEWS & ANALYSIS: QCOM CEO Likens 5G to Electricity Discovery News & Analysis FTC Slaps Qualcomm with Suit Apple precluded from other basebands, it says Rick Merritt 1/17/2017 07:00 PM EST 1 Comment 2 saves Login to Rate Tweet SAN JOSE, Calif. -- The U.S. Federal Trade Commission filed a complaint against Qualcomm, seeking a court order against what it alleges are unfair licensing practices for its cellular baseband patents. The complaint alleges among other things the company “precluded Apple from sourcing baseband processors from Qualcomm’s competitors from 2011 to 2016.” The FTC also charged Qualcomm maintains a “no license, no chips” policy that requires handset makers to agree to Qualcomm’s licensing terms to get supplies of its baseband chips. The company also refuses to license standard-essential patents to competitors, the FTC said. In its complaint, the FTC charged, "Qualcomm is unique in requiring an OEM, as a condition of sale, to secure a separate patent license requiring royalty payments for handsets that use a competitors components." The FTC’s action comes less than a month after the Korea Fair Trade Commission (KFTC) fined Qualcomm 1.03 trillion won (nearly $1 billion), charging unfair patent licensing practices. The KTFC levied similar charges of failing to license standards-essential patents to competitors and forcing customers to agree to unfair terms including “making them provide [the customer’s] patents for free.” Qualcomm said it will appeal both cases. It described the U.S. complaint as a politically opportunistic move that got the facts wrong and is based on flawed legal theory. “Qualcomm has never withheld or threatened to withhold chip supply in order to obtain agreement to unfair or unreasonable licensing terms,” it said in a statement. "This is an extremely disappointing decision to rush to file a complaint on the eve of Chairwoman Ramirez's departure and the transition to a new Administration, which reflects a sharp break from FTC practice," said Don Rosenberg, Qualcomm’s general counsel. FTC Commissioner Maureen Ohlhausen voted against the filing that passed in a 2-1 decision. In dissenting comments she said the decision was “based on a flawed legal theory…that lacks economic and evidentiary support, that was brought on the eve of a new presidential administration, and that, by its mere issuance, will undermine U.S. intellectual property rights in Asia and worldwide." Last year Apple started using Intel baseband processors in its iPhone 7, teardown reports showed in September, a fact the FTC complaint notes. “Samsung and Huawei have recently self-supplied some premium LTE baseband processors for [their] handsets, respectively, but this has not provided Qualcomm with meaningful competition in the merchant market,” the complaint said. Qualcomm dominated the 1.3-billion unit smartphone baseband market in 2015 with a 57% share, followed by Mediatek at 25% and Spreadtrum at 6%, according to figures from market watcher Forward Concepts. Samsung was in fourth place at 3% and Huawei’s had a 2% share with a chip from its HiSilicon division used only in its own phones and not for sale in the merchant market. Before it got the deal to supply an estimated 20 million LTE basebands to Apple, Intel shared last place at 1% with Leadcore and Marvell. In February 2015, Qualcomm paid $975 million as part of a settlement over patent disputes in China. The deal also cut royalty rates Qualcomm was charging in China. Regulators in other jurisdictions, including Taiwan, are also investigating Qualcomm, a Reuters report said. Qualcomm made as much as a third of its revenues on patent licensing in 2016. — Rick Merritt, Silicon Valley Bureau Chief, EE Times Related posts: Korea Fines Qcomm Nearly $1B iPhone 7 Sports Intel, TSMC China Deal Squeezes Royalty Cuts from Qualcomm IBM Leads as U.S. Patents Rebound Email This Print Comment More Related Links China Goes on an M&A Diet Silicon Labs Expands IoT Portfolio Trump: Man Without Scruples Q'comm Feels Smartphone Squeeze 5G Calls for Silicon in 2017 Comments View Comments: Newest First | Oldest First | Threaded View [close this box] User Rank CEO ... realjjj   1/20/2017 4:13:45 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate Apple is suing Qualcomm for roughly $1 billion, saying Qualcomm has been "charging royalties for technologies they have nothing to do with." Apple added, "Despite being just one of over a dozen companies who contributed to basic cellular standards, Qualcomm insists on charging Apple at least five times more in payments than all the other cellular patent licensors we have agreements with combined." http://www.cnbc.com/2017/01/20/apple-sues-qualcomm-for-1-billion.html Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board Most Recent Comments                 1/24/2017 3:07:07 PM David Ashton I will grant you that Trump's full of BS, but so are the car companies (in fact any companies).  Of course they'd say they were going to do that anyway, so they don't lose... 1/24/2017 3:07:07 PM David Ashton I will grant you that Trump's full of BS, but so are the car companies (in fact any companies).  Of course they'd say they were going to do that anyway, so they don't lose... 1/24/2017 2:22:35 PM rick merritt At the grocery store the other day it hit me that this is nothing new. I know Safeway has been tracking my every purchase for years. I let them so I get points for cheaper gas... 1/24/2017 2:22:30 PM Peter.Ting Don't know about UL but Exponent will say anything you want them to say i.e. deflategate and second hand smoke. "But Exponent's research has come under fire from critics,... 1/24/2017 2:06:59 PM 2Torr Bob mistook the loud "pops" and cloud of confetti from the prototype's exploding electrolytic capacitors as a call to party. 1/24/2017 12:15:11 PM Don Herres From the article "There are precepts called business ethics." "Business ethics, take your pick."  Attributed to Martin Mull although I apologize for not finding a reference... 1/24/2017 11:43:41 AM ciaranmaca Unfortunately the architects of free trade - elite politicians and corporations mainly - failed to see or ignored the way in which their policies would effect certain communities,... 1/24/2017 11:28:42 AM Don Herres Since Battery A was supplied by Samsung, legal action would just be an embarrassment.  Bringing the other supplier to court could just open lots of documents to public record... 1/24/2017 11:24:05 AM ritzke In Your Article ... it was Quoted ... with factories shuttered and left [the U.S.] shores, the wealth of the middle class ripped from their homes and then redistributed across... 1/24/2017 10:51:03 AM dt_hayden The root cause may lie inside the battery, but Samsung is accepting the responsibility as they should, unless they can prove a supplier failed to meet a specification.  While... Navigate to Related Links China Goes on an M&A Diet Silicon Labs Expands IoT Portfolio Trump: Man Without Scruples Q'comm Feels Smartphone Squeeze 5G Calls for Silicon in 2017 Datasheets.com Parts Search 185 million searchable parts (please enter a part number or hit search to begin) Cartoon Contest January 2017 Cartoon Caption Contest: "Rosy Resolutions" "Your caption here!" 78 comments All Cartoons December 2016 Cartoon Caption Contest: "Burrrr......" CIO: "Anyone want to facetime with Fred, who, as you all know, had what he thought were some 'humorously insightful' comments about our last project...Now...questions?" 136 comments All Cartoons Most Commented Most Popular  46   Half-Ton Megaprocessor is Finally Finished  36   I Got an Uber-Cool Badge and a Mega-Cool ...  33   Could Engineers be Accused of Killing Jobs?  26   Dizzying Heights of Trump Tower  25   Discarding Superfluous Pharmaceuticals  23   China Defends Big Chip Bet  21   Traffic Deaths: Technology is at Fault  21   Grandpa's New PC, and Inside His Old One  20   DNA Test Reveals How Well You're Aging  19   Alexa: Secret Agent or Double-Agent?  19   Alexa: Secret Agent or Double-Agent?  18   Hnaflbaflwhiflsnifltafl  16   How to Build DIY Switches and ...  16   Trump: Man Without Scruples  10   Tsinghua to Build $30 Billion Memory Fab ...  8   Friday Feel-Good Video: A Wee Day Out  6   Future of Chip Research Group Questioned  4   What Autonomous Driving Implies in 2017  4   Batteries Caused Samsung Galaxy to Explode  3   Virtual Reality Takes Zombie Shoot-'Em-Ups ... Like Us on Facebook EE Times on Twitter follow us Tweets about "from:eetimes" Sign up for EE Times newsletter GLOBAL NETWORK EE Times Asia EE Times China EE Times Europe EE Times India EE Times Japan EE Times Korea EE Times Taiwan EDN Asia EDN China EDN Japan ESC Brazil Communities EE Times | EDN | EBN | DataSheets.com | Embedded | TechOnline | Planet Analog Working With Us: About | Contact Us | Media Kits Terms of Service | Privacy Statement | Copyright © 2017 AspenCore All Rights Reserved To rate this item, click on a rating below. [close this box]   To save this item to your list of favorite EE Times content so you can find it later in your Profile page, click the "Save It" button next to the item.   If you found this interesting or useful, please use the links to the services below to share it with other readers. You will need a free account with each service to share an item via that service. Tweet This [close this box] Latest News Semiconductor News Blogs Message Boards Advanced Technology Analog Boards/Buses Electromechanical Embedded Tools FPGAs/PLDs IP/EDA Logic & Interfaces Memory Operating Systems Optoelectronics Passives Power Processors RF/Microwave Sensors & Transducers Test & Measurement ARM Techcon DesignCon Designers of Things ESC EETimes University Tech Papers Courses    Fundamentals Webinars Design West DesignCon ARM Techcon
International Business Times UK UK LATEST NEWS Crime Property Culture Royalty World Latest News USA Europe Asia Africa Middle East The Americas Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Politics LATEST NEWS Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket F1 UFC Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music WWE Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Analysis Reviews Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Pictures LATEST NEWS Conflict Travel Arts Science Animal & Wildlife Photography Competition Log out Newsletter Signup Search Technology CyberSecurity WikiLeaks White House Whistleblower Edward Snowden did not file paperwork requesting a pardon, White House says On Tuesday, President Obama commuted sentences of 209 people including the 35-year prison term of Chelsea Manning. By Hyacinth Mascarenhas January 18, 2017 05:49 GMT Close Edward Snowden and his supporters make case for pardon Reuters A petition signed by over a million people from around the world was recently submitted to President Barack Obama urging him to grant whistleblower Edward Snowden clemency before he leaves office later this week. However, the White House has downplayed the possibility of a pardon as the former NSA contractor never submitted the required documents for clemency. "Mr. Snowden has not filed paperwork to seek clemency from this administration," White House press secretary Josh Earnest said on Tuesday, The Hill reported. The publication also noted even if Snowden does file an application seeking pardon, it would probably not be able to be processed before Obama leaves office on Friday, 20 January since clemency petitions usually take months for the Department of Justice to sort through and process. Back in 2013, Snowden leaked a trove of classified documents to the press revealing the scale of mass surveillance programmes in the US and UK. He has been residing in Moscow in exile ever since to avoid extradition to the US where he faces charges brought under the 1917 Espionage Act that could land him in jail for up to 30 years if found guilty. In September last year, multiple human rights groups including Amnesty International, the American Civil Liberties Union and the Human Rights Watch among others called on President Obama to grant Snwoden clemency, arguing that his actions "set in motion the most important debate about government surveillance in decades" and sparked positive reforms. The Pardon Snowden campaign also drew the support of several notables including Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak, Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey, Open Society Foundations founder and chair George Soros, Pentagon Papers whistleblower Daniel Ellsberg and multiple actors including Mark Ruffalo and Maggie Gyllenhaal. "Snowden should not be threatened with serious felony convictions and prolonged confinement under World War One-era laws that treat him like a spy who sold secrets for profit," the petition reads. Edward Snowden greets the audience before he is honoured with the Carl von Ossietzky medal by International League for Human Rights.Tobias Schwarz/AFP/Getty Images In November 2016, former members of the Church committee, a Watergate-era intelligence watchdog group, pressed Obama to show leniency to Snowden as well. They also outlined earlier cases of leniency shown by the Obama's and previous administrations towards others who also violated the same law including National Security Adviser Sandy Berger and CIA directors David Petraeus and John Deutch. Obama told the German newspaper Der Spiegel in September that he "can't pardon somebody who hasn't gone before a court and presented themselves." "At the point at which Mr. Snowden wants to present himself before the legal authorities and make his arguments or have his lawyers make his arguments, then I think those issues come into play," Obama said. "Until that time, what I've tried to suggest - both to the American people, but also to the world - is that we do have to balance this issue of privacy and security." On Tuesday, President Obama commuted the sentences of 209 people including the 35-year prison sentence of Chelsea Manning, the Army private who leaked classified military documents and sensitive information to WikiLeaks. The former intelligence analyst's prison sentence has been shortened and will now be released on 17 May, 2017 instead of her previous release date set for 2045. Obama also pardoned retired Marine Corps general James Cartwright who pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI during an investigation into the leak regarding the so-called Stuxnet computer virus. Last week, Snowden requested Obama to pardon Manning over himself tweeting, "you alone can save her." The next day, WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange said he would accept extradition to the US if Obama grants Manning clemency. "Chelsea Manning is somebody who went through the military criminal justice process, was exposed to due process, was found guilty, was sentenced for her crimes, and she acknowledged wrongdoing," Earnest said last week. "Mr. Snowden fled into the arms of an adversary, and has sought refuge in a country that most recently made a concerted effort to undermine confidence in our democracy." More from IBTimes UK: Whistleblower Edward Snowden thanks Barack Obama for commuting Chelsea Manning's sentence Chelsea Manning: Obama commutes sentence of former soldier Pardon Snowden petition delivered to President Obama with over 1 million signatures To all who campaigned for clemency on Manning's behalf these last hard years, thank you. You made this happen: https://t.co/PaLvJDvDbl— Edward Snowden (@Snowden) January 17, 2017 Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close 5 things you didn’t know about Julian Assange Columnists Laura Bates “Trump and his white, male billionaires don't like women having all this freedom READ MORE IBT Media to host AI and Data Science in Capital Markets event AI and Data Science in Capital Markets takes place 1-2 March 2017 at... Stunning Apple iPhone 8 'X Edition' concept debuts with OLED dual-display and liquid metal frame Is this what Apple has in store for its anniversary iPhone? AlphaBay leak: Over 200,000 private messages from Dark Web drugs marketplace hacked 'The attacker was paid for his findings,' AlphaBay admins confirmed... Julian Assange: "I'm not a complete idiot!" outburst in TV interview about his extradition WikiLeaks chief speaks out on The Project about seeking conditions... 'Upskirt' porn website hit with massive data leak exposing 180,000 voyeurs Leak contained a number of military and government emails and IP... Epic dermis: Scientists develop 3D printer capable of producing 'living' human skin New technology could put an end to chemical and cosmetic product... Farewell, Fedora Guy: Demo supremo Bryan Roper axed in latest round of Microsoft job cuts Charismatic demo lead confirms he was 'impacted by layoffs' on... Mass Effect Andromeda is getting a 10-hour EA Access trial before launch The sci-fi RPG is set to release on 21 March in the US and 23 March... Faraday Future slapped with $1.8m lawsuit over unreleased 'holographic' electric car promo China-backed electric carmaker hits yet another bump in the road. Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Sign in or Register   PCs & Laptops Value Desktops High End Desktops Gaming Desktops All-in-one Desktops Value Laptops High End Laptops Gaming Laptops Ultraportable Laptops Misc PCs & Laptops Dell Store   Peripherals Monitors Printers Storage Keyboards & Mice Misc Peripherals Networking   Handhelds Budget Smartphones High-End Smartphones Tablets eReaders Wearables Misc Handhelds   Software Security Operating Systems Backup Office Suite Web Development Audio Video Photo Apps Misc Software   Components CPUs Motherboards Graphics Cards Storage Cases Power Supply Units Misc Components   Gadgets Photography & Video Home Theatre GPS Audio Virtual/Augmented reality Misc Gadgets     Hyper PixelCast   Forums Back Issues Search News • Reviews • Features • Galleries • A-List • Group Tests • Downloads • How To • Buy • Software Store Mobile Plans Broadband Plans Atomic Forums Upgrade Australia Home  »  General  »  Feature Futures: Trading cubicles for VR - the future of the office by Nicole Kobie  |  Wednesday 18 January 2017  | Comment Now Tech firms are leading the way in reworking office spaces. Nicole Kobie reveals what you can expect from the workplace of the future. Temperature bubbles that follow you from meeting to meeting, wireless docking for easy hot-desking, smart conference rooms that know who to dial in – such offices of the future may sound a tad more appealing than the current trend for open-plan designs with no privacy or personalisation.  For a glimpse of the future, look to the tech giants and startups: they’ve led the field when it comes to fun yet functional office space. Google’s Zurich office has a slide and massage room; Facebook’s Menlo Park headquarters includes a vending machine with free tech parts; and Apple is famously building a huge spaceship campus in its hometown of Cupertino. Even young startups have foosball tables and beer fridges to encourage staff to work for them.  As much fun as slides can be, most of us office drudges would settle for workspaces that don’t feel decades behind the rest of our lives. If any available technology lets us get the job done, rather than getting in the way, all the better. “While most employees are happy in their jobs, the technology capabilities of the workplace itself are becoming increasingly important to job satisfaction and personal happiness,” noted Neil Marshall, client solutions director for Dell. Virtual colleagues  According to Dell research, six in ten office workers around the world want AI – think chatbots – to work alongside them, because “they feel they could make their jobs easier”. A similar number believe augmented reality and virtual reality would be useful for training and problem-solving.  “For example, engineers will be able to leverage high-powered VR environments to design and interact with their work in a 3D workspace, and colleagues will be able to leverage VR and AR for training and meetings,” Marshall predicted, suggesting engineers would have full VR “caves” to explore their designs, while office workers would talk to overseas colleagues as though they’re across the desk via AR goggles.  “It sounds like science fiction, but it’s closer than you think,” he said, rattling off a string of VR partners including FedEx, Ford and Boeing. “From data analysis to training, VR has huge possibilities in the workplace.”  Internet of (office) things Cheaper, ubiquitous sensors will make it easier to monitor the office environment, and make it more comfortable (see “A desk that works for you”, opposite). “Technologies such as environmental sensors can help monitor and control lighting, heat, air conditioning, and other ambient controls based on presence or even the number of people in a given space,” predicted Alex Cho, vice president and general manager of commercial PCs at HP.  Displays, too, will move from your desktop to everywhere. “As devices become smaller, the need for a screen will still exist,” added Cho. “Walls, windows, and desktops could turn into instant, interactive displays for work.” Just be sure not to accidentally put up Candy Crush on your office’s windows when you’re having a bit of a break. Seamless working Building smarter offices is not all about future tech, but how existing systems are pulled together into “seamless computing”, said Dell’s Marshall. “Access to information will become ubiquitous, removing the concerns about how and where to access Wi-Fi and what data is stored locally and what is stored in the cloud,” he predicted. “Networking is just one part of resolving the office tangle. We’ll see a host of new wireless technologies become commonplace – such as wireless charging, displays and I/O.” Cho agreed, predicting a rise in flexible workspaces, already popularised by tech giants and startups. “Devices will become more seamless and contextual,” he added. “Users will be able to move from space to space, from one device to another – such as smartphone to notebook to tablet – fluidly, regardless of the operating system.”   He particularly hopes this happens with conferencing technologies. “When I walk into a meeting room, I want my PC to automatically recognise where I am and connect to available devices in the room for a presentation as well as connecting remote participants,” he said, noting that HP’s internal research shows that on average it takes 12 minutes to start a meeting. “Also, I’d like to automatically digitise any content that I may be writing on the whiteboard and email [it] to all meeting participants as part of the meeting notes.”  Do we even need offices?  Those meetings may become less frequent – a future many of us would welcome. Marshall said that the Dell report predicted that 60% of younger workers believe that communications technologies will make face-to-face meetings rare. That said, such a prediction has often been made of videoconferencing, yet in-person meetings persist.   “There are many different types of workers and creating a future-ready workplace is about optimising all of their experiences,” Marshall said. “A future-ready workplace has to appeal to those who need specialised tools and those who enjoy working from their own desk, too.” Cho added that while mobile working “is the norm and will only continue to grow” – with HP’s own research suggesting that 60% of office workers work in more than one location – he doesn’t “think we’ll see the office going away anytime in the future”. It may be mobile, virtual or filled with artificial intelligence, and even feature a slide or two, but the office will always remain as somewhere we go to do our work.  Related Articles 80% of IoT devices not tested for security flaws, says Ponemon Institute Can smart meters be blown up? We'll let you decide.... Google, HTC, Oculus, Samsung, Sony team up to create the Global VR Association Workplace is Facebook's answer to Slack Review: Oculus Touch gets you hands on in virtual worlds Source: Copyright © PC & Tech Authority, nextmedia Pty Ltd Copyright © Alphr, Dennis Publishing See more about:  cubicles  |  iot  |  virtual reality  |  workplace   Tweet Email this Print this Feedback   Readers of this article also read...   Stick or Switch: should PS4 and Xbox gamers buy Nintendo's new console?     Swearing on Facebook? It's a testament to your character     Global PC shipments decline for fifth year running, says Gartner     7 things you need to know about Nokia's new Android phones     Asus announces ROG GR8 II VR-ready PC   More in General (1 of 10 articles) NEWS Australia’s privacy laws gutted in court ruling on what is ‘personal information’ << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (2 of 10 articles) NEWS Atomic fragments running amok: time to take IPv6 security seriously? << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (3 of 10 articles) NEWS A user's guide to surviving Trump << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (4 of 10 articles) NEWS Giuliani and top Trump White House officials hacked, passwords leaked << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (5 of 10 articles) NEWS Anonymous threatens Donald Trump. Again << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (6 of 10 articles) NEWS Old fashioned DDoS attack planned to protest Trump's inauguration << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (7 of 10 articles) NEWS Sweden trials ambulances that jam other drivers’ speakers << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (8 of 10 articles) NEWS 28 hours to hack happiness << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (9 of 10 articles) NEWS Julian Assange promises US extradition in light of Chelsea Manning clemency << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (10 of 10 articles) NEWS The world’s most prolific national grid hackers have nothing on squirrels << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> Most Read Most Discussed Powered by Disqus Latest Comments Powered by Disqus Latest in General News Australia’s privacy laws gutted in court ruling on what is ‘perso... Review Star Wars BB8. Your little round BFF Feature Why learn spelling or maths if there’s an app for that? Gallery Gallery: Upgrade Australia 4.0! From our Partners     See more offers from the PC & Tech Authority Software Store     Sponsored Links Most popular tech stories 7 accounting packages for Australian small businesses compared: including MYOB, QuickBooks Online, Reckon, Xero 16 top tips for optimising Windows 10 36 top productivity-enhancing mobile apps How long will a UPS keep your computers on if the lights go out? How do I make sure my email is properly synced between all my computers? Avaya files for bankruptcy protection, CEO calls it the 'best path forward' Avaya says Australian operations will be "business as usual" following bankruptcy Sydney MSP Brennan IT cracks $93 million in first year under new CEO Stephen Sims Ignia director Joshua Boys joins Microsoft as new Azure lead Five ways Donald Trump's Presidency could affect Apple The CIO movements that made headlines in 2016 Landmark Australian ruling on what counts as 'personal information' NBN Co anticipating 'new problems' in metro rollout CEO ousted in AISA coup Meet Qld Health's five new technology execs 10 advanced tips for Rainbow Six Siege 20 key tips for succeeding at Rainbow Six Siege Battlecruiser 3000: Screaming into the Void A gorgeous fan collection of Battlefront Scarif DLC shots Review: Alienware's Alpha R2 is a lost cause About Us  |  Sitemap  |  Newsletter Archive  |  A-List  |  Advice  |  Top 10  |  Mobile Site  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Newsletters  |  Contact Us Atomic MPC  |  BIT  |  CRN Australia  |  iTnews  |  PC PowerPlay  |  SC Magazine Copyright © 2017 nextmedia Pty Ltd. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorisation. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of nextmedia's Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. Login to PC & Tech Authority Username: * Username required Password: * Password required Remember me  |  Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Register now! To request a new password, please enter the email address linked to your PC & Tech Authority account and we'll send one to you. Email: * Email required * Invalid Email address * Invalid Email address Click here to return to Login Form Become part of PC & Tech Authority Join our site to get stuck in with comments and discussions with other passionate readers and tech fans, and stay up to date with the latest news and reviews through our range of newsletters. Email* * Email address required * Invalid Email address I have read and accept the privacy policy and terms and conditions and by submitting my email address I agree to receive the PC & Tech Authority daily newsletter and receive special offers on behalf of PC & Tech Authority, nextmedia and its valued partners. We will not share your details with third parties. 1) Login Details First Name* * First name req'd Last Name* * Last name req'd Username* * Username required Password* * Password required Confirm Password* * Password confirmation required * Passwords don't match! 2) About You Country* -- Select a Country -- Australia Afghanistan Albania Åland Islands Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Virgin Islands British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Côte d'Ivoire Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon French Southern Territories Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Guam Guernsey Guinea Guinea Bissau Guyana Haiti Hong Kong Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Israel Isle of Man Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Jersey Korea Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macau Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Palestinian Territory, Occupied Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Qatar Puerto Rico Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Barthélemy Saint Lucia Saint Kitts & Nevis Saint Martin Saint Pierre & Miquelon Saint Vincent & the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands Soviet Union Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Togo Timor-Leste Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Uruguay United States Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Yemen Western Sahara Zambia Zimbabwe World Asia Indochina Europe England Scotland Middle East Asia-Pacific Global Asean * Country req'd State* -- Select -- NSW QLD VIC SA WA ACT NT TAS * State req'd Post Code* * Post Code req'd Birth Year* -- Select -- 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 * Birth year required Employment Role* -- Select Role -- IT Business Owner IT Executive IT Professional IT Entry-level IT Sales Non IT Business Owner Non IT Executive Non IT Professional Non IT Entry-Level Non IT Sales Other If 'Other', enter below: * Role required Company Size* -- Select Size -- 1 - 9 10 - 49 50 - 99 100 - 249 250 - 499 500 - 999 1000 - 2499 2500+ * Company Size required I only want to subscribe to the Daily newsletter I'd also like to subscribe to: Weekly newsletter Atomic, Hyper and Gaming newsletter Gadgets and Stuff newsletter Downloads newsletter Already have an account? Log in here. Processing registration... Please wait. This process can take up to a minute to complete. Please check your email A confirmation email has been sent to your email address - SUPPLIED EMAIL HERE. Please click on the link in the email to verify your email address. You need to verify your email before you can start posting. If you do not receive your confirmation email within the next few minutes, it may be because the email has been captured by a junk mail filter. Please ensure you add the domain @pcauthority.com.au to your white-listed senders. Click here to close this message Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content SuperSite for Windows Search: Stay Connected Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS IT/Dev Connections About Newsletter Register Log In Username or e-mail: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Windows Windows 10 Windows RT Windows 8 Windows 7 Windows Vista Windows XP Mobile Windows Phone Mobile Devices Cloud OneDrive Outlook.com Skype Windows Server Office Music & Videos Games Xbox 360 Xbox One Podcasts Advertisement Home > Cloud > Microsoft’s Nadella Warns Against ‘Hubris’ Amid AI Growth Microsoft’s Nadella Warns Against ‘Hubris’ Amid AI Growth Jan 17, 2017 Aaron Ricadela | Bloomberg EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Bloomberg Advertisement (Bloomberg) -- Microsoft Corp. and its competitors should eschew artificial intelligence systems that replace people instead of maximizing their time, Chief Executive Officer Satya Nadella said in an interview Monday. "The fundamental need of every person is to be able to use their time more effectively, not to say, ‘let us replace you’," Nadella said in an interview at the DLD conference in Munich. "This year and the next will be the key to democratizing AI. The most exciting thing to me is not just our own promise of AI as exhibited by these products, but to take that capability and put it in the hands of every developer and every organization." Nadella is pushing Microsoft into consumer and industrial applications of software that can make inferences about its environment. He cautioned his own company and competitors about "parlor tricks" that show AI’s power without preserving workers’ dignity. The 49-year-old who’s entering his fourth year as Microsoft’s CEO after succeeding Steve Ballmer in 2014, has presided over a 73 percent run-up in Microsoft’s shares and Azure cloud-computing revenue that’s been doubling year over year. He’s compelled Microsoft’s product groups to cooperate to ship products faster and has greatly expanded Microsoft software available on platforms other than Windows, including those from Apple Inc. and Google. Microsoft last month closed its $26 billion acquisition of LinkedIn Corp. "There’s a thin line between hubris and confidence," Nadella said. "Always there is risk of hubris coming back, missing trends. The only long-term indicator of success is, ‘how good is your internal culture?’" "What I’ve learned if anything in three years as CEO is, it’s not about celebrating one product," he said. "That, to me, is the sign of a company that’s built to last. In tech it’s even more harsh." TABLETS, WATCHES Microsoft suffered for a decade from a tendency to make stabs at technology it failed to propagate widely that ended up benefiting other companies -- mainly Apple. It developed tablet PCs, pocket computers and smartwatches in the early 2000s, and was selling software for cars in the 1990s.  "Because of Microsoft’s technical orientation, engineers have always wanted to stuff more and more features and tricks into the products," said Michael Cusumano, a professor of management at MIT Sloan School of Management who’s written three books about Microsoft and its leaders. "The products ended up becoming huge. That’s what slowed them down." On the AI frontier, Japan Airlines Co. is using Microsoft-developed holographic capabilities to simulate aircraft engines for training of repair technicians and to avoid costs of sending full repair crews to each broken plane. McDonald’s Corp. used Microsoft technology to develop an automated order-taking system that compensates for noise encountered during orders at a drive-through. Microsoft has also designed software that can protect staff who work in environments surrounded by robots. Microsoft last Friday said it acquired Maluuba, a Montreal-based AI startup specializing in analyzing written content, for example sifting through businesses’ documents to find experts in given fields. Yet Amazon.com Inc.’s Web Services division has been rapidly releasing AI services for businesses including the ability for developers to build spoken conversation support and speech translation. Alphabet Inc.’s Google last year rebuilt its Translate service using neural networks to improve accuracy and produce language that sounds more like what a native speaker would say, and has made strides in image recognition, music and art. "They’re all great advances," said Nadella, who’s reorganized the company’s research arm around AI and shipped products including Azure cloud-computing services and tools for developers to build applications for artificial intelligence applications. "We should be competitive there and we should be pushing there and we will be doing that," he said. "But what’s Microsoft’s unique contribution beyond doing that is democratizing the access to the same tools that we use for ourselves so that every developer can use them to create their own intelligence," he said. CLOUD CONCERNS As Nadella and other tech leaders head to the Davos elite gathering in Switzerland this week, cloud-computing’s relationship with data privacy in Europe is also top of mind for Microsoft and its competitors. European businesses and governments could be reluctant to store data in clouds operated by American tech companies if the U.S. government can order access to it, and Microsoft has sued the U.S. Department of Justice in two cases over the issue.Nadella said having data centers in Germany operated by Deutsche Telekom AG has "helped build trust with the German customers." The incoming Trump administration, European Union and China together need to weigh issues including the balance between security and data privacy, the CEO said. "We have business in each one of these countries," Nadella said. "These countries are going to have to work together and there are rightful concerns each one of these constituents has." Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Microsoft Ignite: Satya Nadella Outlines the Democratization of AI Microsoft to Release Translator App in AI Race Against Google Microsoft Creates New AI Research Group as Qi Lu Leaves Company Microsoft Acquires UK Based SwiftKey Microsoft Starts New Venture Fund With Investment in Bengio's Element AI Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WinSuperSite.com Windows Mobile Cloud Windows Server Office Music & Videos Games Podcasts Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site Penton Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Advertise Follow US Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Search WinSuperSite.com Search: SuperSite for Windows Related Penton Sites Dev Pro SharePoint Pro SQL Server Pro Windows IT Pro IT/Dev Connections myITforum Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
WHBQ Memphis LIVE http://www.fox13memphis.com/cmg-main-theme/css WHBQ Memphis SIGN IN REGISTER MEMBER CENTER SIGN OUT SIGN IN Sign in using your whbq profile Need a profile? Register now. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} OR Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In * Required fields {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_postalZip *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Reset your password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Live 7249941 Home 7249947 Weather FOX13 Radar 7 Day Forecast Hour by Hour Video Forecast Accuweather FOX13 Weather App 7249989 News Politics News Videos Zika Virus MLK in Memphis Recalls 230989619 Family Focus Holiday guide Back to School 7250109 Traffic 8435464 Investigates Crime/Most Wanted Submit a tip Missing Children 7250151 Sports Memphis Tigers Memphis Grizzlies Tennessee Titans High School Football 7250313 Video FOX13 Video Forecast 7250361 Watch Live News and Replay Live Breaking News 7250265 About Us FOX13 News Staff Contests What's on FOX13 Get Social Cox Careers Advertise with FOX13 Contact Us Newsletters Sign Up More Breaking News FOX13 Newsletter Sign Up Delivered To Your Inbox Newsletter: Sign Up Please Wait Thank You for Subscribing! Your newsletters will be arriving soon. AP Top Technology News at 6:34 p.m. EST Updated: Jan 17, 2017 - 11:00 PM Twtter Netflix's shrinking DVD service faces uncertain future Study illustrates Facebook's growth as campaign news source US sues Oracle, says it pays white men more than others California finishes safety review of wells after blowout Esquire network will transition from cable to online channel New prescription: Doctor offices that look like Apple stores Gadget mountain rising in Asia threatens health, environment SpaceX launches first rocket since explosion in Florida Facebook introduces measures to tackle fake news in Germany Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Twtter AP Top Technology News at 6:34 p.m. EST AP Top News at 4:53 p.m. EST AP Top U.S. News at 4:43 p.m. EST AP Top Political News at 4:53 p.m. EST AP Top International News at 4:34 p.m. EST News Local News National/World News Video Traffic FOX13 Weather Weather Download the FOX13 Weather App Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu About Us About FOX13 What's on FOX13 EEOC Statement FOX13 Public File © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. This station is part of Cox Media Group Television. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
TechRadar The source for Tech Buying Advice Search RSS Reviews How To Phones TVs Laptops Deals Photography More Car Tech Wearables Tablets Components Audiovisual Gaming Computing Downloads News Pro Trending Buying Guides Nintendo Switch iPhone 8 Samsung Galaxy S8 MacBook Pro MWC 2017 iOS 10.2 News Best Optus phones in Australia: 5 we recommend Best Optus phones in Australia: 5 we recommend By Sharmishta Sarkar Phones   The phones to use on the Optus network Shares Optus launched its 4G rollout exclusively in the Newcastle area in 2012, but since then has expanded to every capital city and key regional hubs in Australia. The telco now lays claim to the fact that 95 percent of Australians can use its 4G network.  There are plenty of reasons to be an Optus customer at the moment. Not only has the telco got a strong following thanks to its rollover data plans, it also enables you to pool your mobile data with your nearest and dearest. The Optus handset range features all of the latest options, and as you'd expect, there are plenty of big hitters in there. Here are our picks of the bunch. Apple iPhone 7 The iphone 7 may just be an incremental upgrade, but it’s still a great phone. Dual speakers, a slightly longer battery life as compared to its predecessor, improved camera that’s great in low light, faster A10 processor and double the internal capacity are why this smartphone is a good choice, despite its resemblance to the iPhone 6S. The loss of the headphone jack might be inconvenient, but the addition of the waterproof chassis ensures the new handset from the Cupertino firm is more robust than their predecessors, allowing it to survive a moderate plunge and a few mishaps. Optus has iPhone 7 plans starting at $76 a month for the 32GB model and 1GB data,  up to $143 per month for the 256GB model and 20GB of data. Read our review of the iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus The iPhone 7 Plus is markedly better than the smaller model, given its longer battery life, thanks to its larger size, and the addition of an innovative dual camera setup that’s easy to use. It’s a modest update, but there’s enough there to keep us excited. The water-resistant chassis now allows the iPhone to survive a moderate plunge in a metre of water for half an hour as well as making it feel a bit more robust than the previous models. There’s more RAM under the hood, and if it lost the headphone jack, it gained a new kind of vibrating motor and dual speakers. It boasts a new chip, improving its performance, and the iOS 10 updates keep adding features that work best on the new iPhone. These changes have made the iPhone 7 Plus the most expensive iPhone ever. To grab one of these impressive handsets on an Optus plan, you’ll be paying anywhere between $90 (32GB iPhone, 1GB of data) and $150 a month (256GB iPhone, 20GB of data). Read our iPhone 7 Plus review Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung took what was great about the Galaxy S6 and made improvements that make the S7 great. The Galaxy S7 might look similar to its predecessor, but there are some differences – rounder corners, a home key that blends seamlessly into the body without the usual metal trim, a gently sloping rear that makes the handset sit snuggly in the hand. The screen boasts crisp, clear colours and excellent contrast ratios. The auto brightness is ideal for outdoor visibility and Samsung (and also LG on the G5) added an always-on feature that displays a few different things, like time and date and battery level. A great camera, speedy processor and impressive battery life that can be conserved in the gaming mode are excellent talking points as well. The microSD slot allows memory expansion up to 200GB, something necessary for a device that’s great for gaming on the go. Optus has Samsung Galaxy S7 plans starting at $72 per month, up to $120 a month. And for a limited time only, every purchase of the Galaxy S7 (outright or in a 24-month plan) is eligible for a free Gear Fit 2 fitness band.  Read our review of the Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge Samsung has outdone itself by improving an already excellent, award-winning phone. Despite its larger size, the Galaxy S7 Edge fits comfortably in the hand, thanks to its slightly curved rear. A powerful processor inside the chassis makes this phone powerful and quick, and the battery lasts over 24 hours between charges even with heavy use. The charging is lightning quick, too. Samsung claims that 50% charge can be obtained in half an hour, provided you use the charger Samsung provides. The microSD slot has made a return with larger capacities of the higher-performing UFS 2.0 internal structure that makes everything work faster. Audio performance and the AMOLED screen’s display capabilities are excellent. Even the gaming experience is one of the best out there, but the Game Launcher could do with some improvements. The camera might be 12MP, but that makes its autofocus capabilities quick and low-light functionality brilliant. It’s a five-star phone and can be yours on an Optus plan from anywhere between $77 a month to $120 per month. And, until March 28, Samsung is offering a free Gear Fit 2 with every purchase of the Galaxy S7 Edge, redeemable online via the Samsung website. Read our review of the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge Huawei P9 Huawei wants to play with the big boys and has launched the P9 to be taken seriously. While it’s not as cheap as similar models from competitors like Oppo, it’s definitely cheaper than Apple’s or Samsung’s flagships. The P9’s aluminium body makes it comfortable to hold and its gorgeous design is complete with rounded corners and a smaller size as compared to other Android flagship phones. The phone has a 5.2-inch 1080p display which isn’t as good as the Nexus 6P, but Huawei decided to concentrate on the battery life than come up with a sparkling display – giving you an entire day’s use without needing a charge. Huawei has used its own HiSilicon Kirin 955 processor in this handset, giving it nearly as much grunt as the Samsung Galaxy S7. With 3GB RAM available for gaming, multitasking is a breeze. But the highlight is the dual-sensor shooter at the rear. Made in collaboration with Leica, the two 12MP sensors work together to produce images with plenty of details. The Huawei P9 is one of the best looking and performing phones the company has ever produced, and Optus has plans starting at $45 a month, up to $120 a month. Read our review of the Huawei P9 review If you’d like to go with one of Optus’ mobile plans for one of these handsets, here’s where you can compare them to help you make a choice. Tags Samsung Galaxy ABOUT THE AUTHOR Sharmishta Sarkar Sharmishta is an Australian TechRadar writer who's passionate about photography, loves the good old days of Star Trek, addicted to word games and obsessed with Calvin and Hobbes. She is the site's resident wildlife expert and can talk non-stop about all things mammals. And when she's not writing, she usually has her nose buried in a book... er, ereader. Related news US FTC charges Qualcomm with anticompetitive behavior Galaxy Note 7 still being used by 'thousands' of this US carrier's customers Mark Zuckerberg defends Oculus in case that could cost the VR company $2 billion The best cheap Sonos deals in January 2017 See more Phones news Load Comments Tech deals, prizes and latest news Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more! No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 Here’s why the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 batteries caught fire and exploded 2 8 things you need to delete from your Facebook page right now 3 10 best gaming laptops 2017: top gaming notebook reviews 4 Samsung Galaxy S8: release date and everything you should know 5 Best Kodi/XBMC streaming boxes 2017 1 Here’s why the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 batteries caught fire and exploded 2 8 things you need to delete from your Facebook page right now 3 Twitter apologizes for making you follow the new US President 4 The first ever truly upgradable laptop has a card up its sleeve 5 Huawei Mate 9, the best phone you need in 2017 TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian The Mercury News Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian A Silicon Valley down payment could buy you an… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Stumpy’s shutting down Most hated woman in U.S.? Marleau’s San Jose roots Photos: Clint Eastwood’s mansion Brady vs. Montana debate Lin-Manuel Miranda EGOT Breaking News Gov. Brown: ‘California is not turning back. Not now, not ever’ Business Real Estate A Silicon Valley down payment could buy you an entire house in much of the U.S. Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) A “sale pending” sign outside a home in Palo Alto (AP Photo/Paul Sakuma) By Richard Scheinin | rscheinin@bayareanewsgroup.com | PUBLISHED: January 16, 2017 at 11:33 am | UPDATED: January 17, 2017 at 3:00 am You’re probably used to hearing that Bay Area home prices are insane, unfair and punishing to potential buyers. Related Articles These 3 East Bay housing markets are among state’s “healthiest” Photos: Clint Eastwood selling Pebble Beach mansion Ask An Attorney: Can my landlord prohibit me from smoking and growing pot? Photos: Wacky California house sells for $1.255 million Photos: $1.4 million Orinda home once featured in Sunset But here’s a new way to look at the dilemma faced by the region’s homebuyers: The median 20 percent down payment on a house in metro San Jose is $192,320. Give or take a few bucks, that sum is equal to the median nationwide value of an entire house: $192,500. Those numbers come from a new analysis of the national market by Zillow, the online real estate database company. Reading this on your iPhone or iPad? Check out our new Apple News app channel here. Here’s another way to break down the burden of home buying in the Bay Area: The average buyer in the San Jose metro area (which includes Santa Clara and San Benito counties) must set aside 182 percent of his or her annual income — nearly two years’ worth of salary — to assemble the recommended 20 percent down payment. The median income in the metro area is $105,455; the median 20 percent down payment is $192,320, and the median home value is $961,600, according to Zillow. In the San Francisco metro area (which includes San Mateo, Alameda, Contra Costa and Marin counties), the situation is similar. The average buyer must set aside 180 percent of annual income to come up with 20 percent down. The median income is $91,777; the median 20 percent down payment is $164,920; and the median home value is $824,600. Compare that to the nation as a whole: The average American homebuyer has to set aside the equivalent of two-thirds of his or her annual income to make that 20 percent down payment. Alex Wang, an agent with the Sereno Group in Palo Alto, chuckled at the idea that homebuyers in much of the U.S. can get into a house with a down payment of about $40,000 — roughly 20 percent of the national median house price. “Wow, that’s interesting,” he said. And while most of his clients work in tech and can come up with the cash for the much higher down payment required in Silicon Valley — “they’re making decent salaries, a couple hundred thousand a year” — others do struggle. Bidding on a 4-bedroom house in Sunnyvale that listed for just under $2 million, one of Wang’s clients — an engineer, married to a doctor — recently offered $2.15 million. But he lost to another bidder, who offered $2.25 million. “My client was maxed out,” Wang said. “He wanted to be self-sufficient: `I’m independent. I don’t want my parents to help me.’ But now he’s realized he’s got to have that conversation with his mother to borrow a couple of hundred thousand dollars, just in case that situation happens again.” Around the region, it has “become more difficult to buy a home now, a first home,” said Margaret Garber-Teeter, an Alain Pinel agent based in Walnut Creek. “Unless they’re earning a top-tier income, they’re getting help from somebody or something, whether inheritance, stock, or getting money out of some other piece of real estate — somehow they’ve been given a lump sum of money. “Two teachers,” she said, as an example, “they can’t buy a house unless somebody helps them.” Where in the U.S. do buyers put aside the smallest share of income? In Pittsburgh, Indianapolis and Kansas City, where 48 percent of annual income covers a 20 percent down payment. Zillow also reports that 25 percent of first-time homebuyers in the U.S. rely on gifts from family and friends to gather enough funds to buy a house. And the report finds that saving for a down payment is the biggest worry of a fifth of all buyers. “While it’s possible to buy a house with a smaller down payment, 20 percent ensures the best rates,” said Jeremy Wacksman, Zillow’s chief marketing officer. “As important as it is to find a monthly payment you can afford, some buyers’ budgets will come down to the amount of cash they can bring to the table.” Much of the down-payment analysis is derived from the Zillow Group Report on Consumer Housing Trends. (Income figures come from the U.S. Census, while Zillow has taken median home values from its own Zillow Home Value Index.) Tags:  affordable housing All East Bay bay area housing Oakland Real Estate San Francisco Bay san jose Silicon Valley Richard Scheinin Richard Scheinin covers residential real estate for the Bay Area News Group. He has written for GQ and Rolling Stone and is the author of Field of Screams: The Dark Underside of America’s National Pastime (W.W. Norton), a history of baseball. During his 25-plus years based at The Mercury News, his work has been submitted for Pulitzer Prizes for reporting on religion, classical music and jazz. He shared in the Pulitzer Prize awarded to the Mercury News staff for coverage of the Loma Prieta earthquake. He has profiled hundreds of public figures, from Ike Turner to Tony La Russa. Follow Richard Scheinin @RealEstateRag Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Huge slide destroys Love Creek Falls in Santa Cruz Mountains Could Kyle Shanahan bail on the 49ers? San Jose: Pedestrian walking in roadway hit by Uber driver Is Stacey Dash today’s most hated woman in America? What’s behind the spate of recent Bay Area restaurant closures? Northern California twins sentenced to life for deadly crash San Jose: Proposal to ban display of Vietnam’s flag draws opposition Avalanche selfie: Two men buried in snow near Truckee miraculously rescued More in Real Estate These 3 East Bay housing markets are among state’s “healthiest” January 24, 2017, 1:30 pm Three East Bay housing markets are among financial technology company SmartAsset’s Top 10 “healthiest” housing markets in California. Photos: Clint Eastwood selling Pebble Beach mansion January 24, 2017, 11:15 am Clint Eastwood is selling his Pebble Beach, Calif. mansion for $9.75 million, according to The Spanish Colonial style property includes 6,900 square feet of living space on  4.7 acres. There are six private guest suites around a lovely courtyard. The main house has an expansive great room, ocean views, fireplaces, and skylit kitchen among many other amenities. The property was... Ask An Attorney: Can my landlord prohibit me from smoking and growing pot? January 18, 2017, 4:01 pm Cristina Semmer, a lawyer who counsels employers regarding Proposition 64 and workplace drug policies, answers questions about tenants’ and landlords’ rights on marijuana use and cultivation for TheCannifornian.com Photos: Wacky California house sells for $1.255 million January 17, 2017, 9:55 am An eclectic Orange County house with stained glass windows, red walls and medieval carvings has sold for $1.255 million. Built in 1925, the French-style house in the city of Orange hit the Multiple Listing Service in June at $1.3 million. The 2,196-square-foot home’s interiors include a box beam dining room ceiling and a tile fireplace by Ernest A. Batchelder, a... Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription All Access Subscriptions Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps Contact Us Corrections Reprints Archive Search Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Local Guide Fry’s Ad Public Notices © 2017 Digital First Media Site Map Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Bay Area News Group Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jan 24, 4:03 PM CST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology AT&T Officially Shuts Down 2G Wireless Network For Phones Like 1st Gen iPhone By Corazon Victorino On 01/17/17 AT 11:12 PM Close AT&T has finally folded its 2G wireless network. The Dallas-headquartered telecommunications company announced the news on Monday after careful thought in the previous years.  According to MacRumors, though AT&T announced the discontinuation of the network early this week, the implementation actually began on the first day of 2017. Thus, since Jan. 1, the wireless network that was still being used by a few people already ended.  AT&T’s 2G wireless network powered a few phones, including the first-generation iPhone. Apple’s first installment in its successful line of smartphones debuted with 2G service. With the shut down of the network, the device no longer receives cellular service. This means, owners of the dated handset will only be able to use it on WiFi mode.  Related Stories FCC Chair Tom Wheeler Says AT&T and Verizon Are In Violation Of Net Neutrality One More Time Before Stepping Down AT&T Raises The Price Of Its Grandfathered Unlimited Data Plans Apple Denies iPhone 6 Battery Replacement Program Reports The discontinuation is also timely because Apple has already abandoned its first-generation iPhone. It actually declared the device as obsolete four years ago. The handset only supports iOS 3, which was released way back in 2009. Developers have long terminated app development for the said operating system.  The carrier’s plan to discontinue the service started four years ago. AT&T even encouraged its clients to switch to 3G and 4G-supported devices throughout the four-year period. Clients were provided with these options at discounted rates.  The termination of the 2G wireless network frees up AT&T’s valuable spectrum for more advanced network technologies.  Soon, the company is allocating bandwidth for 4G LTE. The long-term picture however is very promising because AT&T is planning to support 5G, as first reported by AppleInsider.  Meanwhile, Apple is currently celebrating the 10th year anniversary of its iPhone line. It has already been a decade since the late Steve Jobs announced the first ever iPhone on Jan. 9, 2007 at the Macworld expo.  Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business How Many Cars Are Made In America? The simple, straightforward question has a convoluted answer. Technology Why The NFL Uses The Microsoft Surface Pro During Games Microsoft Surface Pro tablets have received criticism from Bill Belichick and other prominent members of the NFL. However, they have continuously improved efficiency and increased the options for in game adjustments. World French Mosque To Remain Closed Over 'Jihad' Fears A French court ruled the Al Rawda mosque stay closed until the end July, when the country’s state of emergency ends. National Is The Tech World Woman-Friendly? Yes And No, Study Finds Tech companies have an image problem with women. But when it comes to some employee policies, they are top places for women to work. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Business Technology Qualcomm faces FTC lawsuit over patent licensing Qualcomm has been sued by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission over its patent licensing practices. Qualcomm Qualcomm has been sued by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission over its patent licensing practices. Qualcomm has been sued by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission over its patent licensing practices. (Qualcomm) Mike FreemanContact Reporter A U.S. regulator has sued Qualcomm over the way it licenses cellular patents to smartphone makers — joining South Korea and potentially other governments in seeking to upend the San Diego’s company’s patent royalty practices. The Federal Trade Commission filed the civil lawsuit Tuesday in U.S. District Court in Northern California. The company also faces investigations in Europe, Japan and Taiwan. The FTC lawsuit comes a month after the Korea Fair Trade Commission fined Qualcomm $865 million over patent royalties. The company vowed to fight in South Korea’s courts, calling the regulators’ action inconsistent with the facts and a misapplication of fundamental tenets of competition law. The FTC alleges Qualcomm used its dominant market share in wireless chips to get excessive royalties on key, standard essential patents, which are supposed to be made available at reasonable rates under law. The agency also says Qualcomm gave Apple rebates in exchange for being the exclusive supplier of cellular modems in iPhones from 2011 through 2015 — hurting competitors. The FTC isn’t seeking specific damages but asked the court to take steps to prevent Qualcomm’s alleged anti-competitive practices from happening again. The agency’s governing board voted 2-1 to bring the lawsuit. Commissioner Maureen Ohlhausen objected on the grounds that court action is based on a flawed legal theory, will undermine U.S. intellectual property rights worldwide and comes on the eve of a new presidential administration. Qualcomm echoed those concerns, calling the FTC’s lawsuit “midnight litigation” brought as Chairwoman Edith Ramirez leaves the agency and President-Elect Donald Trump takes over the White House. “Qualcomm was still receiving requests for information from the agency that would be necessary to an informed view of the facts when it became apparent that the FTC was driving to file a complaint before the transition to the new Administration,” said Qualcomm General Counsel Don Rosenberg in a written statement. “We have grave concerns about the two Commissioners’ decision to bring this case despite a lack of evidence supporting the allegations and theories in the complaint.” Qualcomm makes money not only designing mobile semiconductors, but also by licensing its vast portfolio of wireless patents on key cellular technology. While sales of wireless semiconductors generated nearly two-thirds of Qualcomm’s $23.5 billion in revenue last year, patent licensing accounted for the bulk of its $5.7 billion in profit. The company’s patent licensing business has been controversial, with smartphone makers complaining that the company charges too much for its intellectual property. Qualcomm contends that its cellular technology is vital to making smartphones truly mobile. Without it, devices could not tap into the wireless Internet from virtually anywhere. Qualcomm charges patent royalties that average about 3 percent based on the wholesale price of the smartphone. The company typically licenses its entire wireless patent portfolio, which includes thousands of diverse inventions.   Regulators worldwide ratcheted up scrutiny of Qualcomm in the wake of China’s 13-month long anti-monopoly probe, which resulted in a $975 million fine in February 2015. The FTC began investigating Qualcomm’s patent business in late 2014. In its complaint Tuesday, the agency singled out Qualcomm’s “no license, no chips” policy, which requires smartphone makers that buy the company’s wireless semiconductors to also license its patents. The FTC contends that the tactic forces cell phone manufacturers to pay higher royalties regardless of whether they buy chips from Qualcomm or rivals such Intel or MediaTek. “This is an anti-competitive tax on the use of rivals’ processors,” said the FTC in a statement.  Because of its dominant market position, the risk of losing access to Qualcomm’s cellular modems is too great for smartphone makers to not take a license, according to the complaint. Qualcomm licenses patents to device makers but refuses to license to rival chip firms, according to the FTC. In addition, the complaint says Qualcomm gave Apple rebates to make sure it was the exclusive supplier of cellular modems in iPhones from 2011 through 2015. “Qualcomm recognized that any competitor that won Apple’s business would become stronger, and used exclusivity to prevent Apple from working with and improving the effectiveness of Qualcomm’s competitors,” said the FTC. During that period, Qualcomm had a significant technology advantage over rivals in performance of 4G LTE wireless data modems. Last year, Apple began using Intel for LTE chips in some iPhones as it caught up with Qualcomm. Qualcomm’s shares ended trading Tuesday down 4 percent at $64.19 on the Nasdaq. Caption Trump names FCC Commissioner Ajit Pai Pai, 44, wants to "fire up the weed whacker" and remove new regulations adopted by Democrats in recent years. Pai, 44, wants to "fire up the weed whacker" and remove new regulations adopted by Democrats in recent years. Caption Trump names FCC Commissioner Ajit Pai Pai, 44, wants to "fire up the weed whacker" and remove new regulations adopted by Democrats in recent years. Pai, 44, wants to "fire up the weed whacker" and remove new regulations adopted by Democrats in recent years. Caption Aetna slashes Obamacare participation Aetna's about-face on the ACA came less than a month after the Justice Department sued to block the company's $37-billion purchase of Humana. (Jan. 23, 2017) Aetna's about-face on the ACA came less than a month after the Justice Department sued to block the company's $37-billion purchase of Humana. (Jan. 23, 2017) Caption Sprint partners with Tidal A source familiar with the deal told Billboard that Sprint paid $200 million for its 33% stake in Tidal. (Jan. 23, 2017) A source familiar with the deal told Billboard that Sprint paid $200 million for its 33% stake in Tidal. (Jan. 23, 2017) Caption The priciest house for sale in the U.S. The mansion has a four-lane bowling alley, a candy room filled with towering cylinders of sweets and two wine cellars stocked with hundreds of bottles of Champagne and wine. (Jan. 19, 2017) The mansion has a four-lane bowling alley, a candy room filled with towering cylinders of sweets and two wine cellars stocked with hundreds of bottles of Champagne and wine. (Jan. 19, 2017) Caption Government sues America's largest student loan servicer The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau accused Navient Corp. of cheating borrowers. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau accused Navient Corp. of cheating borrowers. mike.freeman@sduniontribune.com;  Twitter:@TechDiego 760-529-4973 Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, The San Diego Union-Tribune Qualcomm Inc. Federal Trade Commission Intel Corp. 3 reasons to defend Trump's Dakota Access and Keystone XL pipeline decision Rivers plays one more game for S.D. Chargers Sizing up new Raiders hire John Pagano US Politics NFL Latest Most Popular Today's Paper Jobs Homes Cars 57°
Business Technology Qualcomm faces FTC lawsuit over patent licensing Qualcomm has been sued by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission over its patent licensing practices. Qualcomm Qualcomm has been sued by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission over its patent licensing practices. Qualcomm has been sued by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission over its patent licensing practices. (Qualcomm) Mike FreemanContact Reporter A U.S. regulator has sued Qualcomm over the way it licenses cellular patents to smartphone makers — joining South Korea and potentially other governments in seeking to upend the San Diego’s company’s patent royalty practices. The Federal Trade Commission filed the civil lawsuit Tuesday in U.S. District Court in Northern California. The company also faces investigations in Europe, Japan and Taiwan. The FTC lawsuit comes a month after the Korea Fair Trade Commission fined Qualcomm $865 million over patent royalties. The company vowed to fight in South Korea’s courts, calling the regulators’ action inconsistent with the facts and a misapplication of fundamental tenets of competition law. The FTC alleges Qualcomm used its dominant market share in wireless chips to get excessive royalties on key, standard essential patents, which are supposed to be made available at reasonable rates under law. The agency also says Qualcomm gave Apple rebates in exchange for being the exclusive supplier of cellular modems in iPhones from 2011 through 2015 — hurting competitors. The FTC isn’t seeking specific damages but asked the court to take steps to prevent Qualcomm’s alleged anti-competitive practices from happening again. The agency’s governing board voted 2-1 to bring the lawsuit. Commissioner Maureen Ohlhausen objected on the grounds that court action is based on a flawed legal theory, will undermine U.S. intellectual property rights worldwide and comes on the eve of a new presidential administration. Qualcomm echoed those concerns, calling the FTC’s lawsuit “midnight litigation” brought as Chairwoman Edith Ramirez leaves the agency and President-Elect Donald Trump takes over the White House. “Qualcomm was still receiving requests for information from the agency that would be necessary to an informed view of the facts when it became apparent that the FTC was driving to file a complaint before the transition to the new Administration,” said Qualcomm General Counsel Don Rosenberg in a written statement. “We have grave concerns about the two Commissioners’ decision to bring this case despite a lack of evidence supporting the allegations and theories in the complaint.” Qualcomm makes money not only designing mobile semiconductors, but also by licensing its vast portfolio of wireless patents on key cellular technology. While sales of wireless semiconductors generated nearly two-thirds of Qualcomm’s $23.5 billion in revenue last year, patent licensing accounted for the bulk of its $5.7 billion in profit. The company’s patent licensing business has been controversial, with smartphone makers complaining that the company charges too much for its intellectual property. Qualcomm contends that its cellular technology is vital to making smartphones truly mobile. Without it, devices could not tap into the wireless Internet from virtually anywhere. Qualcomm charges patent royalties that average about 3 percent based on the wholesale price of the smartphone. The company typically licenses its entire wireless patent portfolio, which includes thousands of diverse inventions.   Regulators worldwide ratcheted up scrutiny of Qualcomm in the wake of China’s 13-month long anti-monopoly probe, which resulted in a $975 million fine in February 2015. The FTC began investigating Qualcomm’s patent business in late 2014. In its complaint Tuesday, the agency singled out Qualcomm’s “no license, no chips” policy, which requires smartphone makers that buy the company’s wireless semiconductors to also license its patents. The FTC contends that the tactic forces cell phone manufacturers to pay higher royalties regardless of whether they buy chips from Qualcomm or rivals such Intel or MediaTek. “This is an anti-competitive tax on the use of rivals’ processors,” said the FTC in a statement.  Because of its dominant market position, the risk of losing access to Qualcomm’s cellular modems is too great for smartphone makers to not take a license, according to the complaint. Qualcomm licenses patents to device makers but refuses to license to rival chip firms, according to the FTC. In addition, the complaint says Qualcomm gave Apple rebates to make sure it was the exclusive supplier of cellular modems in iPhones from 2011 through 2015. “Qualcomm recognized that any competitor that won Apple’s business would become stronger, and used exclusivity to prevent Apple from working with and improving the effectiveness of Qualcomm’s competitors,” said the FTC. During that period, Qualcomm had a significant technology advantage over rivals in performance of 4G LTE wireless data modems. Last year, Apple began using Intel for LTE chips in some iPhones as it caught up with Qualcomm. Qualcomm’s shares ended trading Tuesday down 4 percent at $64.19 on the Nasdaq. Caption Trump names FCC Commissioner Ajit Pai Pai, 44, wants to "fire up the weed whacker" and remove new regulations adopted by Democrats in recent years. Pai, 44, wants to "fire up the weed whacker" and remove new regulations adopted by Democrats in recent years. Caption Trump names FCC Commissioner Ajit Pai Pai, 44, wants to "fire up the weed whacker" and remove new regulations adopted by Democrats in recent years. Pai, 44, wants to "fire up the weed whacker" and remove new regulations adopted by Democrats in recent years. Caption Aetna slashes Obamacare participation Aetna's about-face on the ACA came less than a month after the Justice Department sued to block the company's $37-billion purchase of Humana. (Jan. 23, 2017) Aetna's about-face on the ACA came less than a month after the Justice Department sued to block the company's $37-billion purchase of Humana. (Jan. 23, 2017) Caption Sprint partners with Tidal A source familiar with the deal told Billboard that Sprint paid $200 million for its 33% stake in Tidal. (Jan. 23, 2017) A source familiar with the deal told Billboard that Sprint paid $200 million for its 33% stake in Tidal. (Jan. 23, 2017) Caption The priciest house for sale in the U.S. The mansion has a four-lane bowling alley, a candy room filled with towering cylinders of sweets and two wine cellars stocked with hundreds of bottles of Champagne and wine. (Jan. 19, 2017) The mansion has a four-lane bowling alley, a candy room filled with towering cylinders of sweets and two wine cellars stocked with hundreds of bottles of Champagne and wine. (Jan. 19, 2017) Caption Government sues America's largest student loan servicer The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau accused Navient Corp. of cheating borrowers. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau accused Navient Corp. of cheating borrowers. mike.freeman@sduniontribune.com;  Twitter:@TechDiego 760-529-4973 Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, The San Diego Union-Tribune Qualcomm Inc. Federal Trade Commission Intel Corp. 3 reasons to defend Trump's Dakota Access and Keystone XL pipeline decision Rivers plays one more game for S.D. Chargers Sizing up new Raiders hire John Pagano US Politics NFL Latest Most Popular Today's Paper Jobs Homes Cars 57°
Business Technology Qualcomm faces FTC lawsuit over patent licensing Qualcomm has been sued by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission over its patent licensing practices. Qualcomm Qualcomm has been sued by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission over its patent licensing practices. Qualcomm has been sued by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission over its patent licensing practices. (Qualcomm) Mike FreemanContact Reporter A U.S. regulator has sued Qualcomm over the way it licenses cellular patents to smartphone makers — joining South Korea and potentially other governments in seeking to upend the San Diego’s company’s patent royalty practices. The Federal Trade Commission filed the civil lawsuit Tuesday in U.S. District Court in Northern California. The company also faces investigations in Europe, Japan and Taiwan. The FTC lawsuit comes a month after the Korea Fair Trade Commission fined Qualcomm $865 million over patent royalties. The company vowed to fight in South Korea’s courts, calling the regulators’ action inconsistent with the facts and a misapplication of fundamental tenets of competition law. The FTC alleges Qualcomm used its dominant market share in wireless chips to get excessive royalties on key, standard essential patents, which are supposed to be made available at reasonable rates under law. The agency also says Qualcomm gave Apple rebates in exchange for being the exclusive supplier of cellular modems in iPhones from 2011 through 2015 — hurting competitors. The FTC isn’t seeking specific damages but asked the court to take steps to prevent Qualcomm’s alleged anti-competitive practices from happening again. The agency’s governing board voted 2-1 to bring the lawsuit. Commissioner Maureen Ohlhausen objected on the grounds that court action is based on a flawed legal theory, will undermine U.S. intellectual property rights worldwide and comes on the eve of a new presidential administration. Qualcomm echoed those concerns, calling the FTC’s lawsuit “midnight litigation” brought as Chairwoman Edith Ramirez leaves the agency and President-Elect Donald Trump takes over the White House. “Qualcomm was still receiving requests for information from the agency that would be necessary to an informed view of the facts when it became apparent that the FTC was driving to file a complaint before the transition to the new Administration,” said Qualcomm General Counsel Don Rosenberg in a written statement. “We have grave concerns about the two Commissioners’ decision to bring this case despite a lack of evidence supporting the allegations and theories in the complaint.” Qualcomm makes money not only designing mobile semiconductors, but also by licensing its vast portfolio of wireless patents on key cellular technology. While sales of wireless semiconductors generated nearly two-thirds of Qualcomm’s $23.5 billion in revenue last year, patent licensing accounted for the bulk of its $5.7 billion in profit. The company’s patent licensing business has been controversial, with smartphone makers complaining that the company charges too much for its intellectual property. Qualcomm contends that its cellular technology is vital to making smartphones truly mobile. Without it, devices could not tap into the wireless Internet from virtually anywhere. Qualcomm charges patent royalties that average about 3 percent based on the wholesale price of the smartphone. The company typically licenses its entire wireless patent portfolio, which includes thousands of diverse inventions.   Regulators worldwide ratcheted up scrutiny of Qualcomm in the wake of China’s 13-month long anti-monopoly probe, which resulted in a $975 million fine in February 2015. The FTC began investigating Qualcomm’s patent business in late 2014. In its complaint Tuesday, the agency singled out Qualcomm’s “no license, no chips” policy, which requires smartphone makers that buy the company’s wireless semiconductors to also license its patents. The FTC contends that the tactic forces cell phone manufacturers to pay higher royalties regardless of whether they buy chips from Qualcomm or rivals such Intel or MediaTek. “This is an anti-competitive tax on the use of rivals’ processors,” said the FTC in a statement.  Because of its dominant market position, the risk of losing access to Qualcomm’s cellular modems is too great for smartphone makers to not take a license, according to the complaint. Qualcomm licenses patents to device makers but refuses to license to rival chip firms, according to the FTC. In addition, the complaint says Qualcomm gave Apple rebates to make sure it was the exclusive supplier of cellular modems in iPhones from 2011 through 2015. “Qualcomm recognized that any competitor that won Apple’s business would become stronger, and used exclusivity to prevent Apple from working with and improving the effectiveness of Qualcomm’s competitors,” said the FTC. During that period, Qualcomm had a significant technology advantage over rivals in performance of 4G LTE wireless data modems. Last year, Apple began using Intel for LTE chips in some iPhones as it caught up with Qualcomm. Qualcomm’s shares ended trading Tuesday down 4 percent at $64.19 on the Nasdaq. Caption Trump names FCC Commissioner Ajit Pai Pai, 44, wants to "fire up the weed whacker" and remove new regulations adopted by Democrats in recent years. Pai, 44, wants to "fire up the weed whacker" and remove new regulations adopted by Democrats in recent years. Caption Trump names FCC Commissioner Ajit Pai Pai, 44, wants to "fire up the weed whacker" and remove new regulations adopted by Democrats in recent years. Pai, 44, wants to "fire up the weed whacker" and remove new regulations adopted by Democrats in recent years. Caption Aetna slashes Obamacare participation Aetna's about-face on the ACA came less than a month after the Justice Department sued to block the company's $37-billion purchase of Humana. (Jan. 23, 2017) Aetna's about-face on the ACA came less than a month after the Justice Department sued to block the company's $37-billion purchase of Humana. (Jan. 23, 2017) Caption Sprint partners with Tidal A source familiar with the deal told Billboard that Sprint paid $200 million for its 33% stake in Tidal. (Jan. 23, 2017) A source familiar with the deal told Billboard that Sprint paid $200 million for its 33% stake in Tidal. (Jan. 23, 2017) Caption The priciest house for sale in the U.S. The mansion has a four-lane bowling alley, a candy room filled with towering cylinders of sweets and two wine cellars stocked with hundreds of bottles of Champagne and wine. (Jan. 19, 2017) The mansion has a four-lane bowling alley, a candy room filled with towering cylinders of sweets and two wine cellars stocked with hundreds of bottles of Champagne and wine. (Jan. 19, 2017) Caption Government sues America's largest student loan servicer The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau accused Navient Corp. of cheating borrowers. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau accused Navient Corp. of cheating borrowers. mike.freeman@sduniontribune.com;  Twitter:@TechDiego 760-529-4973 Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, The San Diego Union-Tribune Qualcomm Inc. Federal Trade Commission Intel Corp. 3 reasons to defend Trump's Dakota Access and Keystone XL pipeline decision Rivers plays one more game for S.D. Chargers Sizing up new Raiders hire John Pagano US Politics NFL Latest Most Popular Today's Paper Jobs Homes Cars 57°
Business Technology Qualcomm faces FTC lawsuit over patent licensing Qualcomm has been sued by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission over its patent licensing practices. Qualcomm Qualcomm has been sued by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission over its patent licensing practices. Qualcomm has been sued by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission over its patent licensing practices. (Qualcomm) Mike FreemanContact Reporter A U.S. regulator has sued Qualcomm over the way it licenses cellular patents to smartphone makers — joining South Korea and potentially other governments in seeking to upend the San Diego’s company’s patent royalty practices. The Federal Trade Commission filed the civil lawsuit Tuesday in U.S. District Court in Northern California. The company also faces investigations in Europe, Japan and Taiwan. The FTC lawsuit comes a month after the Korea Fair Trade Commission fined Qualcomm $865 million over patent royalties. The company vowed to fight in South Korea’s courts, calling the regulators’ action inconsistent with the facts and a misapplication of fundamental tenets of competition law. The FTC alleges Qualcomm used its dominant market share in wireless chips to get excessive royalties on key, standard essential patents, which are supposed to be made available at reasonable rates under law. The agency also says Qualcomm gave Apple rebates in exchange for being the exclusive supplier of cellular modems in iPhones from 2011 through 2015 — hurting competitors. The FTC isn’t seeking specific damages but asked the court to take steps to prevent Qualcomm’s alleged anti-competitive practices from happening again. The agency’s governing board voted 2-1 to bring the lawsuit. Commissioner Maureen Ohlhausen objected on the grounds that court action is based on a flawed legal theory, will undermine U.S. intellectual property rights worldwide and comes on the eve of a new presidential administration. Qualcomm echoed those concerns, calling the FTC’s lawsuit “midnight litigation” brought as Chairwoman Edith Ramirez leaves the agency and President-Elect Donald Trump takes over the White House. “Qualcomm was still receiving requests for information from the agency that would be necessary to an informed view of the facts when it became apparent that the FTC was driving to file a complaint before the transition to the new Administration,” said Qualcomm General Counsel Don Rosenberg in a written statement. “We have grave concerns about the two Commissioners’ decision to bring this case despite a lack of evidence supporting the allegations and theories in the complaint.” Qualcomm makes money not only designing mobile semiconductors, but also by licensing its vast portfolio of wireless patents on key cellular technology. While sales of wireless semiconductors generated nearly two-thirds of Qualcomm’s $23.5 billion in revenue last year, patent licensing accounted for the bulk of its $5.7 billion in profit. The company’s patent licensing business has been controversial, with smartphone makers complaining that the company charges too much for its intellectual property. Qualcomm contends that its cellular technology is vital to making smartphones truly mobile. Without it, devices could not tap into the wireless Internet from virtually anywhere. Qualcomm charges patent royalties that average about 3 percent based on the wholesale price of the smartphone. The company typically licenses its entire wireless patent portfolio, which includes thousands of diverse inventions.   Regulators worldwide ratcheted up scrutiny of Qualcomm in the wake of China’s 13-month long anti-monopoly probe, which resulted in a $975 million fine in February 2015. The FTC began investigating Qualcomm’s patent business in late 2014. In its complaint Tuesday, the agency singled out Qualcomm’s “no license, no chips” policy, which requires smartphone makers that buy the company’s wireless semiconductors to also license its patents. The FTC contends that the tactic forces cell phone manufacturers to pay higher royalties regardless of whether they buy chips from Qualcomm or rivals such Intel or MediaTek. “This is an anti-competitive tax on the use of rivals’ processors,” said the FTC in a statement.  Because of its dominant market position, the risk of losing access to Qualcomm’s cellular modems is too great for smartphone makers to not take a license, according to the complaint. Qualcomm licenses patents to device makers but refuses to license to rival chip firms, according to the FTC. In addition, the complaint says Qualcomm gave Apple rebates to make sure it was the exclusive supplier of cellular modems in iPhones from 2011 through 2015. “Qualcomm recognized that any competitor that won Apple’s business would become stronger, and used exclusivity to prevent Apple from working with and improving the effectiveness of Qualcomm’s competitors,” said the FTC. During that period, Qualcomm had a significant technology advantage over rivals in performance of 4G LTE wireless data modems. Last year, Apple began using Intel for LTE chips in some iPhones as it caught up with Qualcomm. Qualcomm’s shares ended trading Tuesday down 4 percent at $64.19 on the Nasdaq. Caption Trump names FCC Commissioner Ajit Pai Pai, 44, wants to "fire up the weed whacker" and remove new regulations adopted by Democrats in recent years. Pai, 44, wants to "fire up the weed whacker" and remove new regulations adopted by Democrats in recent years. Caption Trump names FCC Commissioner Ajit Pai Pai, 44, wants to "fire up the weed whacker" and remove new regulations adopted by Democrats in recent years. Pai, 44, wants to "fire up the weed whacker" and remove new regulations adopted by Democrats in recent years. Caption Aetna slashes Obamacare participation Aetna's about-face on the ACA came less than a month after the Justice Department sued to block the company's $37-billion purchase of Humana. (Jan. 23, 2017) Aetna's about-face on the ACA came less than a month after the Justice Department sued to block the company's $37-billion purchase of Humana. (Jan. 23, 2017) Caption Sprint partners with Tidal A source familiar with the deal told Billboard that Sprint paid $200 million for its 33% stake in Tidal. (Jan. 23, 2017) A source familiar with the deal told Billboard that Sprint paid $200 million for its 33% stake in Tidal. (Jan. 23, 2017) Caption The priciest house for sale in the U.S. The mansion has a four-lane bowling alley, a candy room filled with towering cylinders of sweets and two wine cellars stocked with hundreds of bottles of Champagne and wine. (Jan. 19, 2017) The mansion has a four-lane bowling alley, a candy room filled with towering cylinders of sweets and two wine cellars stocked with hundreds of bottles of Champagne and wine. (Jan. 19, 2017) Caption Government sues America's largest student loan servicer The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau accused Navient Corp. of cheating borrowers. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau accused Navient Corp. of cheating borrowers. mike.freeman@sduniontribune.com;  Twitter:@TechDiego 760-529-4973 Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, The San Diego Union-Tribune Qualcomm Inc. Federal Trade Commission Intel Corp. 3 reasons to defend Trump's Dakota Access and Keystone XL pipeline decision Rivers plays one more game for S.D. Chargers Sizing up new Raiders hire John Pagano US Politics NFL Latest Most Popular Today's Paper Jobs Homes Cars 57°
Business Technology Qualcomm faces FTC lawsuit over patent licensing Qualcomm has been sued by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission over its patent licensing practices. Qualcomm Qualcomm has been sued by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission over its patent licensing practices. Qualcomm has been sued by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission over its patent licensing practices. (Qualcomm) Mike FreemanContact Reporter A U.S. regulator has sued Qualcomm over the way it licenses cellular patents to smartphone makers — joining South Korea and potentially other governments in seeking to upend the San Diego’s company’s patent royalty practices. The Federal Trade Commission filed the civil lawsuit Tuesday in U.S. District Court in Northern California. The company also faces investigations in Europe, Japan and Taiwan. The FTC lawsuit comes a month after the Korea Fair Trade Commission fined Qualcomm $865 million over patent royalties. The company vowed to fight in South Korea’s courts, calling the regulators’ action inconsistent with the facts and a misapplication of fundamental tenets of competition law. The FTC alleges Qualcomm used its dominant market share in wireless chips to get excessive royalties on key, standard essential patents, which are supposed to be made available at reasonable rates under law. The agency also says Qualcomm gave Apple rebates in exchange for being the exclusive supplier of cellular modems in iPhones from 2011 through 2015 — hurting competitors. The FTC isn’t seeking specific damages but asked the court to take steps to prevent Qualcomm’s alleged anti-competitive practices from happening again. The agency’s governing board voted 2-1 to bring the lawsuit. Commissioner Maureen Ohlhausen objected on the grounds that court action is based on a flawed legal theory, will undermine U.S. intellectual property rights worldwide and comes on the eve of a new presidential administration. Qualcomm echoed those concerns, calling the FTC’s lawsuit “midnight litigation” brought as Chairwoman Edith Ramirez leaves the agency and President-Elect Donald Trump takes over the White House. “Qualcomm was still receiving requests for information from the agency that would be necessary to an informed view of the facts when it became apparent that the FTC was driving to file a complaint before the transition to the new Administration,” said Qualcomm General Counsel Don Rosenberg in a written statement. “We have grave concerns about the two Commissioners’ decision to bring this case despite a lack of evidence supporting the allegations and theories in the complaint.” Qualcomm makes money not only designing mobile semiconductors, but also by licensing its vast portfolio of wireless patents on key cellular technology. While sales of wireless semiconductors generated nearly two-thirds of Qualcomm’s $23.5 billion in revenue last year, patent licensing accounted for the bulk of its $5.7 billion in profit. The company’s patent licensing business has been controversial, with smartphone makers complaining that the company charges too much for its intellectual property. Qualcomm contends that its cellular technology is vital to making smartphones truly mobile. Without it, devices could not tap into the wireless Internet from virtually anywhere. Qualcomm charges patent royalties that average about 3 percent based on the wholesale price of the smartphone. The company typically licenses its entire wireless patent portfolio, which includes thousands of diverse inventions.   Regulators worldwide ratcheted up scrutiny of Qualcomm in the wake of China’s 13-month long anti-monopoly probe, which resulted in a $975 million fine in February 2015. The FTC began investigating Qualcomm’s patent business in late 2014. In its complaint Tuesday, the agency singled out Qualcomm’s “no license, no chips” policy, which requires smartphone makers that buy the company’s wireless semiconductors to also license its patents. The FTC contends that the tactic forces cell phone manufacturers to pay higher royalties regardless of whether they buy chips from Qualcomm or rivals such Intel or MediaTek. “This is an anti-competitive tax on the use of rivals’ processors,” said the FTC in a statement.  Because of its dominant market position, the risk of losing access to Qualcomm’s cellular modems is too great for smartphone makers to not take a license, according to the complaint. Qualcomm licenses patents to device makers but refuses to license to rival chip firms, according to the FTC. In addition, the complaint says Qualcomm gave Apple rebates to make sure it was the exclusive supplier of cellular modems in iPhones from 2011 through 2015. “Qualcomm recognized that any competitor that won Apple’s business would become stronger, and used exclusivity to prevent Apple from working with and improving the effectiveness of Qualcomm’s competitors,” said the FTC. During that period, Qualcomm had a significant technology advantage over rivals in performance of 4G LTE wireless data modems. Last year, Apple began using Intel for LTE chips in some iPhones as it caught up with Qualcomm. Qualcomm’s shares ended trading Tuesday down 4 percent at $64.19 on the Nasdaq. Caption Trump names FCC Commissioner Ajit Pai Pai, 44, wants to "fire up the weed whacker" and remove new regulations adopted by Democrats in recent years. Pai, 44, wants to "fire up the weed whacker" and remove new regulations adopted by Democrats in recent years. Caption Trump names FCC Commissioner Ajit Pai Pai, 44, wants to "fire up the weed whacker" and remove new regulations adopted by Democrats in recent years. Pai, 44, wants to "fire up the weed whacker" and remove new regulations adopted by Democrats in recent years. Caption Aetna slashes Obamacare participation Aetna's about-face on the ACA came less than a month after the Justice Department sued to block the company's $37-billion purchase of Humana. (Jan. 23, 2017) Aetna's about-face on the ACA came less than a month after the Justice Department sued to block the company's $37-billion purchase of Humana. (Jan. 23, 2017) Caption Sprint partners with Tidal A source familiar with the deal told Billboard that Sprint paid $200 million for its 33% stake in Tidal. (Jan. 23, 2017) A source familiar with the deal told Billboard that Sprint paid $200 million for its 33% stake in Tidal. (Jan. 23, 2017) Caption The priciest house for sale in the U.S. The mansion has a four-lane bowling alley, a candy room filled with towering cylinders of sweets and two wine cellars stocked with hundreds of bottles of Champagne and wine. (Jan. 19, 2017) The mansion has a four-lane bowling alley, a candy room filled with towering cylinders of sweets and two wine cellars stocked with hundreds of bottles of Champagne and wine. (Jan. 19, 2017) Caption Government sues America's largest student loan servicer The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau accused Navient Corp. of cheating borrowers. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau accused Navient Corp. of cheating borrowers. mike.freeman@sduniontribune.com;  Twitter:@TechDiego 760-529-4973 Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, The San Diego Union-Tribune Qualcomm Inc. Federal Trade Commission Intel Corp. 3 reasons to defend Trump's Dakota Access and Keystone XL pipeline decision Rivers plays one more game for S.D. Chargers Sizing up new Raiders hire John Pagano US Politics NFL Latest Most Popular Today's Paper Jobs Homes Cars 57°
Business Technology Qualcomm faces FTC lawsuit over patent licensing Qualcomm has been sued by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission over its patent licensing practices. Qualcomm Qualcomm has been sued by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission over its patent licensing practices. Qualcomm has been sued by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission over its patent licensing practices. (Qualcomm) Mike FreemanContact Reporter A U.S. regulator has sued Qualcomm over the way it licenses cellular patents to smartphone makers — joining South Korea and potentially other governments in seeking to upend the San Diego’s company’s patent royalty practices. The Federal Trade Commission filed the civil lawsuit Tuesday in U.S. District Court in Northern California. The company also faces investigations in Europe, Japan and Taiwan. The FTC lawsuit comes a month after the Korea Fair Trade Commission fined Qualcomm $865 million over patent royalties. The company vowed to fight in South Korea’s courts, calling the regulators’ action inconsistent with the facts and a misapplication of fundamental tenets of competition law. The FTC alleges Qualcomm used its dominant market share in wireless chips to get excessive royalties on key, standard essential patents, which are supposed to be made available at reasonable rates under law. The agency also says Qualcomm gave Apple rebates in exchange for being the exclusive supplier of cellular modems in iPhones from 2011 through 2015 — hurting competitors. The FTC isn’t seeking specific damages but asked the court to take steps to prevent Qualcomm’s alleged anti-competitive practices from happening again. The agency’s governing board voted 2-1 to bring the lawsuit. Commissioner Maureen Ohlhausen objected on the grounds that court action is based on a flawed legal theory, will undermine U.S. intellectual property rights worldwide and comes on the eve of a new presidential administration. Qualcomm echoed those concerns, calling the FTC’s lawsuit “midnight litigation” brought as Chairwoman Edith Ramirez leaves the agency and President-Elect Donald Trump takes over the White House. “Qualcomm was still receiving requests for information from the agency that would be necessary to an informed view of the facts when it became apparent that the FTC was driving to file a complaint before the transition to the new Administration,” said Qualcomm General Counsel Don Rosenberg in a written statement. “We have grave concerns about the two Commissioners’ decision to bring this case despite a lack of evidence supporting the allegations and theories in the complaint.” Qualcomm makes money not only designing mobile semiconductors, but also by licensing its vast portfolio of wireless patents on key cellular technology. While sales of wireless semiconductors generated nearly two-thirds of Qualcomm’s $23.5 billion in revenue last year, patent licensing accounted for the bulk of its $5.7 billion in profit. The company’s patent licensing business has been controversial, with smartphone makers complaining that the company charges too much for its intellectual property. Qualcomm contends that its cellular technology is vital to making smartphones truly mobile. Without it, devices could not tap into the wireless Internet from virtually anywhere. Qualcomm charges patent royalties that average about 3 percent based on the wholesale price of the smartphone. The company typically licenses its entire wireless patent portfolio, which includes thousands of diverse inventions.   Regulators worldwide ratcheted up scrutiny of Qualcomm in the wake of China’s 13-month long anti-monopoly probe, which resulted in a $975 million fine in February 2015. The FTC began investigating Qualcomm’s patent business in late 2014. In its complaint Tuesday, the agency singled out Qualcomm’s “no license, no chips” policy, which requires smartphone makers that buy the company’s wireless semiconductors to also license its patents. The FTC contends that the tactic forces cell phone manufacturers to pay higher royalties regardless of whether they buy chips from Qualcomm or rivals such Intel or MediaTek. “This is an anti-competitive tax on the use of rivals’ processors,” said the FTC in a statement.  Because of its dominant market position, the risk of losing access to Qualcomm’s cellular modems is too great for smartphone makers to not take a license, according to the complaint. Qualcomm licenses patents to device makers but refuses to license to rival chip firms, according to the FTC. In addition, the complaint says Qualcomm gave Apple rebates to make sure it was the exclusive supplier of cellular modems in iPhones from 2011 through 2015. “Qualcomm recognized that any competitor that won Apple’s business would become stronger, and used exclusivity to prevent Apple from working with and improving the effectiveness of Qualcomm’s competitors,” said the FTC. During that period, Qualcomm had a significant technology advantage over rivals in performance of 4G LTE wireless data modems. Last year, Apple began using Intel for LTE chips in some iPhones as it caught up with Qualcomm. Qualcomm’s shares ended trading Tuesday down 4 percent at $64.19 on the Nasdaq. Caption Trump names FCC Commissioner Ajit Pai Pai, 44, wants to "fire up the weed whacker" and remove new regulations adopted by Democrats in recent years. Pai, 44, wants to "fire up the weed whacker" and remove new regulations adopted by Democrats in recent years. Caption Trump names FCC Commissioner Ajit Pai Pai, 44, wants to "fire up the weed whacker" and remove new regulations adopted by Democrats in recent years. Pai, 44, wants to "fire up the weed whacker" and remove new regulations adopted by Democrats in recent years. Caption Aetna slashes Obamacare participation Aetna's about-face on the ACA came less than a month after the Justice Department sued to block the company's $37-billion purchase of Humana. (Jan. 23, 2017) Aetna's about-face on the ACA came less than a month after the Justice Department sued to block the company's $37-billion purchase of Humana. (Jan. 23, 2017) Caption Sprint partners with Tidal A source familiar with the deal told Billboard that Sprint paid $200 million for its 33% stake in Tidal. (Jan. 23, 2017) A source familiar with the deal told Billboard that Sprint paid $200 million for its 33% stake in Tidal. (Jan. 23, 2017) Caption The priciest house for sale in the U.S. The mansion has a four-lane bowling alley, a candy room filled with towering cylinders of sweets and two wine cellars stocked with hundreds of bottles of Champagne and wine. (Jan. 19, 2017) The mansion has a four-lane bowling alley, a candy room filled with towering cylinders of sweets and two wine cellars stocked with hundreds of bottles of Champagne and wine. (Jan. 19, 2017) Caption Government sues America's largest student loan servicer The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau accused Navient Corp. of cheating borrowers. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau accused Navient Corp. of cheating borrowers. mike.freeman@sduniontribune.com;  Twitter:@TechDiego 760-529-4973 Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, The San Diego Union-Tribune Qualcomm Inc. Federal Trade Commission Intel Corp. 3 reasons to defend Trump's Dakota Access and Keystone XL pipeline decision Rivers plays one more game for S.D. Chargers Sizing up new Raiders hire John Pagano US Politics NFL Latest Most Popular Today's Paper Jobs Homes Cars 57°
Business Technology Qualcomm faces FTC lawsuit over patent licensing Qualcomm has been sued by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission over its patent licensing practices. Qualcomm Qualcomm has been sued by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission over its patent licensing practices. Qualcomm has been sued by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission over its patent licensing practices. (Qualcomm) Mike FreemanContact Reporter A U.S. regulator has sued Qualcomm over the way it licenses cellular patents to smartphone makers — joining South Korea and potentially other governments in seeking to upend the San Diego’s company’s patent royalty practices. The Federal Trade Commission filed the civil lawsuit Tuesday in U.S. District Court in Northern California. The company also faces investigations in Europe, Japan and Taiwan. The FTC lawsuit comes a month after the Korea Fair Trade Commission fined Qualcomm $865 million over patent royalties. The company vowed to fight in South Korea’s courts, calling the regulators’ action inconsistent with the facts and a misapplication of fundamental tenets of competition law. The FTC alleges Qualcomm used its dominant market share in wireless chips to get excessive royalties on key, standard essential patents, which are supposed to be made available at reasonable rates under law. The agency also says Qualcomm gave Apple rebates in exchange for being the exclusive supplier of cellular modems in iPhones from 2011 through 2015 — hurting competitors. The FTC isn’t seeking specific damages but asked the court to take steps to prevent Qualcomm’s alleged anti-competitive practices from happening again. The agency’s governing board voted 2-1 to bring the lawsuit. Commissioner Maureen Ohlhausen objected on the grounds that court action is based on a flawed legal theory, will undermine U.S. intellectual property rights worldwide and comes on the eve of a new presidential administration. Qualcomm echoed those concerns, calling the FTC’s lawsuit “midnight litigation” brought as Chairwoman Edith Ramirez leaves the agency and President-Elect Donald Trump takes over the White House. “Qualcomm was still receiving requests for information from the agency that would be necessary to an informed view of the facts when it became apparent that the FTC was driving to file a complaint before the transition to the new Administration,” said Qualcomm General Counsel Don Rosenberg in a written statement. “We have grave concerns about the two Commissioners’ decision to bring this case despite a lack of evidence supporting the allegations and theories in the complaint.” Qualcomm makes money not only designing mobile semiconductors, but also by licensing its vast portfolio of wireless patents on key cellular technology. While sales of wireless semiconductors generated nearly two-thirds of Qualcomm’s $23.5 billion in revenue last year, patent licensing accounted for the bulk of its $5.7 billion in profit. The company’s patent licensing business has been controversial, with smartphone makers complaining that the company charges too much for its intellectual property. Qualcomm contends that its cellular technology is vital to making smartphones truly mobile. Without it, devices could not tap into the wireless Internet from virtually anywhere. Qualcomm charges patent royalties that average about 3 percent based on the wholesale price of the smartphone. The company typically licenses its entire wireless patent portfolio, which includes thousands of diverse inventions.   Regulators worldwide ratcheted up scrutiny of Qualcomm in the wake of China’s 13-month long anti-monopoly probe, which resulted in a $975 million fine in February 2015. The FTC began investigating Qualcomm’s patent business in late 2014. In its complaint Tuesday, the agency singled out Qualcomm’s “no license, no chips” policy, which requires smartphone makers that buy the company’s wireless semiconductors to also license its patents. The FTC contends that the tactic forces cell phone manufacturers to pay higher royalties regardless of whether they buy chips from Qualcomm or rivals such Intel or MediaTek. “This is an anti-competitive tax on the use of rivals’ processors,” said the FTC in a statement.  Because of its dominant market position, the risk of losing access to Qualcomm’s cellular modems is too great for smartphone makers to not take a license, according to the complaint. Qualcomm licenses patents to device makers but refuses to license to rival chip firms, according to the FTC. In addition, the complaint says Qualcomm gave Apple rebates to make sure it was the exclusive supplier of cellular modems in iPhones from 2011 through 2015. “Qualcomm recognized that any competitor that won Apple’s business would become stronger, and used exclusivity to prevent Apple from working with and improving the effectiveness of Qualcomm’s competitors,” said the FTC. During that period, Qualcomm had a significant technology advantage over rivals in performance of 4G LTE wireless data modems. Last year, Apple began using Intel for LTE chips in some iPhones as it caught up with Qualcomm. Qualcomm’s shares ended trading Tuesday down 4 percent at $64.19 on the Nasdaq. Caption Trump names FCC Commissioner Ajit Pai Pai, 44, wants to "fire up the weed whacker" and remove new regulations adopted by Democrats in recent years. Pai, 44, wants to "fire up the weed whacker" and remove new regulations adopted by Democrats in recent years. Caption Trump names FCC Commissioner Ajit Pai Pai, 44, wants to "fire up the weed whacker" and remove new regulations adopted by Democrats in recent years. Pai, 44, wants to "fire up the weed whacker" and remove new regulations adopted by Democrats in recent years. Caption Aetna slashes Obamacare participation Aetna's about-face on the ACA came less than a month after the Justice Department sued to block the company's $37-billion purchase of Humana. (Jan. 23, 2017) Aetna's about-face on the ACA came less than a month after the Justice Department sued to block the company's $37-billion purchase of Humana. (Jan. 23, 2017) Caption Sprint partners with Tidal A source familiar with the deal told Billboard that Sprint paid $200 million for its 33% stake in Tidal. (Jan. 23, 2017) A source familiar with the deal told Billboard that Sprint paid $200 million for its 33% stake in Tidal. (Jan. 23, 2017) Caption The priciest house for sale in the U.S. The mansion has a four-lane bowling alley, a candy room filled with towering cylinders of sweets and two wine cellars stocked with hundreds of bottles of Champagne and wine. (Jan. 19, 2017) The mansion has a four-lane bowling alley, a candy room filled with towering cylinders of sweets and two wine cellars stocked with hundreds of bottles of Champagne and wine. (Jan. 19, 2017) Caption Government sues America's largest student loan servicer The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau accused Navient Corp. of cheating borrowers. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau accused Navient Corp. of cheating borrowers. mike.freeman@sduniontribune.com;  Twitter:@TechDiego 760-529-4973 Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, The San Diego Union-Tribune Qualcomm Inc. Federal Trade Commission Intel Corp. 3 reasons to defend Trump's Dakota Access and Keystone XL pipeline decision Rivers plays one more game for S.D. Chargers Sizing up new Raiders hire John Pagano US Politics NFL Latest Most Popular Today's Paper Jobs Homes Cars 57°
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Google’s Pixel is still the hottest Android phone in town Chris Smith BGR NewsJanuary 18, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Google’s pair of Pixel phones is a remarkable success for the company. Sure, they may have some flaws, but they’re still the hottest Android devices in town — if you can get one. A new report indicates that Pixel “demand is exceeding supply” at Verizon. Don't Miss: You can buy a handgun that looks like an iPhone, and cops are worried Big Red is still the only US carrier selling Google’s Pixel and Pixel XL smartphone, and the investment has been paying off for the company. Verizon committed a $25 million marketing budget for the phone after its launch and continues to promote the phone, although spending has cooled. According to Fierce Wireless, Wave7 Research data shows that the Pixel phones remained hot-selling devices even after the holidays. “Along with Apple, Samsung, and Droid, the Pixel/XL continues to be heavily advertised—on an equal footing with top OEMs—at a price point of $10 (Pixel) or $15 (XL) per month with trade-in of a high-end smartphone,” the firm noted. “It is clear that demand is exceeding supply.” The firm conducted a survey of 50 carrier stores last week, concluding that the Pixel accounted for 9.5% of smartphone sales at Verizon last month. And it’s not just Verizon subscribers that are buying the phone. The Pixel and Pixel XL can be used with other US carriers, and T-Mobile specifically targeted the handsets with a promotion not too long ago. “AT AT&T/T-Mobile/Sprint stores, 39% of reps (13 of 33) are aware of an average of ~2 Pixel activations each at these 13 stores,” Wave7 Research wrote. “Most Pixel XL SKUs are shipping in March and most Pixel SKUs are out of stock as well.” Comparatively, the iPhone 7 remained strong, Wave7 said, as the iPhone’s share of sales was up at every carrier other than Sprint. The iPhone 7 is slightly outselling the iPhone 7 Plus, the research company noted. “Sales of the iPhone 7 exceeded sales of the iPhone 7 Plus at all four carriers, but the gap narrowed significantly from prior months, now that iPhone 7 Plus supply is greatly improved,” Wave7 said. Trending right now: The Galaxy S8 might lose the fight against the iPhone before it even launches There’s something weird happening on Venus Apple might right the sinking MacBook ship this year See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next iPhone 7 Plus vs Google Pixel ‘bokeh’ shootout isn’t even close BGR News Everything you need for your home DIRECTVSponsored The NES Classic is back in stock at a bunch of Target stores right now BGR News Wristband monitors your blood alcohol content while you drink Yahoo Tech Apple’s new MacBook Pro is on its best sale ever BGR News Find the Best Credit Card for Your Needs Discover® Credit ScoreCardSponsored Where to buy the NES Classic Edition Digital Trends Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
Your browser is not supported. Please upgrade to one of the following browsers: Google Chrome Mozilla Firefox Apple Safari Microsoft Internet Explorer 8+ You may proceed to the site by clicking here, however some pages might not work correctly. Follow us on:   RealMoney Home Asset Class US Equity Global Equity & Income Fixed Income Commodities Currencies Specialty Sector Basic Materials Consumer Cyclicals Consumer Staples Energy Financial Services Healthcare Industrials Real Estate Technology Telecom Services Transportation Utilities Latest Articles Videos Columnist Conversations Author Jim Cramer Jim "Rev Shark" DePorre Jack Mohr Roger Arnold Daniel Dicker Eric Jackson Chris Laudani Helene Meisler Tim Melvin Brian Sozzi - See All - Street Notes Change in Ratings Stock Comments / EPS Changes TheStreet RMPIA Switch to Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker MainStreet Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stockpickr Stocks Under $10 TheStreet Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks US Equity App Stores Are Still a Booming Business, and Apple Dominates It By Eric Jhonsa Follow  | Jan 17, 2017 | 8:50 PM EST Tweet 0Comment Email Print Tweet Comment 0 Stock quotes in this article: FB, twtr, ea, atvi, gluu, amzn, bidu, aapl, googl Though the smartphone market's growth has slowed to a crawl, the same certainly can't be said for the app stores running on top of them. The industry they've spawned continues to swell in size, as consumers keep increasing their app usage and become more comfortable paying for downloads, in-app purchases and subscriptions. And for a few different reasons, Apple (AAPL) is benefiting much more from this trend than Alphabet/Google (GOOGL) . In its 2016 Retrospective report, App Annie, a top provider of app download and usage data, estimated that total revenue from the iOS App Store and Google Play rose 40% in 2016, a faster clip than was seen in 2015. Publisher payouts topped $35 billion; with Apple and Google typically getting a 30% cut on paid downloads and in-app purchases, this implies total revenue of about $50 billion. The fact Apple and Google now often get a 15% cut on in-app subscriptions makes it tough to come up with a precise number. Though far more Android phones were sold last year than iPhones -- in November, research firm IDC estimated the ratio would be close to 6-to-1 -- App Annie believes the App Store produced about twice as much revenue as Google Play, and managed to grow its revenue lead in the process. This fits with a recent announcement from Apple stating its App Store developer payouts rose over 40% in 2016 to more than $20 billion. Superior demographics are partly responsible for the App Store's monetization edge: On average, iPhone and iPad owners are wealthier than Android device owners in a given market. The fact that daily app usage is somewhat higher on iOS than Android also doesn't hurt, nor does the fact Apple (unlike Google) requires users to supply a credit card number to gain access to its app store. There's also the fact the App Store is present in China, where app-related spending skyrocketed last year, and Google Play (like most other Google services) isn't. App Annie believes Chinese App Store publisher revenue more than doubled annually in the fourth quarter to over $2 billion, leading China to leapfrog the U.S. and Japan as the world's most lucrative iOS app market. If Android app revenue is growing at a similar pace in China, that's a positive for local app store owners such as Baidu  (BIDU) and Qihoo 360. Separately, though the average smartphone owner already spent a massive amount of time on his or her device going into 2016, app usage is still growing at a brisk pace. App Store and Google Play downloads rose an estimated 15% last year to over 90 billion -- Google Play accounted for over two-thirds of them -- and global time spent on Android apps (China excluded) rose 25%, with the average user now spending about two hours per day. Facebook  (FB) and Google's apps still account for a giant chunk of that usage. Facebook, Messenger, Instagram and WhatsApp were among the 10 most popular iPhone apps (China excluded) in terms of monthly active users (MAUs), as were YouTube, Google Maps, Gmail and the core Google search app. And with the caveat that App Annie doesn't track MAUs for Google apps pre-installed on Android phones, the aforementioned Facebook apps topped App Annie's Android MAU chart. Twitter (TWTR) is respectively No. 8 and No. 5 on the iPhone and Android charts. Some other notable takeaways: Games respectively accounted for 75% and 90% of App Store and Google Play revenue. That's music to the ears of publishers such as Electronic Arts (EA) , Activision (ATVI) and Glu Mobile (GLUU) . Though U.S. Google Play downloads rose just slightly last year, the country's time spent on Android apps rose 25% and its Google Play revenue rose nearly 50%. Encouraging numbers, given how established the U.S. smartphone market already was, and (for the likes of Google and Facebook) the market's outsized importance to the mobile ad industry. Time spent on shopping apps installed on U.S. Android phones rose 30% annually in November 2016. This trend is a headwind for Google, since shoppers directly loading the apps of online retailers such as Amazon (AMZN) are bypassing Google Search. India is now the largest Android market in terms of downloads and app time spent. It has also passed the U.S. to be the second-largest smartphone market (behind China) in terms of unit sales. Overall, the report shines a light on how mobile apps continue ingraining themselves further into the lives of consumers, even ones who have been smartphone users for years. And how this has turned the App Store into the crown jewel of an Apple's Services reporting segment that's fast on its way to reaching a $30 billion revenue run rate. Get an email alert each time I write an article for Real Money. Click the "+Follow" next to my byline to this article. More From Eric Jhonsa Thanks to M&A, Times Have Never Been Better for Chipmakers Apple's $1 Billion Lawsuit Against Qualcomm Has to be Music to Intel's Ears IBM's Earnings Are Stabilizing, but Margins and Cash Flow Remain Pressured Columnist Conversations Gary Morrow: Corning Cruising Corning(earnings this morn)is a top ten gainer in the S&P 500 today.  The stock is up over 5% on more... Gary Morrow: Masco Moving Well Shares of Masco are beginning to show signs of life.  The building materials company is up just shy of 3%... Bret Jensen: Day 2 - Trump Markets having a solidly up day across the major indices in Mr. Trump's second full day in office.  Homeb... Robert Lang: Added a few Positions in MU and ETP this action is constructive, technicals are bullish and this is nearly a breakout. BOUGHT MU MAR 22 CALL AT... See all » BEST IDEAS SEE MORE» REAL MONEY'S BEST IDEAS SEE MORE» News Breaks Powered by See More » BROKERAGE PARTNERS Select the service that's right for you! COMPARE ALL SERVICES >> Action Alerts PLUS Portfolio Manager Jim Cramer and Director of Research Jack Mohr reveal their investment tactics while giving advanced notice before every trade. Product Features: $2.5+ million portfolio Large-cap and dividend focus Intraday trade alerts from Cramer Weekly roundups Real Money Pro All of Real Money, plus 15 more of Wall Street's sharpest minds delivering actionable trading ideas, a comprehensive look at the market, and fundamental and technical analysis. Product Features: Real Money + Doug Kass plus 15 more Wall Street Pros Intraday commentary and news Ultra-actionable trading ideas Trifecta Stocks Trifecta Stocks analyzes over 4,000 equities weekly to find the elite 1% of stocks that pass rigorous quantitative, fundamental and technical tests. Product Features: Model portfolio Trade alerts Recommendations for over 4,300 stocks Unlimited research reports on your favorite stocks Stocks Under $10 David Peltier uncovers low dollar stocks with serious upside potential that are flying under Wall Street's radar. Product Features: Model portfolio Stocks trading below $10 Intraday trade alerts Weekly roundups Quant Ratings Access the tool that dominates the Russell 2000 & the S&P 500. Product Features: Buy, hold, or sell recommendations for over 4,300 stocks Unlimited research reports on your favorite stocks A custom stock screener Upgrade/downgrade alerts Dividend Stock Advisor David Peltier identifies the best of breed dividend stocks that will pay a reliable AND significant income stream. Product Features: Biweekly dividend newsletter Diversifed model portfolio of dividend stocks Intraday trade alerts Growth Seeker Chris Versace and Lenore Elle Hawkins, using sophisticated stock screening and fundamental research, identify high potential growth small and mid-cap stocks. Product Features: Model portfolio Small-cap and mid-cap focus Intraday trade alerts Weekly roundups Top Stocks With Top Stocks, Helene Meisler uses short and long-term indicators to pinpoint imminent breakouts in stocks. Product Features: Daily trading ideas and technical analysis Daily market commentary and analysis Except as otherwise indicated, quotes are delayed. Quotes delayed at least 20 minutes for all exchanges. Market Data provided by Interactive Data. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings and ratings provided by Zacks. Mutual fund data provided by Valueline. ETF data provided by Lipper. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. TheStreet Ratings updates stock ratings daily. However, if no rating change occurs, the data on this page does not update. The data does update after 90 days if no rating change occurs within that time period. IDC calculates the Market Cap for the basic symbol to include common shares only. Year-to-date mutual fund returns are calculated on a monthly basis by Value Line and posted mid-month. About Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Customer Service Advertise With Us © 1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. SPONSORED LINKS SPONSORED LINKS
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Health & Fitness Food & Wine Fashion & Beauty Parenting Relationships Home & Design Travel Celebrity Architecture Decor Gardening Design Real Estate Home» Life» Home & Design» Design STYLE FOR THE AGES Courtesy of Nh-design.co.uk His career has spanned decades, but British interior designer Nicky Haslam’s eye is as fresh as ever. As Odessa Paloma Parker learns, his unending enthusiasm for life is as much to credit as his impressive social standing Odessa Paloma Parker The Globe and Mail Last updated: Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017 8:00PM EST Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Comments “It was all by mistake,” Nicky Haslam says with a laugh as we speak by phone in mid December. He’s describing how he, interior designer to a host of celebrities and aristocrats, entered into the industry in the 1970s with no formal training but a wealth of life experience. Escaping the bustle of New York – where he arrived in 1961 with photographer David Bailey, and worked under Diana Vreeland at Vogue – Haslam settled at a ranch outside of Phoenix. Despite appearing in a Warhol film and moving in the glamorous inner circle of Manhattan society, Haslam wanted to be a cowboy. The decorating Haslam did within the Arizona property attracted many admirers and he had already garnered praise for his decorating prowess back in the Big Apple. Bolstered by a burgeoning reputation, Haslam returned to London in 1972 to decorate a townhouse for Lord Hesketh. “I grew up among the right proportions and colours,” Haslam notes about his natural ability to design decadent but liveable spaces, one that was celebrated with an Andrew Martin International Interior Designer of the Year award in 2016. “And when I say right, I mean attractive.” ROOM WITH a VIEW Nicky Haslam is known for spaces (like the salon shown above) with a clever spirit that is always in good taste. Courtesy of Nh-design.co.uk Indeed, Haslam’s entire biography reads as a lifelong pursuit of beauty and pleasure, and to be awarded with what’s referred to as the Oscars of Interior Design is fitting. With a social circle that’s garnered him coverage in both gossip columns and Vanity Fair – and an equally distinctive client list – it’s regrettable that Haslam’s accomplishments and the passion behind them are often eclipsed by his jet-setting exploits. But as Martin Waller, founder of the Andrew Martin Awards notes, it’s a charmed life that has afforded Haslam the opportunity to explore his boundless creative instinct. “Nicky has known everyone from Tallulah Bankhead to Andy Warhol, from Mick Jagger to Siegfried Sassoon,” he says. “He has spent his life amongst talented and brilliant people. Inevitably it has produced a multi-faceted, multi-layered cultural hinterland that has influenced his work.” Haslam’s interiors can be found around the world, from Barbados to Russia, each revealing an eye focused on fusing whimsy and elegance. A Mayfair townhouse project boasts a dining room brimming with mismatched floral motifs, while a home in New Orleans features a dining table within a library, the room’s chandelier dangling from a ceiling painted with a cloudy blue sky. “I suppose he is really a rebel,” says Colette van den Thillart, an interior designer who acted as creative director of NH Design for 13 years, and now collaborates with the brand from her base in Toronto on projects including furniture and fabric design. “[He’s] a freedom fighter of the aesthetic spirit, and of the decorative mind.” She remembers her first meeting with Haslam at his country house in Hampshire, England. He was wearing track pants, a white T-shirt and denim jacket, “and yet he was wrapped in this agonizingly romantic interior,” van den Thillart recalls. “I really just thought he was the coolest, maddest thing I’d ever laid eyes on.” A knack for first impressions has suited Haslam well. Alexandra Shulman, British Vogue’s editor in chief, met him for the first time when she was a teenager, at a party thrown by Lady Antonia Fraser in London. “He was immensely friendly, immediately, and even though he was some years older than me, he took the time to make friends with me,” Shulman says. The two have remained in the same professional circuit throughout their careers, and Haslam was present at the fete for the publication’s 100th anniversary last May. “I think the way that he communicates with people is a factor that’s stood him in good stead,” Shulman says. “The fact that he’s interested in people, and interested in the new, he’s interested in the young – it’s reflected in his popularity.” Indeed, Haslam continues to seek out the unique within the design landscape, and says that he’s intrigued by “the sciences coming into decoration” via new products with metallic and transparent features. His unwavering commitment to creating novel spaces, though, means he’s hesitant to credit social media’s contribution to the decor landscape. Speaking of social media platforms such as Instagram and Pinterest, he says that they produce a desire among users to “want things to look like a hotel, or like their friends’, or like the last restaurant they’ve been to.” He sums up the results in one word: bland. And Haslam’s quick to call out the difference between most social media users and his own clientele. “It’s for the young and the aspiring, not the tried-and-true people of taste,” he says. So, what can the aspiring masses learn from Haslam instead of scrolling through a feed of photos? Described by Shulman as “omnipresent” and by Waller as “the essence of taste, erudition and sophistication but with a wit and playfulness,” perhaps van den Thillart sums up his charismatic contribution to his accidental profession best: “He really knows how to suck the marrow out of every facet of life, and that hunger spills over into the work.” Nicky Haslam will speak with Odessa Paloma Parker during the Interior Design Show’s Globe Style Saturday on Jan. 21 at 4:30 p.m. For more information, visit www.interiordesignshow.com. Report Typo/Error Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Subscribe Log in Tuesday, 24 January 2017 Tue 24th Jan 10°C 10° Dublin Antrim Armagh Carlow Cavan Clare Cork Derry Donegal Down Dublin Fermanagh Galway Kerry Kildare Kilkenny Laois Leitrim Limerick Longford Louth Mayo Meath Monaghan Offaly Roscommon Sligo Tipperary Tyrone Waterford Westmeath Wexford Wicklow Home News Business Opinion Politics Health & Social Property Technology Magazine Focus On Business Diary: Monday December 19 By Jane O'Sullivan Dec 19, 2016 Share this article: Monday, January 23 The main business events scheduled for the week ahead By Jane O'Sullivan Dec 19, 2016 Share this article: Monday December 19 Update from the Central Bank on its tracker mortgage examination European Commission to publish its full ruling on the Apple tax case Third quarter planning permissions from the CSO US electoral college electors meet to cast votes Tuesday December 20 Central Bank governor Philip Lane attending Oireachtas Finance Committee hearing CSO publishes statistics on information society Wednesday December 21 Overseas travel October-November from the CSO Thursday December 22 November wholesale price index from the CSO Friday December 23 Half-day trading on Irish Stock Exchange Share this article: Related Articles Bono-backed Hollywood-style film studio plan gets early support Francesca Comyn: Parliamentary supremacy wins out in the UK News / Aryzta shares plunge after profit warning More from The Business Post Business / The week in business Business / Happy Pear twins land €1.5 million funding Ian Guider's Market Talk ‘A publisher for the touch generation’ Sponsored 'Grow Your Exporting Business' event supported by Post Logistics Subscribe to our Newsletter SUBSCRIBE Follow us CONTACT US PRIVACY POLICY TERMS OF USE Copyright © 2017 Post Publications Limited. Registered in Ireland: 148865. Developed by Square1 Download our app We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. Read more »
MENU HOME SEARCH ABOUT Organization Public Affairs References NEWS Army Worldwide Press Releases STAND-TO! Army Live Blog MEDIA Photos Videos Publication LEADERS Secretary Under Secretary Chief of Staff Vice Chief of Staff Sergeant Major of the Army FEATURES Valor Events Heritage Army 101 Official U.S. Army Facebook Official U.S. Army Twitter Official U.S. Army Google+ Official U.S. Army Youtube Official U.S. Army Flickr Official U.S. Army Instagram ARMY A-Z SOCIAL MEDIA AKO CONTACT US JOIN FAQS Remarks: NDIA Executive National Security Forum By U.S. ArmyJanuary 13, 2017 Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Share on Reddit Share on LinkedIn Share via Email 1 / 4 Show Caption + Hide Caption – Secretary of the Army Eric Fanning address the audaince at NDIA Forum on Jan. 13 disucssing the challenges ahead for the military and new models of partnership for defense and industry. (Photo Credit: Jed Shein) VIEW ORIGINAL 2 / 4 Show Caption + Hide Caption – Secretary of the Army Eric Fanning address the audaince at NDIA Forum on Jan. 13 disucssing the challenges ahead for the military and new models of partnership for defense and industry. (Photo Credit: Jed Shein) VIEW ORIGINAL 3 / 4 Show Caption + Hide Caption – Secretary of the Army Eric Fanning address the audaince at NDIA Forum on Jan. 13 disucssing the challenges ahead for the military and new models of partnership for defense and industry. (Photo Credit: Jed Shein) VIEW ORIGINAL 4 / 4 Show Caption + Hide Caption – Secretary of the Army Eric Fanning address the audaince at NDIA Forum on Jan. 13 disucssing the challenges ahead for the military and new models of partnership for defense and industry. (Photo Credit: Jed Shein) VIEW ORIGINAL Remarks as prepared for the NDIA Executive National Security Forum on Friday Jan. 13, 2017. _______________________________ I want to thank NDIA for hosting me today in my final week as Secretary of the Army. NDIA hosted me early on in my tenure as Under Secretary of the Air Force, so in some sense you're book-ending my service in this Administration. There is so much that has changed over the last eight years when it comes to the topics I'll want touch on today: technology, modernization and the relationship between the defense sector and industry. When I joined the administration our military was engaged in two wars. We were still focusing the lion's share of our time, energy, and resources on counter-insurgency. Today I'm walking out the door into a completely different world. That's true not just for the challenges we face but for many of the ways the defense sector works with industry in response to them. I appreciate how much skin industry has in the game. Look at the Joint Multi-Role Tech Demonstrator, a $1.2 billion joint effort to develop future vertical lift which includes over $800 million of industry money. Through digital experimentation that allows us to save time, money, and effort in proto-typing, we're building a better platform. And we're learning lessons along the way. It's an example of how the more we communicate and share thoughts and ideas, the likelier we are to get to the right place together. We've spent much time describing how we imagine the future battle space, but how does that equate to what we need? Already we see more clearly how the battle space is bleeding into the information space. You can't read the paper or turn on the TV without seeing a story on hacking or threats to cyber security. The public is now aware of the risks in a networked world in ways it was not a year ago, or even a few months ago. Russia and others are clearly expanding the boundaries of conflict and warfare to destabilize the strategic status quo. Misinformation, propaganda, and outright theft are all parts of this new arsenal. Advances in information technology are becoming increasingly easier to weaponize and there are lower barriers to entry for bad actors. And the growing importance of cyberspace to security is one of many transformations changing the characteristics of warfare. Actually, confronting the challenges we face in cyberspace is an area where the military is further along than it is in several other critical tech sectors. Many of the advances we're making in cyberspace are due to partnerships we've forged with companies large and small who are on the cutting edge of technology. When the Defense Department simply cannot iterate as fast as these firms can, we have to find better ways to tap into their innovative capacity. We are taking steps to reimagine our relationships with technologists, such as our recent bug bounty programs, "Hack the Pentagon" and "Hack the Army." Through these campaigns we invited white-hat-hackers to test our systems and networks and rewarded them for finding vulnerabilities. The value here was not only in making certain digital assets more secure but also in engaging with the talent we need to keep up with the pace of change in technology. Our commitment to fight and win in cyberspace is also beginning to make its mark with our investments in infrastructure. These include a new headquarters for Army Cyber at Fort Gordon, Georgia. As I said late last year at the groundbreaking, "Cyberspace has become key terrain … It's a critical fifth domain alongside land, sea, air, and space. Controlling it ensures a clear advantage." But we are only beginning to appreciate the importance of cyberspace. And in fact, the emerging threats we face here are but one piece of much larger and multi-faceted security competition now underway. Some of the dangers in this new world include new and more diverse means of action for terrorist groups, the erosion of the international system, and the greater probability of interstate conflict, risks which are all chronicled in the Global Trends Report ODNI released this week. Each of these risks relate to our military's modernization, and the topics and technologies I'll address today. Future Challenges, Emerging Threats, and Near-Peer Competition We are entering a time of uncertainty but this much is clear: a new race is on between the United States and potential near peer competitors. This race extends to competition in areas like autonomous systems and material sciences. It's a race that will require our military to use big data more effectively. It will require us to harness the power of narrow Artificial Intelligence, or AI, and to apply advancements in machine learning that enable military leaders to make complex decisions more quickly. Maintaining our advantage as the world's most dominant military will mean we have to re-imagine how the defense sector and industry work together. Our focus must be on providing solutions and solving problems, not simply on satisfying listed requirements. I know that many voices in the business community have advocated this for a long time, and DoD must redouble its efforts to move in this direction. Whether we can make the right investments in the right areas is important. Much more important is whether we get our relationship right so that we can be agile enough to respond to challenges we cannot anticipate. This means we have to put a premium on agility, responsiveness, and openness. When it comes to confronting security challenges across multiple sectors and domains, this is not a multiple-choice test. We have to address and invest in all of the above. Preparing warfighting capabilities for new types of conflict also requires us to wrestle with complex ethical questions. We need to develop principled policy frameworks that keep pace with changes in technology. We need to ensure there are institutional safeguards in place to constrain technological extremes. And we need to go about this knowing our adversaries will not limit themselves in the same ways. As Americans, we have always understood that our security depends on both the example of our power and the power of our example. No matter how the battlefield, technologies, or our adversaries change, we have to ground our policies on ethical principles and values. Emerging Threats Require New Technologies, New Model of Partnership for Defense & Industry When we look at the state of our current capabilities and the threats on the horizon, there are certain imperatives. Our overmatch is slipping away in several important areas. We've seen how Russia has advanced their capabilities, stealing a march on us over the 15 years we've been at war. They have pursued an aggressive program of modernization, working to close the technology gap and thwart our traditional advantages of power projection and freedom of movement. In Syria, Ukraine, and elsewhere, we're seeing how these technological advancements are making the battlefield increasingly lethal -- a trend that is likely to continue far into the future. As Deputy Secretary Work recalled, the old adage was that if you can be seen, you can be hit and if you can hit, you can be killed. The new adage is: if you emit, you die. Our Soldiers will have to operate more often in environments where their communications will be interrupted or constrained. They will have to see, understand, and act rapidly and with precision, all while constantly on the move -- because if you stop moving, you get hit in this highly lethal environment. Time and again we've seen Soldiers respond to changes in the character of war. We've seen their battlefield flexibility in developing rough-and-ready solutions quickly against nimble adversaries. But we need to demonstrate the same flexibility in how we equip, train, and resource our military to fight and win in a time of rapid technological, political, and demographic change. Some of the most important victories will be won in our Nation's boardrooms and laboratories. And in some sense, that's always been true and especially at pivotal moments of strategic transition. But at other inflection points in our history, DoD was leading the way in developing and fielding new capabilities and technologies. This moment is different. Today, the pace of technological change means the private sector is taking a leading role. And when it comes to nascent technology, DoD will not always have the agility or capacity to determine what's possible or how it can be applied. That will be up to our innovative private sector. And that will mean that a greater number of solutions must be driven by business incentive and competitive opportunity. Of course, the Defense sector will still need to fulfill requirements that have no immediate consumer application. In these areas, the Pentagon must find ways to provide more catalytic investments that make markets viable and spur competition. As we enter this period of competition, we should be mindful that our Nation's comparative advantage comes from delivering products and solutions that are high on the value chain. It's our vibrant marketplace of ideas and many incubators of innovation that provide us the greatest edge. It is vital that we marry these sources of national strength more effectively to our defense base. Changing How We Work Together to Meet Challenges Head-On Accomplishing this will require the Defense Department to make its organizational culture more open and flexible. It's no secret that some of today's most innovative companies prefer not to work with DoD. Apple said: "If we give you a product with iterative software, you're not even capable to upgrade it -- you'll end up with a brick." It's true that DoD's shingle currently reads "creative solutions welcome." But the door under the sign is locked. Too often the formal requirements that drive our acquisition process become inflexible guidelines. Rather than promoting the innovative capacity of our industrial partners, we constrain them. DoD must have the ability to adopt and re-purpose solutions developed in the private sector toward specific warfighting applications. But before we do that, the private sector must have the avenues to bring solutions forward. By finding new ways to incentivize business to make its own investments in adaptable solutions, DoD will ultimately gain access to even more advanced capabilities, more rapidly, at a reduced cost. There are many areas that are ripe for the private sector to take the lead and provide creative solutions. These include cyberspace operations and space operations, advancements in machine learning and "narrow" artificial intelligence, in material sciences, as well as in Big Data applications and autonomous systems. Operations in Cyberspace I mentioned the challenges in cyberspace earlier. As you know, many of the most exciting tools and activities remain classified. But it's no secret about what cyber threats cost, both to bottom lines and in terms of our longer-term vitality as a society. And an environment where ideas can be stolen easily is one that stifles innovation. The costs of industrial cyber espionage range as high as $500b and 1.2 million jobs a year. What is arguably more important -- and more costly -- is how states like Russia are incorporating cyber tools to sow disinformation and make it more difficult for democratic systems to make decisions. We're being tested now and the worst may be yet to come. Activities in cyberspace also remind us of the importance of space. Capabilities in space provide much of the hardware and infrastructure for cyber operations. But even though we pioneered these capabilities in space, we've also underinvested in sustaining and improving them. Our adversaries have not. Along with other state actors, the private sector is taking a growing role in advancing space capabilities. When what we do in space is tied to every other domain, it's vital that we accelerate partnerships with the private sector to support the resilience of our assets and innovation of new capabilities. There are several initiatives underway that reveal the obvious potential: OneWeb is launching more than 600 small satellites to provide broadband Internet service to individual users and to support potential first responders over the next three years. There should be ways DoD can piggyback on these kinds of investments to push the access of our networks to the tactical edge. Similar investments in space can help us gather intelligence more quickly. Planet -- formerly Planet Labs -- is mass-producing small satellites to provide a full range of imagery services. These assets will allow them to image 100% of the earth once a day. It's easy to see how incorporating these kinds of technologies into what we do at DoD can help reduce demands on unmanned aerial systems. Airbus is also experimenting with high altitude pseudo-satellites that can carry a wide range of payloads, Communications, PNT and ISR. These platforms show the potential to improve and expand the capabilities provided by unmanned aerial systems, and to the growing importance of autonomous systems writ large. Autonomous Systems In the realm of autonomy the boundaries of the possible are being tested every day. The defense sector is driving many cutting-edge efforts forward but some of the most creative advances come from civilian applications. The recent emergence - and growing acceptance -- of self-driving vehicles on our roadways is one example of how autonomous systems are reshaping our world. Uber is a driving force behind this dynamic, in addition to being the method by which many of you probably traveled here today. Perhaps one of your children or relatives received a remote control drone over the holidays. The fact that kids can now find a drone under the Christmas tree is a window into our progress in making these platforms smaller and enhancing their capabilities. It is also an indication of how ubiquitous they are for our adversaries. You might have seen the capabilities provided by swarming autonomous micro-UAVs on a recent 60 Minutes segment. The Perdix micro-UAVs they featured, assembled entirely from commercial parts fitted into a 3D-printed fuselage, are able to communicate and operate together. These kind of advances offer opportunities in both commercial and military applications, from intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance to an array of protection functions, to advancements in resupply and logistics, and in countering enemy anti-access and area denial capabilities. Right now, most of DoD's autonomous systems do what humans tell them. But many civilian autonomous systems can also interact with humans. There are opportunities here to develop machines that can learn and make decisions based on analyzing Big Data. Advanced Machine Learning and "Narrow" AI Advanced machine learning and "Narrow" Artificial Intelligence are the foundations for most Big Data applications, machine autonomy, and other pioneering technologies. Narrow AI, in this case, refers to the combination of image processing, text processing, and speech processing that enables a high-functioning system to replicate or surpass- human intelligence for a dedicated task. By machine learning, I'm referring to algorithms used to detect patterns without the prior definition of features and characteristics, and done with little or no human supervision. The leading edge of machine learning is now supported by the use of increasingly complex Neural Net algorithms. These enable a computer to learn from prior tasks rather than perform the same task in the same way. Basically, it's pattern analysis. Think of Netflix, and the way it will queue up options it thinks you like. We are working on doing something similar with options and capabilities we provide to our forces on the battlefield. The private sector is already well ahead here and moving faster than they could under any acquisition requirement. This is one more place where the military needs a better way to tap into existing innovation rather than seeking to duplicate it. It's at the nexus of Narrow AI and machine learning where the Army and the military writ large could gain the greatest benefit, through the application of Big Data at the operational level. Big Data Applications We all know the military has enormous amounts of data. This should be a natural sweet spot for us, an area where we can draw insights and solutions from industry and improve rapidly. What we need -- and don't have - is a comprehensive approach for using Big Data to derive a competitive advantage over capable, near peer adversaries. Big Data is particularly useful in the growing "Internet of Things" (IoT) which allows physical objects and operating systems to network. However, the IoT does not have formal requirements, and so much of the equipment being developed for DoD is not IoT enabled, limiting the potential benefits of Big Data applications before the equipment even reaches the warfighter. While there is far more work to be done, there are several examples where Big Data is being used effectively by the military. The Army Analytics Group is doing great work for the ASA(M&RA) on the Human Capital Big Data Strategy. This will require data producing organizations across the Army human capital enterprise to provide a copy of their data on a reoccurring basis to the Army's Person-event Data Environment, finally allowing organizations to access, store, protect, and use personnel-related data across the force. The Study To Assess Risk and Resilience in Servicemembers -- STARRS -- suicide prevention effort brought together billions of pieces of data to begin understanding the stressors that drive people to despair and suicide. The Behavioral Health Data Portal provides a standardized approach to track the wellbeing of patients and the effectiveness of treatment, all in real time. However, operational military applications for Big Data lag far behind. Possible applications include: Enhancing targeting on the battlefield: Commanders could have analysis at a speed which enables them to anticipate an adversary's behavior and counter it quickly. Information and influence operations could begin to match advancements seen in consumer advertising campaigns. The military needs to apply some of the lessons learned in the private sector about group and individual behavior. Our logistics chains, both in theater and globally, could improve using machines to anticipate -- and meet - both cyclical and emerging sustainment demands. Big data could allow us to stage supplies at imminent points of need and provide preventative medical care. Material Science Advances in material science present their own game-changing possibilities. Here, we can make the equipment our people need smaller, lighter, and easier to move. And in the long term, it's an area where the military can save enormous amounts of money. Lighter, stronger materials and longer lasting sources of power that have the potential to transform global manufacturing and shipping -- These capabilities can make our military expeditionary in ways we never thought possible. In addition to lighter, stronger metals, we are also seeing rapid advances in batteries and power conduction. Scientists at places like MIT, Stanford, Arizona State, UCAL Irvine, and Dallas University are just a few of the researchers working on a battery revolution. They are working to provide batteries that recharge in minutes or less, don't die, difficult to damage, and orders of magnitude more powerful. This will revolutionize how we store and use power in both civilian applications like cars, phones, and infrastructure, but also for military vehicles, communications systems, and facilities. Values and Ethics I think I've made it clear how many opportunities there are for the private sector to take the lead and drive forward the solutions we need. But I want to underscore again how across these areas of opportunity there is great potential for abuse. Even in this brave new world of new technology and competition -- perhaps especially in a world where technology plays such a pivotal role -- our principles and respect for human dignity must remain our North Star. Whether in how we use autonomous systems or how we operate in the commons of space and cyberspace, we have to be thoughtful about the precedents we set. We have to take care to establish ethical policy frameworks that keep up with advances in technology. We need to be having these conversations now. Shared Obligation, Shared Security, Shared Opportunity When you consider the number of new and emerging technologies there are, and the number of sectors where we must advance, the scale of our challenge is clear. But it should also be clear that we come to this competition with two unique assets: our robust culture of innovation and our strong, professional military. In both areas, our Nation is the envy of the world. Advancing our strength and security will depend on what we do to make these assets more complimentary -- to ensure we are more strategic and coordinated in how industry works with the defense sector. Our Nation's most innovative companies can't innovate without the security and stability the defense sector provides. And the defense sector cannot keep up with the challenges of a rapidly changing world without closer connections to our most creative people, firms and industries. At the end of the day, a vibrant private sector and strong national defense depend on one another. Our quest to become more nimble and adaptive must be continuous. But today it must start with emulating what our nation's innovative industrial base does so well. That will help us to meet our shared obligation to provide security today and into the future -- to ensure our service members have the advantage they need against any foe, in any fight. From administration to administration and strategic era to strategic era, that's the responsibility we share, and a commitment we meet together. RELATED STORIES December 23, 2016Fighting in the cyber domain: US Army Central creates cyberspace strategy January 12, 2017New appraisal system coming this year January 3, 2017Security enterprise sends precision weapon systems December 21, 2016Army team manages risk at former military sites now in private hands January 5, 2017Army engineers demonstrate new system for on-demand 3-D printed drones January 6, 2017FORSCOM Frontline - Jan. 6, 2017 December 27, 2016To operationalize Cyber, humanize the design December 21, 2016New arrivals push DO system closer to completion December 19, 2016Natick designs, evaluates Small Unit Sustainment System December 1, 2016Groundbreaking marks 'leap forward' for Army cyberspace operations January 4, 2017Army Reserve partnership to help poor near Mexican border December 20, 2016Commander of Army Cyber Command visits NETCOM December 15, 2016Joint Tactical Ground System sees first test in 20 years December 15, 2016Counter-Unmanned Aircraft System summit discusses drone implications January 17, 2017Watervliet Arsenal receives largest contract in decades to support ... the Indian army Official U.S. Army Facebook Official U.S. Army Twitter Official U.S. Army Google+ Official U.S. Army Youtube Official U.S. Army Flickr Official U.S. Army Instagram Home Contact Us Privacy Terms Of Use Accessibility/Section 508 FOIA Social Sharing Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Share on Reddit Share on LinkedIn Share via Email
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 5 Top Home Automation Investments Looking for the best places for your investment dollars in the home automation segment? Here are some ideas Danny Vena (TMFLifeIsGood) Jan 17, 2017 at 7:12PM If you're considering an investment in the home automation segment, there are a mind-boggling number of choices. You can invest in individual component manufacturers, professional systems installation companies, or managed services. We will look at some of the best in each category. Home automation falls into three very broad categories. Let's look at a few potential investments in each: Professionally installed systems. Managed service systems. Do-it-yourself (DIY). Home automation is reaching into every aspect of our lives. Image source: Pixabay. The whole shebang Professionally installed systems are integrated when the home is built or a retrofit is done. There are several such companies, but most are privately held. One exception, that's also a leader in the field -- is Control4 Corporation (NASDAQ:CTRL). This is the only pure play on the list. This company is extremely small, with a market cap of about $265 million, at the time of writing. It provides a wide variety of systems and options and serves both the home and business markets. It provides choices in all the major component categories including lighting and environment controls, entertainment, security, and networks to control them all. It also integrates with over 10,000 existing third-party products.  On the operational side, the company has been growing revenue and earnings, up 27% and 49%, respectively, year over year in the most recent quarter. It has been expanding gross margin and investing in sales and marketing efforts, which Control4 believes will result in additional revenue growth. It has been developing internationally and acquired Pakedge Networking last year. Control4 believes that having its own networking solution will not only drive revenues but also help dealers identify issues in customer networks, leading to greater levels of customer satisfaction. The company is growing its network of dealers that install its products and increasing its addressable market by providing solutions for middle-income homeowners while still serving the luxury market. This company seems to be pursuing growth in a smart and measured way, and the stock will probably move higher. The future of awesome Image source: Comcast. Managed service systems offer a more limited range of offerings, centered mostly on security, while charging a monthly monitoring fee. The best way to play this segment may be an investment in Comcast Corporation (NASDAQ:CMCSA). Its service is security based but also provides lighting and environment controls, while already having an "in" with networks and entertainment from its cable and broadband offerings. It sees this market as a natural extension of its existing business. Having its own broadband provides distinct advantages, allowing it to control that portion of the equation. The company has consistently grown both revenue and earnings over the past five years, and the stock has increased 174% to the S&P's 73% over the same time period.   Alexa, can you find my... ? The do-it-yourself market is much more cluttered and provides a variety of options to the discerning investor. Amazon.com's (NASDAQ:AMZN) Alexa, Alphabet's (NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google Assistant, and Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) Siri all represent entries into the nascent virtual-assistant category, and all offer a multitude of products that integrate with their devices. Each of these virtual assistants responds to voice commands. Amazon Echo and Echo Dot. Image source: Amazon.com. Amazon currently has the advantage of a yearlong head start with its Amazon Echo speaker system, powered by Alexa. It has meanwhile been integrating Alexa into its other products, including its Echo range, Tap, and Fire TV. This advantage should not be underestimated. Amazon released Alexa to third-party hardware providers that have been integrating Alexa into their products.  The list of products Amazon's assistant can partner with is quite extensive, including such diverse offerings as hubs -- which control and network the system -- lighting, and environmental, as well as a laundry list of big-name service partners. Not to be outdone, Apple recently released its HomeKit, which comes with its Siri pedigree and its own list of iCompatible device categories that include alarms and sensors, heating and cooling, and lights and switches. These are compatible across a wide swath of iPod, iPads, and, of course, iPhones.   iPhone 7 powered by Siri. Image source: Apple, Inc. Google, though late to the party, wants to steal the show. The Google Assistant is the brains behind the Google Home smart speaker and is integrated into the majority of Google-branded hardware products, including Android phones, Chromecast, and Android TV. It will also network with Google's software programs, including Google Calendar and Maps. In a recent research report, analytics firm IHS Markit reported that it believes that Google Smart Speakers will overtake Echo's lead by 2020.   Did I mention that these three companies also have other businesses? Image source: Google. No company is perfect, and each of these suggestions comes with its own potential downside. Amazon's dominance as an e-retailer is well known, and home automation is one of many additional revenue streams it's pursuing. Since it has a P/E of 187, investors need to understand that if home automation is what they're interested in, they're paying a premium for Amazon's projected growth in online retail and the plethora of ventures it's pursuing. Google's premium is much more reasonable, with a P/E of 30, but similar to Amazon, home automation represents only a small fraction of its business. Apple is the most reasonably priced of the three, with a P/E of 14, but be aware that its share price, along with the majority of its revenue and income, depends directly on the success or failure of its ubiquitous iPhone and its release cycles. The Foolish final word While not inclusive, this list provides investors with a starting point to invest in the home-automation segment. There are many ways to play this burgeoning market, so maybe one should ask "Alexa, what's the best home automation investment?" On second thought, better not: Her answer might be biased. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Danny Vena owns shares of Alphabet (A shares), Amazon.com, and Apple. Danny Vena has the following options: long January 2018 $85 calls on Apple, short January 2018 $90 calls on Apple, long January 2018 $640 calls on Alphabet (C shares), and short January 2018 $650 calls on Alphabet (C shares). The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A shares), Alphabet (C shares), Amazon.com, and Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Danny Vena (TMFLifeIsGood) I am a long-term investor who looks for intangibles that will provide for explosive growth opportunities for my investments. Article Info Jan 17, 2017 at 7:12PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $119.97 down $0.11 (-0.09%) Alphabet (A shares) NASDAQ:GOOGL $849.53 up $5.10 (0.60%) Amazon.com NASDAQ:AMZN $822.26 up $4.38 (0.54%) Comcast NASDAQ:CMCSA $73.63 up $0.37 (0.51%) Control4 NASDAQ:CTRL $11.30 up $0.05 (0.44%) Read More Alexa Could Be Amazon's "Fourth Pillar" Why 2017 Will Be the Year of the Virtual Assistant Amazon.com Has Officially Begun Drone Delivery 3 Stocks Worth Stuffing in Holiday Stockings This Year The 3 Best Technology Stocks for 2017 Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current 5 Top Home Automation Investments @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $GOOGL, $AMZN, $CMCSA, $CTRL
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Tuesday, January 24, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News The 45th President Trump Revives Keystone Oil Pipeline That Obama Blocked By PETER BAKER and CORAL DAVENPORT 2:05 PM ET President Trump continued dismantling his predecessor’s policies by clearing the way for a project that stirred years of debate over the balance between energy production and preventing climate change. Barack Obama rejected the proposed 1,179-mile pipeline in 2015, arguing that it would undercut American leadership in curbing the reliance on carbon energy. A Harsh Critic of the F.B.I., Trump Asks Its Director to Stay By MICHAEL S. SCHMIDT and ADAM GOLDMAN President Trump has decided to retain James B. Comey as head of the agency, Mr. Comey told his top agents, sparing the president another potentially bruising confirmation battle. Debt Is Projected to Increase by Nearly $10 Trillion by 2027 By ALAN RAPPEPORT 1:43 PM ET Congressional Budget Office projections reveal the strain that the debt will have on the economy as President Trump embarks on plans to slash taxes and ramp up spending. Trump’s 2 Supreme Court Choices Are a Study in Contrasts By ADAM LIPTAK 2:19 PM ET The leading contenders, Judge William Pryor Jr. and Judge Neil Gorsuch, are both conservatives but a study in contrasts. First 100 Days: An Oral History From White House Aides By JEREMY W. PETERS Senior officials from the administrations of Bill Clinton, George W. Bush and Barack Obama talked about their setbacks and triumphs in the White House. News Analysis Uncertainty and Risk as Trump Throws Out China Playbook By JANE PERLEZ and CHRIS BUCKLEY 3:31 PM ET As he tosses aside decades of American trade policy, President Trump could also go his own way on other issues with China, including Taiwan and the South China Sea. MORE IN POLITICS Keep or Replace Obamacare? It Might Be Up to the States. Hearings Briefing: More Ethics Questions for Health Nominee 3:47 PM ET Trump Aide Repeats Claim About Millions of Illegal Votes 4:51 PM ET The Daily 360 1:02 A Deadly Tornado’s Destruction William Widmer for The New York Times. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » Storm That Roared Through South Sweeps Into Northeast 12:06 PM ET Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. Sarah Mullett and John Grant were the first couple to be featured in a New York Times wedding announcement, in the newspaper’s very first issue on September 18, 1851. Credit Christopher Capozziello for The New York Times 165 Years of Love (and War) in Times Wedding Announcements The New York Times published its first wedding announcement in the very first issue of the newspaper, on September 18, 1851. This four-week series will take a look at how our wedding reporting has evolved. Your Morning Briefing By CHARLES McDERMID 4:25 PM ET Here’s what you need to know to start your day. California Today: What, Exactly, Is in Your Sushi? By MIKE McPHATE Plus, a state of emergency over flooding. Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times Smarter Living Soups to Make When You’re Sick NYT Cooking Sick Day Soups is a group of recipes collected by the editors of NYT Cooking Yes, There Is a ‘Right’ Way to Fall By KATE MURPHY Paratroopers and stuntmen share their advice: Be like a toddler.  Comments ‘La La Land’ and Diversity in Oscar Nods By BROOKS BARNES Voters gave “La La Land” 14 nominations, a tie for the most in Academy Award history. The academy also moved past two #OscarsSoWhite years by honoring six black actors — a record. 2017 Oscar Ballot: Make Your Picks | Surprises and SnubsNYT Now Nominees React | Where to Stream the Nominated MoviesNYT Now Desperate Conditions in a Serbian Migrant Camp By MEGAN SPECIA Migrants are stuck in freezing conditions behind the central train station in Belgrade, Serbia. From the Magazine What Went Wrong With the European Left? Ask France By JAMES ANGELOS As a presidential election approaches this spring, even workers in the country’s rust belt are embracing right-wing populism.  Comments Israel Approves Large West Bank Settlement Expansion By ISABEL KERSHNER 11:06 AM ET The move, after weeks of international criticism, signals that just days into the Trump administration, Israel feels more free to shake off restrictions. A Report Raises Concerns About New Hepatitis C Drugs By DENISE GRADY 3:57 PM ET Drugs approved in recent years that can cure hepatitis C may have severe side effects, including liver failure, a new report suggests. Manhattan Jail Built ‘to Drive People Mad’ Has El Chapo By JOSEPH GOLDSTEIN The Metropolitan Correctional Center, which is holding the Mexican drug lord Joaquín Guzmán Loera, has been called tougher than Guantánamo by one inmate who experienced both. When Campus Rapists Are Repeat Offenders By STEPHANIE SAUL Some students commit sexual assault more than once, research says. Many question whether colleges are doing enough to prevent these recurring crimes. A District Divided Harlem Schools Are Left to Fail as Those Nearby Thrive By KATE TAYLOR Community School District 3, on Manhattan’s West Side, is home to some of the best public elementary schools, but the district is divided by race, income and academic achievement.  Comments More News Three Powers Agree to Enforce Syria Cease-Fire An Added Hurdle to ‘Brexit’: Approval by Parliament 3:48 PM ET In Its Third Month, Modi’s Cash Ban Begins to Bite India Afghan Vice President’s Guards Sought in Torture Case A Plane of Riches Trails Gambia’s Departing Leader California Today The news and stories that matter to Californians (and anyone else interested in the state). Sign up to get it by email. A Pioneering Woman of Science Re-Emerges Maria Sibylla Merian captivated Europeans with her studies of insects. Now, 300 years later, her findings are being celebrated again. Children’s Book Awards Highlight Race The American Library Association’s annual prizes include a record four awards for Rep. John Lewis. Glimpses of a Gilded Past at Fowler & Wells Tom Colicchio’s new restaurant in a restored 1883 hotel aims for the opulence of a bygone era, but it sometimes loses focus. The Opinion Pages The Press Should Skip the White House Briefings By JOHN A. FARRELL 3:13 PM ET Washington under a Trump presidency will be a sieve of information. Journalists should focus on the leaks. Editorial: Trump’s Big-Money Establishment Bruni: The Wrong Way to Take on Trump 1:31 PM ET President Trump Is in the Building The Shocking Affront of Trump’s C.I.A. Stunt By YAEL EISENSTAT 3:13 PM ET My friend Gregg Wenzel did not make the ultimate sacrifice so this president could have a self-aggrandizing photo op. Brooks: After the March Cohen: The Banal Belligerence of Trump Leonhardt: Our Anti-Parent Workplace User Subscriptions A Trial and a Twitterstorm: On Live-Tweeting From a Federal Courthouse Women Who Voted for Donald Trump: How I Reported on Their Thoughts Times Insider » A Trial and a Twitterstorm: On Live-Tweeting From a Federal Courthouse The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Your Reading List Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Here are some suggestions to get started. Go to your reading list Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Access on any device. Learn More | Send Feedback Watching The Neediest Cases A Door to a Home Brimming With Love, and Open to All Sandra Parker, inspired by her own upbringing, has welcomed the task of raising several of her grandchildren, stepping up when her children could not. In its 105th year, The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund has provided direct assistance to those struggling in New York and beyond. Donate now » From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Magazine How Alexa Fits Into Amazon’s Prime Directive Opinion The C.D.C.’s Troubling New Power Science Gene-Modified Ants Hint at Societal Evolution Multimedia/Photos Building Bridges Between Turkey and Armenia Opinion At Quang Nam, a Raid and a Reckoning Pro Football Can We Get a Close Super Bowl? Please? Book Review ‘Patriots’ Charts a Family’s Reverse Journey Opinion Why BuzzFeed News Published the Dossier N.Y. / Region Photographing the Bike Life T Magazine Top 10 Moments From the Men’s Fashion Shows Opinion Letters: A Day of Protest Readers discuss the Women’s March and the president’s reaction. Books Walk Softly, and Don’t Leave the Shampoo Out Sections World » Harold Hayes, Survivor of Secret World War II Odyssey, Dies at 94 Emboldened by Trump, Israel Approves Defiant Wave of West Bank Settlement Expansion Preparing to Meet Trump, Mexican Leader Seeks Common Ground Business Day » News Analysis: Trump Injects High Risk Into Relations With China Square Feet: The Super Bowl Returns to a Transformed Houston Nasdaq Approaches New High as Stocks Gain in Afternoon Trade Opinion » Op-Ed Contributor: Ditching T.P.P. Won’t Solve the Trade Deficit Editorial: President Trump’s Big-Money Establishment David Brooks: After the Women’s March U.S. » Barely Two R’s Are Taught at School That Led Tribe to Sue U.S. Supreme Court Won’t Hear Appeal From Texas on Voter ID Case Call to Create Jobs, or Else, Tests Trump’s Sway Technology » The New Health Care: Blame Technology, Not Longer Life Spans, for Health Spending Increases Alibaba’s Profile Is Global, but Its Fate Is Tied to China Snapchat Discover Takes a Hard Line on Misleading and Explicit Images Arts » Oscar Nominations 2017: 14 for ‘La La Land,’ and 6 for Black Actors 2017 Oscar Ballot Oscar 2017 Nominees React Politics » Trump’s Supreme Court Choices Come Into Focus Trump Revives Keystone Pipeline Rejected by Obama Federal Debt Projected to Grow by Nearly $10 Trillion Over Next Decade Fashion & Style » COMMITTED Styles Q. and A.: Tiffany Trump Looked West for Her Inauguration Dress Boîte: Ladyfag Hosts a New Party in Brooklyn Movies » Oscar Nominations 2017: 14 for ‘La La Land,’ and 6 for Black Actors Oscar Snubs and Surprises 2017 Oscar Ballot New York » A District Divided: Harlem Schools Are Left to Fail as Those Not Far Away Thrive Manhattan Jail That Holds El Chapo Is Called Tougher Than Guantánamo Bay New York City to Pay Up to $75 Million Over Dismissed Summonses Sports » What’s Wrong With the Golden State Warriors? Warped Expectations Roger Federer Will Face Stan Wawrinka in Australian Open Semifinal On Tennis: CoCo Vandeweghe Tames Her Emotions and Elevates Her Game Theater » Review: ‘Tell Hector I Miss Him’ Sketches Love and Addiction in Puerto Rico Poster Perfect: The Art of James McMullan Oscar Nomination Puts Lin-Manuel Miranda One Step Closer to an EGOT Science » Basics: Gene-Modified Ants Shed Light on How Societies Are Organized Trilobites: A Pioneering Woman of Science Re‑Emerges After 300 Years Trilobites: Ancient Bits of Rock Help Solve an Asteroid Mystery Obituaries » Harold Hayes, Survivor of Secret World War II Odyssey, Dies at 94 Charlie Liteky, 85, Dies; Returned Medal of Honor in Protest Michael H. Goldberg, 73, Lawyer Who Bridged A.B.A. and N.B.A., Dies Television » Critic's Notebook: For Trump, Everything Is a Rating Now That Trump Is President, How Will TV Respond? ‘The New Edition Story’ Is a Loving Tribute to a Talented but Tormented Group Health » Are New Drugs for Hepatitis C Safe? A Report Raises Concerns 7 Young People on Their Views of Gender The Right Way to Fall Travel » Pursuits: In Michigan, a Fight Over the Future of a Fabled Trout River The Getaway: Head Trip: Meditation Apps for Travelers Shanghai Dwellings Vanish, and With Them, a Way of Life Books » Books of The Times: He Doesn’t Like It When You Leave Your Shampoo Out ‘The Evenings,’ a Dutch Classic, Arrives in English. It Only Took 70 Years. Fiction: Monica Ali on Rachel Cusk’s Risky, Revolutionary New Novel Education » In Navient Lawsuits, Unsettling Echoes of Past Lending Crisis Nominee Betsy DeVos’s Knowledge of Education Basics Is Open to Criticism Lois Dickson Rice, Trailblazing Executive Behind Pell Grants, Dies at 83 Food » Restaurant Review: Glimpses of a Gilded Past at Fowler & Wells Charred, Browned, Blackened: The Dark Lure of Burned Food A Second Act for Pujol, Mexico’s World-Class Restaurant Sunday Review » Frank Bruni: The President Who Buried Humility Editorial: The Republican Health Care Con Ross Douthat: The Tempting of the Media Real Estate » What's Selling Now: Homes That Sold for Around $750,000 The History Hidden in the Walls Calculator: The Beginning of a Buyer’s Market in Manhattan? The Upshot » The 2016 Race: Trump’s Claim of Millions of Illegal Votes? There’s Simply No Evidence The New Health Care: Blame Technology, Not Longer Life Spans, for Health Spending Increases Demographic Shift: Peak Millennial? Cities Can’t Assume a Continued Boost From the Young Magazine » Feature: Will France Sound the Death Knell for Social Democracy? First Words: Calling Yourself ‘Humbled’ Doesn’t Sound as Humble as It Used To Notebook: Who Didn’t Go to the Women’s March Matters More Than Who Did Automobiles » Trump, in Meeting, Urges Automakers to Build in United States Driven: The BMW X4 M40i Is Fast, if Not Practical Wheels: A Whiff of a New-Car Smell, Just a Page Flip Away T Magazine » 48 Hours With Dior’s Maria Grazia Chiuri The Enduring Allure of Isabelle Huppert The Auteurs Changing Cinema Times Insider » Save the Date: Feb. 7: Will Shortz: Meet the Puzzle Master! A Trial and a Twitterstorm: On Live-Tweeting From a Federal Courthouse What We’re Reading Real Estate » Renters Found: Roommate With a Completely Different Schedule By KIM VELSEY A New York City teaching fellow rented out her bedroom and moved into the living room to help make the rent. Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Sell Your Home Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
skip to main content Austin's NPR Station Site Menu DONATE Menu News Austin Crime & Justice Education Energy & Environment Health Politics Texas Transportation Features Higher Ed In Black America KUT Weekend On My Block StateImpact Texas StoryCorps Austin Texas Standard The Ticket Two Guys on Your Head Life & Arts Arts Eclectic Get Involved In Perspective National Poetry Month The Daily Buzz The Write Up Views & Brews Podcasts Support Become a Member Business Circle Car Donations Leadership Circle Membership Drive Member Login Newsletters Planned Giving Program Sponsorships Sustaining Members Thank-You Gifts Volunteer About About KUT Contact How to Listen Jobs Mobile Guide Press Music Cactus Cafe KUTX VuHaus Program Schedule Search Menu News Austin Crime & Justice Education Energy & Environment Health Politics Texas Transportation Features Higher Ed In Black America KUT Weekend On My Block StateImpact Texas StoryCorps Austin Texas Standard The Ticket Two Guys on Your Head Life & Arts Arts Eclectic Get Involved In Perspective National Poetry Month The Daily Buzz The Write Up Views & Brews Podcasts Support Become a Member Business Circle Car Donations Leadership Circle Membership Drive Member Login Newsletters Planned Giving Program Sponsorships Sustaining Members Thank-You Gifts Volunteer About About KUT Contact How to Listen Jobs Mobile Guide Press Music Cactus Cafe KUTX VuHaus Program Schedule Search Listen Live KUT City Prepares to Unveil Draft of New Land Development Code By Audrey McGlinchy • Jan 17, 2017 TweetShareGoogle+Email The city plans to release a draft of its new land development code at the end of the month, but residents won’t learn how the new code could affect their homes or their neighborhoods until April. Miguel Gutierrez Jr. /KUT News The last time the City of Austin overhauled its land development code, Prince was at the top of the charts, Ronald Reagan was president, and Apple had released the first Macintosh PC. It was 1984. Needless to say, much has changed. “Obviously, Austin looks a little different now than it did in the '80s,” says Alina Carnahan, public information officer with the city’s Planning and Zoning Department. In 2012, the city decided it would initiate a comprehensive rewrite of the code. After several delays, staff and consultants are prepared to release a draft of that code at the end of the month. Though, an earlier draft was made public last week by an anonymous Twitter user who tagged several journalists. The city responded Tuesday, saying it appeared to be a legitimate, but out-of-date, draft copy. "While on its surface, it appears to be a genuine draft, we cannot confirm the validity of all of the content," the city wrote. "This early draft does not include over six months’ worth of work and revisions by the CodeNEXT staff." While an official draft becomes public Jan. 30, plenty of work awaits city staff and the public after that. Throughout February and March, the city will host open houses for residents to learn about the code and comment on it. Residents won’t learn how the new code could affect their homes or their neighborhoods until April. That’s when zoning maps will be released that detail which building and environment regulations apply where. Carnahan says homeowners shouldn’t worry. Listen Listening... / 1:54 KUT's Audrey McGlinchy reports “While we’re technically – by name, at least – rezoning the entire city, for most people they’re really not going to see a difference, or at least a very big difference, in what their home is going to be zoned as.” City staff will work to incorporate the public’s comments into the first draft and aim to release a second draft in August. A final version of the new code is expected to go before city council by April 2018. Tags:  land development code real estate Development TweetShareGoogle+Email Related Content City Previews Pitfalls Before Development Plan Rewrite By Andrew Weber • Feb 28, 2013 KUT News Nationally recognized city planners descended on Austin today with a bit of advice for the city as it begins to retool its land development code: Don’t screw it up.  Planning experts from Raleigh, N.C; Madison, WI; Denver, CO; and Dallas briefed members of the Land Development Code Advisory Board in preparation for their first meeting on Tuesday, when they'll begin  to rewrite the code for the first time since 1984. They emphasized that the city needs to get the code right, or prepare for perpetual litigation and complications that come with a sloppy development code. Development Code Overhaul Won't Come Easy By Joy Diaz • Feb 1, 2013 Callie Hernandez, KUT News Austin is completely rewriting its building, zoning and land use codes for the first time in almost 30 years. The Land Development Code has remained virtually untouched for so long, in part, because of its length and complexity. Jackie Goodman is so familiar with the Land Development Code that the acronym LDC just rolls off her tongue. During her 12 years on the Austin City Council and even more on the Planning Commission, the LDC was Goodman’s go-to document. So she can explain what’s in it. East Austin Theater at the Center of Code Dispute By Syeda Hasan • Aug 30, 2016 Megan K. Miller via Twitter Austin’s Code Department is responsible for making sure land is used for its intended purpose. So what happens when those rules are broken? One East Austin theater is finding itself at the center of a code dispute. Listen Listening... / 2:24 Round Rock Drafts Its First-Ever Land Development Code By Syeda Hasan • Dec 13, 2016 Jorge Sanhueza-Lyon / KUT It’s no secret that development is booming in Austin and its surrounding suburbs. Just north of Austin, the city of Round Rock is working to accommodate that growth by creating its first-ever land development code. Austin's High-End Apartment Market Closes Some of Its Vacancy Gap By Syeda Hasan • Dec 2, 2016 Jorge Sanhueza-Lyon / KUT High-end apartments have come to dominate the rental market in downtown Austin. A few years ago, those developments saw a sharp drop in occupancy as new units flooded the market, but the market seems to be on its way to stabilizing. Council Moves Forward with Plan for Austin Oaks PUD By Syeda Hasan • Dec 23, 2016 City of Austin After approving a major mixed-use development called the Grove at Shoal Creek, the Austin City Council is moving forward with another big residential and commercial project planned for West Austin. © 2017 KUT Program schedule Directions and map Contact A service of the Moody College of Communication at the University of Texas at Austin
Home Photos Videos Archives Polls About Us Loading Kim Kardashian Returns To LA After Getting Back To Work In Dubai And NYC Posted on Tue Jan 17th, 2017 3:00pm PDT       By X17 Staff It's been a busy week for Kimmy K! Kim Kardashian returned to LA this afternoon via private jet, and after spending months in hiding following her Paris robbery last October, the reality star really hit the ground running getting back to work. First, she jetted to Dubai to teach a masterclass with longtime makeup artist Mario Dedivanovic, then she stopped off in NYC to film a cameo for Ocean's Eight with sister Kendall Jenner. The E! starlet vowed to tone down her lavish lifestyle and social media presence following the jewel heist, but she can't fool us. The mother-of-two rocked sweatpants, a fur coat, and snakeskin boots for her travel day, but we're sure her outfit still cost thousands of dollars. During her time in the Big Apple, the brunette bombshell made time to grab lunch with Naomi Campbell. The two know each other from fashion circles, but they also have something in common... the supermodel suffered a terrifying robbery in France, too! "I kept mine on the down low, but in 2012 I was attacked in Paris. They followed me from the airport. They attacked me. They opened my car door and said, 'Naomi Campbell, we're going to kill you.' I didn't make it so public; I didn't want it to be... I very much sympathize with her [Kim], and I felt for her right away. I hated hearing these stories that it wasn't true. It was absolutely true and it happened to me, and it's happened to a few other people—but it's not for me to say—who are well-known also," Campbell revealed during a recent appearance on The Wendy Williams Show. Kim might be bouncing back, but what remains to be seen is what happens with her marriage to Kanye. She wants us to think everything's fine, but rumor has it there's more than a little tension between them. Could the couple be the first celebrity split of 2017? Guess we'll have to wait and see! SEE THE GALLERY Kim Kardashian Back From Trip To Dubai And Stop In NYC To Film Ocean's Eight Cameo Stories from around the Web Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Join X17 on Twitter! Tweets by @x17online Latest Celebrity Tweets Tweets from @x17online/celebs-twittertivity Poll Should President Trump's son Barron be off-limits? He's a public figure now whether he wants to be or not - fair game. Hell yes - kids should always be off limits. Vote See Results Selena Bella Latest News Kim Kardashian's Lip Ring Makes Us Want To Smack Her In The Face Drake Spotted Dining With Porn Star In Amsterdam Report: Scott Disick Reverts Back To His Hard-Partying Ways At Sundance Kim Shares Throwback Photos Of Son Saint In The Studio With Kanye Bella Hadid And Kendall Jenner Put On A Fashionable Display At The Chanel Show Paris Jackson Tells Rolling Stone Her Father Michael Was Murdered Kylie Jenner Goes Back To Her Black Bob Model Hanne Gaby Odiele Reveals She's Intersex Justin Bieber Is Going Looney Tunes Over Selena Gomez Dating The Weeknd La La Land Ties For Record 14 Oscar Nominations! Mel Gibson Welcomes His Ninth Child, A Baby Boy With Girlfriend Rosalind Ross Kim Makes Sure Everyone Knows She Has A Philanthropic Side By Sharing Pic Of Her Pediatric Hospital Visit In Dubai Gavin Rossdale Opens Up About Split From Gwen Stefani: "Divorce Was Opposite To What I Wanted" Chelsea Clinton Says Barron Trump "Deserves To Be A Kid," Takes A Dig At The President Stacey Dash Fired From Fox News Joanna Krupa Gets Backlash Over "Nude" Selfie Home Photos Video Archive Polls About Contact Buy Pix Sell Pix Terms of Use Your Tips Advertise ©2017 X17 Inc., All Rights Reserved Help us to improve! Send us your suggestions RSS Twitter Email
Latest News Dow 19,913 +112.86 +0.57% Nasdaq 5,601 +48.01 +0.86% S&P 500 2,280 +14.87 +0.66% 5:00 P.M. ET How a Republican border tax proposal could boost U.S. oil production and prices 4:57 P.M. ET Updated The stock market’s ‘fear index’ may have nowhere to go but up 4:53 P.M. ET Discover Financial's profit rises on loan growth 4:52 P.M. ET Intuitive Surgical profit rises 7% 4:50 P.M. ET Texas Instruments shares wobble after hours following earnings beat 4:45 P.M. ET API data show weekly rise of 2.9 million barrels in U.S. crude supplies: sources 4:42 P.M. ET Cree shares up nearly 5% on company's earnings, sales beat 4:41 P.M. ET Updated President of Gap unit Banana Republic to leave the company 4:41 P.M. ET Updated Bob Evans Farms to sell restaurants and buy potatoes, stock soars 4:37 P.M. ET Seagate rallies on robust second-quarter earnings 4:36 P.M. ET Updated Dollar finds footing after skid on Trump policy worries 4:32 P.M. ET Texas Instruments Q4 revenue $3.41 bln vs $3.19 bln 4:32 P.M. ET Updated S&P 500, Nasdaq notch new records as Dow moves closer to 20,000 4:32 P.M. ET Breaking Texas Instruments Q4 EPS $1.02 vs 80c year ago 4:29 P.M. ET Alcoa Corp. shares gain after company's sales come in slightly above expectations 4:25 P.M. ET How Republicans and Democrats feel about their money and how to file taxes for free 4:18 P.M. ET Treasury yields notch largest daily gain in 6 weeks 4:13 P.M. ET Updated ‘Godfather’ of chart analysis says Trump rally has another 5% pop left 4:13 P.M. ET What to expect when PayPal reports earnings 4:12 P.M. ET Updated Alcoa Corp. Q4 adj. EPS 14 cents vs. expectation 20 cents Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In New York Markets After Hours Market Snapshot Winners and Losers Home Industries Computers/Electronics MarketWatch First Take Get email alerts Qualcomm licensing business, Apple deal attacked in FTC’s antitrust lawsuit By Therese Poletti Published: Jan 18, 2017 6:48 a.m. ET Share Opinion: Even with commissioner’s dissent, dark cloud to hang over stock Getty Images Qualcomm investors may need an umbrella after an FTC lawsuit put a dark cloud over the stock. By TheresePoletti Columnist An antitrust lawsuit filed by the Federal Trade Commission against Qualcomm Inc. puts a dark cloud over a chip company that had managed to battle back from a steep stock drop. Qualcomm QCOM, +0.22% derives the bulk of its profits from licensing its technology, but that business has been under attack by regulators off and on for more than 10 years. In 2015, a whopping $975 million fine and royalty rate cut in China emboldened regulators world-wide. In December, South Korea fined Qualcomm $853 million for antitrust violations, saying that it used its position as a key chip supplier as a tool to convince mobile phone makers to agree to unfair terms. On Tuesday, just days before the Donald Trump administration takes over, the FTC alleged that Qualcomm is using anticompetitive tactics to “maintain its monopoly in the supply of a key semiconductor device used in cellphones and other consumer products.” It also alleged that Qualcomm, in a manner similar to past behavior by chip giant Intel Corp. INTC, +2.31% INTC, +2.31% gave Apple Inc. AAPL, -0.09%  “rebate payments” of royalties, conditioned upon Apple’s exclusive use of Qualcomm processors in its devices. The FTC noted in its complaint that these agreements “effectively foreclosed Qualcomm’s competitors from gaining baseband processor business at Apple.” Qualcomm issued a statement saying the central thesis of the FTC’s complaint is wrong. “The portrayal of facts offered by the FTC as the basis for the agency’s case is significantly flawed,” the company said. “In particular, Qualcomm has never withheld or threatened to withhold chip supply in order to obtain agreement to unfair or unreasonable licensing terms.” Qualcomm’s shares fell about 4% Tuesday after news of the lawsuit hit. The company’s stock fell sharply in late 2015 as it faced resistance to its licensing practices, but has bounced back in the past year, gaining more than 40%. The San Diego company is a pioneer in CDMA technology and has patents on key innovations and underlying technologies for cellphones. It licenses its patents to cellphone makers around the world and its licensing business is far more profitable than revenue from its chipsets. In an interesting twist, the FTC decision to sue the chip maker, which came two years after its investigation began in 2014, was not unanimous. One of the three FTC commissioners, Maureen Ohlhausen, dissented, and issued what she said was a rare statement as she faced an “extraordinary situation.” She said the enforcement action was “based on a flawed legal theory” ahead of a new incoming administration, and that by its mere issuance, the action “will undermine U.S. intellectual property rights in Asia and world-wide.” Ohlhausen noted that the FTC complaint “failed to allege that Qualcomm charges more than a reasonable royalty” and “speaks to the dearth of evidence in this case.” Qualcomm also noted the transition to a new administration and an apparent hastiness of the suit. “In our recent discussions with the FTC, it became apparent that it still lacked basic information about the industry and was instead relying on inaccurate information and presumptions,” said Don Rosenberg, executive vice president and general counsel at Qualcomm. “In fact, Qualcomm was still receiving requests for information from the agency that would be necessary to an informed view of the facts when it became apparent that the FTC was driving to file a complaint before the transition to the new Administration.” While Qualcomm sees major flaws in the accusations, they will likely get a full hearing. “It’s not going to go away, assuming it doesn’t get withdrawn,” Bernstein Research analyst Stacy Rasgon said. “If it goes to trial, it will be tied up for years. They finally just fixed China…then South Korea and the FTC comes down on them. They can’t catch a break.” Rasgon noted that the company’s licensing business makes up approximately 80% of its profits and that Qualcomm really is a “licensing business,” so any changes and risks to that revenue source are closely watched. The FTC suit is yet another risk for investors to keep an eye on. Qualcomm shares have gained 40% in the last 12 months, while the S&P 500 SPX, +0.66%  has gained 20.6%. More from MarketWatch Trump is building a wall of worry, and that might be good news for stocks President Trump's Inaugural First Dance Norovirus Stomach Bug: How Bad Is It This Year? Quote References QCOM +0.12 +0.22% INTC +0.85 +2.31% AAPL -0.11 -0.09% SPX +14.87 +0.66% Most Popular How a Republican border tax proposal could boost U.S. oil production and prices Amazon becomes first streaming company to get Oscar best picture nod The stock market’s ‘fear index’ may have nowhere to go but up Budget nominee says increasing Social Security retirement age should be considered This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like Therese Poletti Therese Poletti is a senior columnist for MarketWatch in San Francisco. Follow her on Twitter @tpoletti. MarketWatch Partner Center Therese Poletti Therese Poletti is a senior columnist for MarketWatch in San Francisco. Follow her on Twitter @tpoletti. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate Smart home tips & tricks for a better you in 2017 View More SectorWatch How credit scores predict what you will buy next View More Real Estate The U.S. cities that are gentrifying the fastest—you’ll never guess No. 1 View More Sponsored Content Barron's: 3 ways to help improve retirement outcomes View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Qualcomm Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: QCOM $55.00 +0.12 (+0.22%) Volume 41.2M Open $55.02 High $55.77 Low $54.70 P/E Ratio 14.44 Div Yield 3.85 Market Cap 81.1B Intel Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: INTC $37.62 +0.85 (+2.31%) Volume 34.2M Open $36.84 High $37.74 Low $36.81 P/E Ratio 17.75 Div Yield 2.76 Market Cap 174.3B Intel Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: INTC $37.62 +0.85 (+2.31%) Volume 34.2M Open $36.84 High $37.74 Low $36.81 P/E Ratio 17.75 Div Yield 2.76 Market Cap 174.3B Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $119.97 -0.11 (-0.09%) Volume 22.6M Open $119.55 High $120.10 Low $119.50 P/E Ratio 14.51 Div Yield 1.9 Market Cap 631.4B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,280.07 +14.87 (+0.66%) Volume 2.2B Open 2,268 High 2,285 Low 2,267 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A LatestNews
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu MAKER BYE The CEO of former 3D-printing darling MakerBot has resigned Written by Mike Murphy January 17, 2017 What comes after hype. (AP Photo/Julie Jacobson) Share Written by Mike Murphy January 17, 2017 MakerBot CEO Jonathan Jaglom, who tried to pivot the company away from an unsuccessful push into consumer 3D-printing, has resigned after two years in charge, the company announced today. Just a few years ago, MakerBot was one of the highest-profile examples of the burgeoning 3D-printing market; it was even touted as the “Apple” of the industry, due to its clean design, high prices, and proprietary retail outlets. In 2013, arguably the height of that optimism, the company was purchased by industrial 3D-printing firm Stratasys for more than $600 million. (Given the multiple write-downs of MakerBot’s value since its acquisition, some have argued that Stratasys vastly overpaid for the Brooklyn-based company.) MakerBot founder Bre Pettis stepped down as CEO a few months after the acquisition; he left Stratasys altogether in June 2015. Interim CEO Jenny Lawton took over for less than a year, and in February 2015, Jaglom—at the time general manager of Stratasys Asia Pacific Japan, and son of the chairman of the board—was installed as MakerBot’s new chief. During his tenure, Jaglom instituted multiple rounds of layoffs, including everyone that actually built MakerBot’s printers in Brooklyn. (They’re now built by a company in China.) He also shuttered all of the company’s retail stores. All of this was part of a broader strategy of Jaglom’s, to pursue new markets like education and professional services as it became clear the average consumer wasn’t going to buy a $1,000 personal 3D printer. The dream of a Jetsons-like box that could produce whatever you want at the push of a button was a far cry from the reality: loud, complicated machines capable of slowly printing out small plastic trinkets. Jaglom, who MakerBot says is looking to spend more time with his family back in Israel, will be replaced by the company’s president, Nadav Goshen. “I’m excited to continue working towards our vision of putting a desktop 3D printer in every classroom and on the desk of every designer and engineer,” Goshen said in a statement. Read this next: 3D printing is not the miracle we were promised Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search Post to Cancel
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Technology News Reviews Opinion Internet security Social media Apple Google More Telegraph Technology Deliveroo to hire hundreds of engineers at London HQ Deliveroo will employ 300 new tech experts Cara McGoogan 18 January 2017 • 12:01am Deliveroo plans to employ hundreds of new staff at a new London headquarters, trebling its current engineering headcount. The British food delivery company plans to hire 300 software and hardware engineers at an office in Canon Street this summer to work on technology such as the Deliveroo app and logistics systems. The news is the latest boost to London's technology scene in the wake of commitments by Google, Apple, Facebook and Snapchat to widen their footprint in the capital since the Brexit vote. Deliveroo, which operates in 12 countries and employs over 1,000 people full time, said it would hire experts in behavioural economics, machine learning and data analysis. The new recruits will join a 125-employee strong team that has built the tech to date and is headed by former executives from Facebook, Twitter, Netflix and Groupon. The announcement comes after a period of dramatic growth for the company in which its orders grew 650pc in 2016. Deliveroo works with more than 8,000 local restaurants in the UK and 20,000 around the world, according to its latest figures. Its services are available in 75 cities across the country where thousands of delivery people are employed.  "London is where I founded this company and it's from our headquarters here that we export our British-born technology around the world," said Will Shu, founder and chief executive of Deliveroo.  "When so many success stories in the on-demand economy have been grown from America, I am particularly proud to be doing this here in Britain." Deliveroo is seen as one of Britain's most promising technology start-ups and is one of a handful of "unicorns" to be valued at more than $1bn (£810m).  A host of tech companies have recently announced London expansions. Facebook has said it will hire 500 staff this year, and Google will hire 3,000 by 2020. Snap, the company that owns Snapchat, said last week it had chosen the UK as its international base for sales outside the US.   Follow Telegraph Science & Tech READ MORE ABOUT: Deliveroo Show more Technology latest 24 Jan 2017, 5:36pm Pokémon Duel: Follow up to Pokémon Go hits app stores in surprise launch 24 Jan 2017, 2:42pm Comment: Streaming has gone from the music industry's problem child to its saviour Monty Munford Premium Gallery 24 Jan 2017, 11:49am Gallery: 21 iPhone secrets, shortcuts and hidden features you should know about 24 Jan 2017, 10:12am Samsung mobile phone sales fall to lowest level in five years 24 Jan 2017, 10:01am Bluetooth 'baby on board' app tells Tube passengers to give up seats for pregnant women 23 Jan 2017, 10:36pm Yahoo reveals $4.8bn deal with Verizon delayed 23 Jan 2017, 4:00pm Resident Evil 7: Biohazard review - Grisly and intimate horror that's daft enough to ensure we're having fun 4 Gallery 23 Jan 2017, 3:17pm Gallery: iOS 10: The best hidden features 01:02 23 Jan 2017, 10:25am Samsung to delay Galaxy S8 launch after Note 7 investigation  23 Jan 2017, 6:00am Nokia's vision for the future of healthcare Premium 23 Jan 2017, 12:01am Digital mortgage broker Habito raises £5.5m from Silicon Valley investor 22 Jan 2017, 6:43pm Comment: Samsung's bribery case comes at the worst possible time James Titcomb Premium 22 Jan 2017, 12:08am Twitter apologises after Obama supporters find themselves following Donald Trump on social media 21 Jan 2017, 8:50am Virtual reality smell-o-vision and hoverbikes: The best tech of the week 20 Jan 2017, 10:39am Comment: The utopian dream of the internet has become a nightmare – and Donald Trump is its spawn Jamie Bartlett Gallery 20 Jan 2017, 9:30am Gallery: The most famous photoshopped images of all time 20 Jan 2017, 8:53am Redhead emoji finally on the table after campaign for ginger equality 20 Jan 2017, 7:41am Facebook blocks Russia Today from posting until day after Trump's inauguration Gallery 20 Jan 2017, 7:00am Gallery: Resident Evil rated - The best (and worst) games of the famous horror series 19 Jan 2017, 5:55pm The Division movie: Oscar-winning Matthew Gaghan to direct film based on Ubisoft’s video game thriller Gallery 19 Jan 2017, 3:29pm Gallery: Most popular Instagram accounts - in pictures If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017 Your support makes a big difference In order to bring you award-winning content and investigative journalism from your favourite writers, we rely on revenue generated by advertising. Please consider supporting us by turning off your ad blocker. Just a couple of clicks will make a big difference. Thank you. Need help? Click here for instructions Close
Welcome Log out Login Register ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST LOGIN REGISTER PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables Home> Mobile Menu PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables TRENDING TOPICS Intel Trade Shows CES 2017 Mobile Smartphones CPUs GPUs Kaby Lake Systems Home> Mobile United States FTC Charges Qualcomm with Antitrust Violations over Cellular Modem Patents & Technology by Ryan Smith on January 17, 2017 6:30 PM EST Posted in Mobile Qualcomm Smartphones SOC Legal 39 Comments | Add A Comment 39 Comments + Add A Comment Qualcomm’s legal problems are growing. This afternoon the United States Federal Trade Commission, which has been investigating Qualcomm for possible anti-trust issues since 2014, has moved on to the next stage in their investigating by formally charging the company with multiple antitrust violations. This is the latest in a series of moves from national regulatory authorities, which has seen China, South Korea, and the European Union all fine, settle with, or investigate the company. As with the cases against Qualcomm in other nations, much of FTC’s suit sounds similar: that Qualcomm refused to follow FRAND practices on its patents, and that it used its leverage to force device manufacturers to use its modems by making competing modems more expensive via royalties. Furthermore the FTC also alleges that Qualcomm worked to prevent the adoption of competing (non-LTE) technologies altogether. The FTC summarizes their key points as follows: [Qualcomm] Maintains a “no license, no chips” policy under which it will supply its baseband processors only on the condition that cell phone manufacturers agree to Qualcomm’s preferred license terms. The FTC alleges that this tactic forces cell phone manufacturers to pay elevated royalties to Qualcomm on products that use a competitor’s baseband processors. According to the Commission’s complaint, this is an anticompetitive tax on the use of rivals’ processors. “No license, no chips” is a condition that other suppliers of semiconductor devices do not impose. The risk of losing access to Qualcomm baseband processors is too great for a cell phone manufacturer to bear because it would preclude the manufacturer from selling phones for use on important cellular networks.   Refuses to license standard-essential patents to competitors. Despite its commitment to license standard-essential patents on FRAND terms, Qualcomm has consistently refused to license those patents to competing suppliers of baseband processors.   Extracted exclusivity from Apple in exchange for reduced patent royalties. Qualcomm precluded Apple from sourcing baseband processors from Qualcomm’s competitors from 2011 to 2016. Qualcomm recognized that any competitor that won Apple’s business would become stronger, and used exclusivity to prevent Apple from working with and improving the effectiveness of Qualcomm’s competitors. Points 1 and 2 are fairly straightforward. If Qualcomm was not licensing their patents out at all, or not licensing them under FRAND terms, then that would allow the company to discourage the use of competing modems, either via royalties or the risk of a lawsuit for violating their patents. Qualcomm holds a number of standards-essential patents for both CDMA and LTE, with both network technologies seeing heavy use in the roughly decade-long time period the complaint covers. Similarly, once device vendors agree to use Qualcomm’s chips, Qualcomm is also accused of forcing them to accept the company’s patent licensing terms, which according to the FTC is not a standard industry practice. The end result being that device vendors would be locked into paying higher patent royalties. But perhaps the most interesting – and certainly most novel – aspect of the FTC’s complaint is specifically the company’s agreement with Apple. In their complaint, the FTC alleges that Qualcomm forged a deal with Apple specifically to prevent competitors (e.g. Intel) from getting a foothold in the market and eroding Qualcomm’s dominance. This aspect of the FTC’s complaint also extends to competing technologies, with the FTC further accusing Qualcomm of forging agreements with Apple in part to prevent the adoption of WiMax, which is now a failed standard that was overtaken by the more Qualcomm patent-heavy LTE. Ultimately in filing this complaint, the FTC is looking to force Qualcomm to halt what the commission sees as anticompetitive actions and to ensure a competitive market for cellular modems/basebands. It’s worth noting that as this is just the initial complaint, unless the FTC and Qualcomm were to settle early, this likely will be a multi-year legal battle just to prove or disprove the FTC’s complaints (and that doesn’t include any potential remedies/fines). At the same time, LTE is now well-entrenched and 5G technology is under development, so the market won’t be standing still one way or another while this case is going on. Finally, in response to the FTC’s complaint, Qualcomm has issued their own press release denying the allegations against them. Along with refuting the FCC’s claim that they withheld chips, the company is also voicing their disagreement at the FTC’s underlying legal theory and what they see as a lack of evidence. The company is also questioning the timing of the suit, noting that it comes days before the new presidential administration takes power, insinuating that the suit was filed now to get the case started before the new administration (and its appointed FTC members) took control. Source: United States FTC Tweet PRINT THIS ARTICLE Post Your Comment Please log in or sign up to comment. POST A COMMENT 39 Comments View All Comments invinciblegod - Tuesday, January 17, 2017 - link Ironic that the Intel who paid PC manufacturers to exclude AMD was handicapped with the same method by Qualcomm. Reply thestryker - Tuesday, January 17, 2017 - link In my estimation it's even worse as you're right they're doing the same type of stuff as Intel, who got caught and fined massive amounts as well as being under extra scrutiny. Unlike Intel vs AMD however there are market players with huge capital who can fight in the mobile market whereas AMD was somewhat crushed by what had happened. This could easily have relatively quick impact in the mobile space. Reply ddriver - Tuesday, January 17, 2017 - link "fined massive amounts" It was literally crumbs. The amount of money intel was fined and hat to pay is a fraction of the damage they inflicted and the money they made on it. As far as intel is concerned, that is a win. They already inflicted irreversible damage than rendered their sole competitor effectively and perpetually impotent, and all they received was a slap on the wrist, while getting to keep their monopoly. Reply Nagorak - Tuesday, January 17, 2017 - link Yeah, I don't have any sympathy for Intel in this case. Turnabout's fair play, as far as I'm concerned. Reply beginner99 - Wednesday, January 18, 2017 - link It' did not matter at that time as AMDs fab were running 100% and they could not have produced more chips anyway. So it was kind of a dumb move from Intel. Reply Samus - Wednesday, January 18, 2017 - link Intel wasn't trying to hold back AMD's sales, they were trying to hold back their name recognition, particularly by restricting sales through Dell (the largest PC maker at the time) which crippled them when they ramped up production. The lost revenue during that period (they produced tens of thousands of chips they couldn't even sell around the time the Core 2 Duo launched in 2005-2006) was destructive to AMD's long term R&D and they have never rebounded with architecture or process competitiveness. As far as Qualcomm goes, it is downright damning to restrict sales of modems or other auxiliary components to an OEM that isn't buying your SoC's. It's hard to imagine they thought they would even get away with it since there are so many OEMs they've been doing this too and they all have evidence. Reply Oxford Guy - Wednesday, January 18, 2017 - link "Intel wasn't trying to hold back AMD's sales, they were trying to hold back their name recognition, particularly by restricting sales through Dell (the largest PC maker at the time) which crippled them when they ramped up production. The lost revenue during that period (they produced tens of thousands of chips they couldn't even sell around the time the Core 2 Duo launched in 2005-2006) was destructive to AMD's long term R&D and they have never rebounded with architecture or process competitiveness." Don't forget how AMD's processors weren't using SSE2 at all with programs compiled with the Intel compiler because of the "Genuine Intel" trick. I think that led to 3DMark being drastically distorting for AMD in addition to other problems. Reply Samus - Wednesday, January 18, 2017 - link But in reality, at least those in the know (who read sites like Anandtech or magazines like CPU) knew in day-to-day tasks AMD delivered an overall better performance through the entire Netburst-generation of Intel products, and was entirely competitive with Intel up until the Nehalem microarchitecture in performance. SSE2 hurt benchmarks and some professional applications but most programs and games optimized for "Genuine" Intel didn't show substantial gains because the floating point performance of the Athlon was very competitive with the Core microarchitecture, which depended on large caches to best AMD, something sadly AMD couldn't implement, being so far behind on manufacturing technology from the revenue they gambled on having through the early 00's. I shouldn't have brought it up, talking about what Intel did to AMD is depressing. But that's why I don't have pity for Qualcomm, as they have essentially been doing the same shit to their competitors, and even potential competitors they are strongarming out of the industry. This anti-competitive behavior destroys innovation. Reply webdoctors - Tuesday, January 17, 2017 - link Should be interesting to see what evidence the FTC publishes. These are pretty specific accusations, they must have obtained contracts signed by the relevant parties and some damning emails to reach this point. Reply Shadowmaster625 - Tuesday, January 17, 2017 - link Yet another company is punished for being too damn good. Reply 1 2 3 4 ▶ PIPELINE STORIES + Submit News Razer Updates The BlackWidow Chroma Keyboard: New Ergonomics And Switch Choices Xiaomi Announces the Redmi Note 4 in India Kaby Lake E3-1200 v6 Xeon Specifications Leaked SanDisk Launches A1-Class microSDXC Card Edge Memory Announces Video Speed Class SD Cards` Samsung Reveals Root Cause of Galaxy Note7 Battery Fires Xiaomi International VP Hugo Barra to Leave the Company, Return to Silicon Valley Fujitsu Announces 13.3" Lifebook U937/P and UH75/B1: 7th Gen Core i5, 8hr Battery, Under 1.77 lbs Toshiba Is Studying The Possibility of Spinning Off NAND Flash Production Logitech Launches G203 Prodigy Gaming Mouse with A New 6000 DPI Sensor Seagate Launches 1 TB and 2 TB Enterprise Capacity 3.5-inch HDDs ASRock Shows DeskMini GTX/RX, using Micro-STX Motherboard with MXM Support TWEETS IanCutress: @duak Thanks! IanCutress: @TechDeslok I've been running dual 256GB OCZ Vertex 3s in RAID for 3 years. Crank up some VMs and it quickly eats it IanCutress: @cataclysmza usually it's not an issue for small amounts of slow DRAM. With 16GB sticks, I wasn't going to risk IanCutress: RT @ISChpc: Just 3 weeks before all #ISC17 call submissions end. Workshops still open to 2 full day & 9 half-day proposals. https://t.co/0h… IanCutress: @nouhad CUDA's not just for graphics. My background is in scientific compute using CUDA. RyanSmithAT: @ManuelGuzman @dbcooper0 Sherlock. You can really tell it's off because Martin Freeman is in so many other things RyanSmithAT: @dbcooper0 Can that remove the echo already present? The damage is already done by the BBC, unfortunately RyanSmithAT: @dkreide Hmm, I've admittedly not heard this complaint before. Given that it's already Header 2 sized, what else would you like to see? ganeshts: .@AjitPaiFCC How abt. rules barring data caps on wired broadband plans? ISPs treating all traffic same irrespective of source/destination? RyanSmithAT: @scottwasson Looks like a Connectix QuickCam, maybe one of the later Pro releases? RyanSmithAT: @scottwasson Dang, a Chrome. That may as well be a unicorn for as rare as it is in North America ganeshts: @shanselman I run Disk Cleanup every month in admin mode (mainly to get rid of Windows Update cache which usu. occupies most space). ganeshts: @monkeybrainsnet Don't waste ad dollars on promoting to non-SF Bay Area folks unless you plan to expand (would be nice if you do that) ganeshts: @BitsAndChipsEng @Dresdenboy BRCM was definitely not an amateur. The Chinese Phytium Mars, on the other hand... ganeshts: @BitsAndChipsEng @Dresdenboy One less ARM v8 server vendor - does not look like a positive for the ARM server ecosystem Follow @ANANDTECH   LINKS Home About Forums RSS Pipeline News Bench Galleries Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Contact Us TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS The Most Trusted in Tech Since 1997 About Advertising Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. TOPICS FOLLOW ABOUT CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides Facebook Twitter RSS About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. BENCH CPU SSD GPU 2013 GPU 2012 Smartphone 2011 Mobile TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS ABOUT About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. Log in Don't have an account? Sign up now Username Password Remember Me Lost your password? We’ve updated our terms. By continuing to use the site and/or by logging into your account, you agree to the Site’s updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Tuesday, January 24, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News The 45th President Trump Revives Keystone Oil Pipeline That Obama Blocked By PETER BAKER and CORAL DAVENPORT 2:05 PM ET President Trump continued dismantling his predecessor’s policies by clearing the way for a project that stirred years of debate over the balance between energy production and preventing climate change. Barack Obama rejected the proposed 1,179-mile pipeline in 2015, arguing that it would undercut American leadership in curbing the reliance on carbon energy. A Harsh Critic of the F.B.I., Trump Asks Its Director to Stay By MICHAEL S. SCHMIDT and ADAM GOLDMAN President Trump has decided to retain James B. Comey as head of the agency, Mr. Comey told his top agents, sparing the president another potentially bruising confirmation battle. Debt Is Projected to Increase by Nearly $10 Trillion by 2027 By ALAN RAPPEPORT 1:43 PM ET Congressional Budget Office projections reveal the strain that the debt will have on the economy as President Trump embarks on plans to slash taxes and ramp up spending. Trump’s 2 Supreme Court Choices Are a Study in Contrasts By ADAM LIPTAK 2:19 PM ET The leading contenders, Judge William Pryor Jr. and Judge Neil Gorsuch, are both conservatives but a study in contrasts. First 100 Days: An Oral History From White House Aides By JEREMY W. PETERS Senior officials from the administrations of Bill Clinton, George W. Bush and Barack Obama talked about their setbacks and triumphs in the White House. News Analysis Uncertainty and Risk as Trump Throws Out China Playbook By JANE PERLEZ and CHRIS BUCKLEY 3:31 PM ET As he tosses aside decades of American trade policy, President Trump could also go his own way on other issues with China, including Taiwan and the South China Sea. MORE IN POLITICS Keep or Replace Obamacare? It Might Be Up to the States. Hearings Briefing: More Ethics Questions for Health Nominee 3:47 PM ET Trump Aide Repeats Claim About Millions of Illegal Votes 4:51 PM ET The Daily 360 1:02 A Deadly Tornado’s Destruction William Widmer for The New York Times. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » Storm That Roared Through South Sweeps Into Northeast 12:06 PM ET Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. Sarah Mullett and John Grant were the first couple to be featured in a New York Times wedding announcement, in the newspaper’s very first issue on September 18, 1851. Credit Christopher Capozziello for The New York Times 165 Years of Love (and War) in Times Wedding Announcements The New York Times published its first wedding announcement in the very first issue of the newspaper, on September 18, 1851. This four-week series will take a look at how our wedding reporting has evolved. Your Morning Briefing By CHARLES McDERMID 4:25 PM ET Here’s what you need to know to start your day. California Today: What, Exactly, Is in Your Sushi? By MIKE McPHATE Plus, a state of emergency over flooding. Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times Smarter Living Soups to Make When You’re Sick NYT Cooking Sick Day Soups is a group of recipes collected by the editors of NYT Cooking Yes, There Is a ‘Right’ Way to Fall By KATE MURPHY Paratroopers and stuntmen share their advice: Be like a toddler.  Comments ‘La La Land’ and Diversity in Oscar Nods By BROOKS BARNES Voters gave “La La Land” 14 nominations, a tie for the most in Academy Award history. The academy also moved past two #OscarsSoWhite years by honoring six black actors — a record. 2017 Oscar Ballot: Make Your Picks | Surprises and SnubsNYT Now Nominees React | Where to Stream the Nominated MoviesNYT Now Desperate Conditions in a Serbian Migrant Camp By MEGAN SPECIA Migrants are stuck in freezing conditions behind the central train station in Belgrade, Serbia. From the Magazine What Went Wrong With the European Left? Ask France By JAMES ANGELOS As a presidential election approaches this spring, even workers in the country’s rust belt are embracing right-wing populism.  Comments Israel Approves Large West Bank Settlement Expansion By ISABEL KERSHNER 11:06 AM ET The move, after weeks of international criticism, signals that just days into the Trump administration, Israel feels more free to shake off restrictions. A Report Raises Concerns About New Hepatitis C Drugs By DENISE GRADY 3:57 PM ET Drugs approved in recent years that can cure hepatitis C may have severe side effects, including liver failure, a new report suggests. Manhattan Jail Built ‘to Drive People Mad’ Has El Chapo By JOSEPH GOLDSTEIN The Metropolitan Correctional Center, which is holding the Mexican drug lord Joaquín Guzmán Loera, has been called tougher than Guantánamo by one inmate who experienced both. When Campus Rapists Are Repeat Offenders By STEPHANIE SAUL Some students commit sexual assault more than once, research says. Many question whether colleges are doing enough to prevent these recurring crimes. A District Divided Harlem Schools Are Left to Fail as Those Nearby Thrive By KATE TAYLOR Community School District 3, on Manhattan’s West Side, is home to some of the best public elementary schools, but the district is divided by race, income and academic achievement.  Comments More News Three Powers Agree to Enforce Syria Cease-Fire An Added Hurdle to ‘Brexit’: Approval by Parliament 3:48 PM ET In Its Third Month, Modi’s Cash Ban Begins to Bite India Afghan Vice President’s Guards Sought in Torture Case A Plane of Riches Trails Gambia’s Departing Leader California Today The news and stories that matter to Californians (and anyone else interested in the state). Sign up to get it by email. A Pioneering Woman of Science Re-Emerges Maria Sibylla Merian captivated Europeans with her studies of insects. Now, 300 years later, her findings are being celebrated again. Children’s Book Awards Highlight Race The American Library Association’s annual prizes include a record four awards for Rep. John Lewis. Glimpses of a Gilded Past at Fowler & Wells Tom Colicchio’s new restaurant in a restored 1883 hotel aims for the opulence of a bygone era, but it sometimes loses focus. The Opinion Pages The Press Should Skip the White House Briefings By JOHN A. FARRELL 3:13 PM ET Washington under a Trump presidency will be a sieve of information. Journalists should focus on the leaks. Editorial: Trump’s Big-Money Establishment Bruni: The Wrong Way to Take on Trump 1:31 PM ET President Trump Is in the Building The Shocking Affront of Trump’s C.I.A. Stunt By YAEL EISENSTAT 3:13 PM ET My friend Gregg Wenzel did not make the ultimate sacrifice so this president could have a self-aggrandizing photo op. Brooks: After the March Cohen: The Banal Belligerence of Trump Leonhardt: Our Anti-Parent Workplace User Subscriptions A Trial and a Twitterstorm: On Live-Tweeting From a Federal Courthouse Women Who Voted for Donald Trump: How I Reported on Their Thoughts Times Insider » A Trial and a Twitterstorm: On Live-Tweeting From a Federal Courthouse The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Your Reading List Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Here are some suggestions to get started. Go to your reading list Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Access on any device. Learn More | Send Feedback Watching The Neediest Cases A Door to a Home Brimming With Love, and Open to All Sandra Parker, inspired by her own upbringing, has welcomed the task of raising several of her grandchildren, stepping up when her children could not. In its 105th year, The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund has provided direct assistance to those struggling in New York and beyond. Donate now » From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Magazine How Alexa Fits Into Amazon’s Prime Directive Opinion The C.D.C.’s Troubling New Power Science Gene-Modified Ants Hint at Societal Evolution Multimedia/Photos Building Bridges Between Turkey and Armenia Opinion At Quang Nam, a Raid and a Reckoning Pro Football Can We Get a Close Super Bowl? Please? Book Review ‘Patriots’ Charts a Family’s Reverse Journey Opinion Why BuzzFeed News Published the Dossier N.Y. / Region Photographing the Bike Life T Magazine Top 10 Moments From the Men’s Fashion Shows Opinion Letters: A Day of Protest Readers discuss the Women’s March and the president’s reaction. Books Walk Softly, and Don’t Leave the Shampoo Out Sections World » Harold Hayes, Survivor of Secret World War II Odyssey, Dies at 94 Emboldened by Trump, Israel Approves Defiant Wave of West Bank Settlement Expansion Preparing to Meet Trump, Mexican Leader Seeks Common Ground Business Day » News Analysis: Trump Injects High Risk Into Relations With China Square Feet: The Super Bowl Returns to a Transformed Houston Nasdaq Approaches New High as Stocks Gain in Afternoon Trade Opinion » Op-Ed Contributor: Ditching T.P.P. Won’t Solve the Trade Deficit Editorial: President Trump’s Big-Money Establishment David Brooks: After the Women’s March U.S. » Barely Two R’s Are Taught at School That Led Tribe to Sue U.S. Supreme Court Won’t Hear Appeal From Texas on Voter ID Case Call to Create Jobs, or Else, Tests Trump’s Sway Technology » The New Health Care: Blame Technology, Not Longer Life Spans, for Health Spending Increases Alibaba’s Profile Is Global, but Its Fate Is Tied to China Snapchat Discover Takes a Hard Line on Misleading and Explicit Images Arts » Oscar Nominations 2017: 14 for ‘La La Land,’ and 6 for Black Actors 2017 Oscar Ballot Oscar 2017 Nominees React Politics » Trump’s Supreme Court Choices Come Into Focus Trump Revives Keystone Pipeline Rejected by Obama Federal Debt Projected to Grow by Nearly $10 Trillion Over Next Decade Fashion & Style » COMMITTED Styles Q. and A.: Tiffany Trump Looked West for Her Inauguration Dress Boîte: Ladyfag Hosts a New Party in Brooklyn Movies » Oscar Nominations 2017: 14 for ‘La La Land,’ and 6 for Black Actors Oscar Snubs and Surprises 2017 Oscar Ballot New York » A District Divided: Harlem Schools Are Left to Fail as Those Not Far Away Thrive Manhattan Jail That Holds El Chapo Is Called Tougher Than Guantánamo Bay New York City to Pay Up to $75 Million Over Dismissed Summonses Sports » What’s Wrong With the Golden State Warriors? Warped Expectations Roger Federer Will Face Stan Wawrinka in Australian Open Semifinal On Tennis: CoCo Vandeweghe Tames Her Emotions and Elevates Her Game Theater » Review: ‘Tell Hector I Miss Him’ Sketches Love and Addiction in Puerto Rico Poster Perfect: The Art of James McMullan Oscar Nomination Puts Lin-Manuel Miranda One Step Closer to an EGOT Science » Basics: Gene-Modified Ants Shed Light on How Societies Are Organized Trilobites: A Pioneering Woman of Science Re‑Emerges After 300 Years Trilobites: Ancient Bits of Rock Help Solve an Asteroid Mystery Obituaries » Harold Hayes, Survivor of Secret World War II Odyssey, Dies at 94 Charlie Liteky, 85, Dies; Returned Medal of Honor in Protest Michael H. Goldberg, 73, Lawyer Who Bridged A.B.A. and N.B.A., Dies Television » Critic's Notebook: For Trump, Everything Is a Rating Now That Trump Is President, How Will TV Respond? ‘The New Edition Story’ Is a Loving Tribute to a Talented but Tormented Group Health » Are New Drugs for Hepatitis C Safe? A Report Raises Concerns 7 Young People on Their Views of Gender The Right Way to Fall Travel » Pursuits: In Michigan, a Fight Over the Future of a Fabled Trout River The Getaway: Head Trip: Meditation Apps for Travelers Shanghai Dwellings Vanish, and With Them, a Way of Life Books » Books of The Times: He Doesn’t Like It When You Leave Your Shampoo Out ‘The Evenings,’ a Dutch Classic, Arrives in English. It Only Took 70 Years. Fiction: Monica Ali on Rachel Cusk’s Risky, Revolutionary New Novel Education » In Navient Lawsuits, Unsettling Echoes of Past Lending Crisis Nominee Betsy DeVos’s Knowledge of Education Basics Is Open to Criticism Lois Dickson Rice, Trailblazing Executive Behind Pell Grants, Dies at 83 Food » Restaurant Review: Glimpses of a Gilded Past at Fowler & Wells Charred, Browned, Blackened: The Dark Lure of Burned Food A Second Act for Pujol, Mexico’s World-Class Restaurant Sunday Review » Frank Bruni: The President Who Buried Humility Editorial: The Republican Health Care Con Ross Douthat: The Tempting of the Media Real Estate » What's Selling Now: Homes That Sold for Around $750,000 The History Hidden in the Walls Calculator: The Beginning of a Buyer’s Market in Manhattan? The Upshot » The 2016 Race: Trump’s Claim of Millions of Illegal Votes? There’s Simply No Evidence The New Health Care: Blame Technology, Not Longer Life Spans, for Health Spending Increases Demographic Shift: Peak Millennial? Cities Can’t Assume a Continued Boost From the Young Magazine » Feature: Will France Sound the Death Knell for Social Democracy? First Words: Calling Yourself ‘Humbled’ Doesn’t Sound as Humble as It Used To Notebook: Who Didn’t Go to the Women’s March Matters More Than Who Did Automobiles » Trump, in Meeting, Urges Automakers to Build in United States Driven: The BMW X4 M40i Is Fast, if Not Practical Wheels: A Whiff of a New-Car Smell, Just a Page Flip Away T Magazine » 48 Hours With Dior’s Maria Grazia Chiuri The Enduring Allure of Isabelle Huppert The Auteurs Changing Cinema Times Insider » Save the Date: Feb. 7: Will Shortz: Meet the Puzzle Master! A Trial and a Twitterstorm: On Live-Tweeting From a Federal Courthouse What We’re Reading Real Estate » Renters Found: Roommate With a Completely Different Schedule By KIM VELSEY A New York City teaching fellow rented out her bedroom and moved into the living room to help make the rent. Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Sell Your Home Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska SilverCloud Health Raises $8.1 Million to Accelerate Delivery of Evidence-based Digital Mental Health and Behavioral Healthcare Solutions News provided by SilverCloud Health Jan 18, 2017, 00:01 ET Share this article BOSTON and DUBLIN, January 18, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Digital Health company SilverCloud Health, the leading provider of evidence-based online mental health and behavioral healthcare solutions, announced that it has raised $8.1 million in Series A funding. Venture capital firm B Capital Group - founded by Raj Ganguly and Facebook co-founder Eduardo Saverin - led the investment round with significant participation from ACT Venture Capital and returning investors, Investec Ventures and AIB Seed Capital Fund managed by DBIC, NDRC and Enterprise Ireland. SilverCloud Health is a multi-award winning global health tech company; since launching in 2012 it has gone on to support over 80,000 patients across its global customer base, delivering clinical results that are on par with face-to-face therapy. SilverCloud Health chief executive and co-founder Ken Cahill said the company is defining a new healthcare model to meet the demand of the rapidly growing behavioral healthcare market, which in the US alone is estimated to be worth $440 billion. "This new investment enables us to drive forward with our commitment to evolve our health platform and address the ever-increasing global need in behavioral healthcare. We believe that technology is the enabler to address the biggest healthcare challenge of this century, maximizing clinical delivery while enhancing patient access and choice, through the ability to engage with therapy at a time that fits into diverse lifestyles and through devices that are a part of our everyday lives." "We chose B Capital to lead our Series A because of their healthcare knowledge and relationships, and due to their partnership with The Boston Consulting Group, which has opened doors for us to new commercial partners in the US," he added.     "SilverCloud Health's mission is to make people healthier by providing effective, accessible and affordable behavioral healthcare opportunities, filling a massive void in the market today. B Capital Group is excited to back Ken and the team at SilverCloud Health, as they continue to change the way behavioral healthcare is delivered," said Eduardo Saverin, Co-founder and Partner, B Capital Group. "Our investment in SilverCloud Health is driven by our confidence in its team, its proven track record working with global health organizations and its esteemed partner network. This new capital will enable SilverCloud Health to continue to innovate, expand and broadly deploy its programs to the millions of individuals who need them." This funding round comes as SilverCloud Health is growing rapidly with an expanding research pipeline that continues to show the clinical effectiveness of the company's behavioral health platform. The SilverCloud Health platform is currently used by over 120 healthcare organizations across North America and Europe. Within the UK National Health Service (NHS), the company has seen an exponential growth of clients-from supporting 1 percent of NHS mental health services two years ago to over 45 percent today. The new capital will be used to meet growing demand in North America and Europe, build out its commercial, development and clinical teams and drive its strong clinical research and publishing agenda. With proven results in major health systems globally this investment will allow expansion into new areas such as integration with personal health and activity monitoring devices to give a more integrated personalized context across physical and behavioral healthcare. Gavin Teo, Partner at B Capital Group said, "SilverCloud Health is redefining access to quality, outcomes-based care for hard-to-treat and high cost behavioral health populations. Their digital health platform is enabling new ways for provider systems and pharma companies to personalize therapeutic delivery to the individual patient, which is a building block for clinically validated, value driven care. B Capital is thrilled to be the lead investor in SilverCloud Health at such an exciting time in their growth." "We've seen SilverCloud's impact on patients and clinicians. Patients have seen it transform their daily lives, with a therapy they can control, and clinicians have been able to rapidly integrate it into clinical pathways," says John O'Sullivan, General Partner at ACT Venture Capital. "The efficacy data is compelling and is evident across a very large and diverse range of cases. We are delighted to be working with the SilverCloud team to positively impact and change many more lives and transform the economics of healthcare delivery." Today SilverCloud Health offers 22 evidence-based programs addressing conditions such as depression, anxiety and stress as well as for long-term chronic conditions (diabetes, COPD, and cardiovascular disease). SilverCloud Health has spun out from the NDRC in 2012, with the backing of Investec Ventures and Dublin BIC and has been built on over a decade of academic and clinical research. Clinically led full randomized control trials (RCT) have demonstrated that SilverCloud Health's programs are extremely effective, engaging with patients and provide positive clinical outcomes that are on par with face-to-face therapy. In 2016 SilverCloud Health was highlighted in Accenture's Digital Health Tech Vision 2016 report. The report listed 5 key innovative companies taking charge of healthcare delivery including Apple, Uber, United Healthcare, Philips and SilverCloud Health. In November 2016, SilverCloud Health was listed in the Top 100 Global Disruptive Companies in Healthcare, a report compiled by The Journal of mHealth which provides insight into the key sector trends that are emerging from across the healthcare continuum when it comes to the adoption of technology-led products and services. About B Capital   B Capital Group is a venture capital firm specializing in growth-stage investments with pioneering companies that are ready to scale across the global stage. B Capital Group was co-founded in 2015 by Eduardo Saverin (Facebook founder) and Raj Ganguly with offices in San Francisco, Los Angeles and Singapore. Partnering with The Boston Consulting Group, and its incubation arm BCG Digital Ventures, B Capital delivers unparalleled access to top corporations to match cutting-edge start-ups with the world's most powerful CEOs, platforms, and brands. Current companies include Evidation Health and Ninja Van. About ACT Venture Capital   ACT Venture Capital is a specialist, multi-stage, technology investor. ACT is Ireland's leading independent venture capital company with over $500m under management and a team with extensive experience working with entrepreneurs to build scale. About SilverCloud Health   SilverCloud is a leading provider of outcomes-focused online behavioral health and wellbeing solutions. Health systems and healthcare organizations use SilverCloud Health to provide care populations with immediate access to clinically proven, evidenced-based content, programs and support within the area of mental health (depression, anxiety, stress) and long term/chronic illness care (diabetes, COPD, CVD). SilverCloud Health offers a complete clinical platform that flexes around a provider's specific care delivery needs and protocols delivering mental wellness up to full clinical intervention level including self-help, supported online, preventive care, treatment, adjunct to face-to-face through to relapse care. SilverCloud Health is a spin-out company from the Technology Enhanced Therapy (TET) project, a four-year joint translational research project (2008 - 2012) backed by NDRC investment and undertaken by NDRC, Trinity College Dublin's School of Computer Science & Statistics and Parents Plus, Mater University Hospital. Prior to this, the project also benefited from over a decade of direct collaborative academic research between Trinity College Dublin and Mater University Hospital into online behavioral health delivery. SOURCE SilverCloud Health Mar 11, 2015, 07:00 ET Preview: Ministry of Defence and SilverCloud Health Launch Pilot Online Wellbeing Resource and Support Centre My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: SilverCloud Health Raises $8.1 Million to Accelerate Delivery of Evidence-based Digital Mental Health and Behavioral Healthcare Solutions News provided by SilverCloud Health Jan 18, 2017, 00:01 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Latest News Dow 19,913 +112.86 +0.57% Nasdaq 5,601 +48.01 +0.86% S&P 500 2,280 +14.87 +0.66% 5:00 P.M. ET How a Republican border tax proposal could boost U.S. oil production and prices 4:57 P.M. ET Updated The stock market’s ‘fear index’ may have nowhere to go but up 4:53 P.M. ET Discover Financial's profit rises on loan growth 4:52 P.M. ET Intuitive Surgical profit rises 7% 4:50 P.M. ET Texas Instruments shares wobble after hours following earnings beat 4:45 P.M. ET API data show weekly rise of 2.9 million barrels in U.S. crude supplies: sources 4:42 P.M. ET Cree shares up nearly 5% on company's earnings, sales beat 4:41 P.M. ET Updated President of Gap unit Banana Republic to leave the company 4:41 P.M. ET Updated Bob Evans Farms to sell restaurants and buy potatoes, stock soars 4:37 P.M. ET Seagate rallies on robust second-quarter earnings 4:36 P.M. ET Updated Dollar finds footing after skid on Trump policy worries 4:32 P.M. ET Texas Instruments Q4 revenue $3.41 bln vs $3.19 bln 4:32 P.M. ET Updated S&P 500, Nasdaq notch new records as Dow moves closer to 20,000 4:32 P.M. ET Breaking Texas Instruments Q4 EPS $1.02 vs 80c year ago 4:29 P.M. ET Alcoa Corp. shares gain after company's sales come in slightly above expectations 4:25 P.M. ET How Republicans and Democrats feel about their money and how to file taxes for free 4:18 P.M. ET Treasury yields notch largest daily gain in 6 weeks 4:13 P.M. ET Updated ‘Godfather’ of chart analysis says Trump rally has another 5% pop left 4:13 P.M. ET What to expect when PayPal reports earnings 4:12 P.M. ET Updated Alcoa Corp. Q4 adj. EPS 14 cents vs. expectation 20 cents Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In New York Markets After Hours Market Snapshot Winners and Losers Home Press Release SilverCloud Health Raises $8.1 Million to Accelerate Delivery of Evidence-based Digital Mental Health and Behavioral Healthcare Solutions By Published: Jan 18, 2017 12:01 a.m. ET Share BOSTON and DUBLIN, January 18, 2017 /PRNewswire via COMTEX/ -- BOSTON and DUBLIN, January 18, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Digital Health company SilverCloud Health, the leading provider of evidence-based online mental health and behavioral healthcare solutions, announced that it has raised $8.1 million in Series A funding. Venture capital firm B Capital Group - founded by Raj Ganguly and Facebook co-founder Eduardo Saverin - led the investment round with significant participation from ACT Venture Capital and returning investors, Investec Ventures and AIB Seed Capital Fund managed by DBIC, NDRC and Enterprise Ireland. SilverCloud Health is a multi-award winning global health tech company; since launching in 2012 it has gone on to support over 80,000 patients across its global customer base, delivering clinical results that are on par with face-to-face therapy. SilverCloud Health chief executive and co-founder Ken Cahill said the company is defining a new healthcare model to meet the demand of the rapidly growing behavioral healthcare market, which in the US alone is estimated to be worth $440 billion. "This new investment enables us to drive forward with our commitment to evolve our health platform and address the ever-increasing global need in behavioral healthcare. We believe that technology is the enabler to address the biggest healthcare challenge of this century, maximizing clinical delivery while enhancing patient access and choice, through the ability to engage with therapy at a time that fits into diverse lifestyles and through devices that are a part of our everyday lives." "We chose B Capital to lead our Series A because of their healthcare knowledge and relationships, and due to their partnership with The Boston Consulting Group, which has opened doors for us to new commercial partners in the US," he added.     "SilverCloud Health's mission is to make people healthier by providing effective, accessible and affordable behavioral healthcare opportunities, filling a massive void in the market today. B Capital Group is excited to back Ken and the team at SilverCloud Health, as they continue to change the way behavioral healthcare is delivered," said Eduardo Saverin, Co-founder and Partner, B Capital Group. "Our investment in SilverCloud Health is driven by our confidence in its team, its proven track record working with global health organizations and its esteemed partner network. This new capital will enable SilverCloud Health to continue to innovate, expand and broadly deploy its programs to the millions of individuals who need them." This funding round comes as SilverCloud Health is growing rapidly with an expanding research pipeline that continues to show the clinical effectiveness of the company's behavioral health platform. The SilverCloud Health platform is currently used by over 120 healthcare organizations across North America and Europe. Within the UK National Health Service (NHS), the company has seen an exponential growth of clients-from supporting 1 percent of NHS mental health services two years ago to over 45 percent today. The new capital will be used to meet growing demand in North America and Europe, build out its commercial, development and clinical teams and drive its strong clinical research and publishing agenda. With proven results in major health systems globally this investment will allow expansion into new areas such as integration with personal health and activity monitoring devices to give a more integrated personalized context across physical and behavioral healthcare. Gavin Teo, Partner at B Capital Group said, "SilverCloud Health is redefining access to quality, outcomes-based care for hard-to-treat and high cost behavioral health populations. Their digital health platform is enabling new ways for provider systems and pharma companies to personalize therapeutic delivery to the individual patient, which is a building block for clinically validated, value driven care. B Capital is thrilled to be the lead investor in SilverCloud Health at such an exciting time in their growth." "We've seen SilverCloud's impact on patients and clinicians. Patients have seen it transform their daily lives, with a therapy they can control, and clinicians have been able to rapidly integrate it into clinical pathways," says John O'Sullivan, General Partner at ACT Venture Capital. "The efficacy data is compelling and is evident across a very large and diverse range of cases. We are delighted to be working with the SilverCloud team to positively impact and change many more lives and transform the economics of healthcare delivery." Today SilverCloud Health offers 22 evidence-based programs addressing conditions such as depression, anxiety and stress as well as for long-term chronic conditions (diabetes, COPD, and cardiovascular disease). SilverCloud Health has spun out from the NDRC in 2012, with the backing of Investec Ventures and Dublin BIC and has been built on over a decade of academic and clinical research. Clinically led full randomized control trials (RCT) have demonstrated that SilverCloud Health's programs are extremely effective, engaging with patients and provide positive clinical outcomes that are on par with face-to-face therapy. In 2016 SilverCloud Health was highlighted in Accenture's Digital Health Tech Vision 2016 report. The report listed 5 key innovative companies taking charge of healthcare delivery including Apple, Uber, United Healthcare, Philips and SilverCloud Health. In November 2016, SilverCloud Health was listed in the Top 100 Global Disruptive Companies in Healthcare, a report compiled by The Journal of mHealth which provides insight into the key sector trends that are emerging from across the healthcare continuum when it comes to the adoption of technology-led products and services. About B Capital   B Capital Group is a venture capital firm specializing in growth-stage investments with pioneering companies that are ready to scale across the global stage. B Capital Group was co-founded in 2015 by Eduardo Saverin (Facebook founder) and Raj Ganguly with offices in San Francisco, Los Angeles and Singapore. Partnering with The Boston Consulting Group, and its incubation arm BCG Digital Ventures, B Capital delivers unparalleled access to top corporations to match cutting-edge start-ups with the world's most powerful CEOs, platforms, and brands. Current companies include Evidation Health and Ninja Van. About ACT Venture Capital   ACT Venture Capital is a specialist, multi-stage, technology investor. ACT is Ireland's leading independent venture capital company with over $500m under management and a team with extensive experience working with entrepreneurs to build scale. About SilverCloud Health   SilverCloud is a leading provider of outcomes-focused online behavioral health and wellbeing solutions. Health systems and healthcare organizations use SilverCloud Health to provide care populations with immediate access to clinically proven, evidenced-based content, programs and support within the area of mental health (depression, anxiety, stress) and long term/chronic illness care (diabetes, COPD, CVD). SilverCloud Health offers a complete clinical platform that flexes around a provider's specific care delivery needs and protocols delivering mental wellness up to full clinical intervention level including self-help, supported online, preventive care, treatment, adjunct to face-to-face through to relapse care. SilverCloud Health is a spin-out company from the Technology Enhanced Therapy (TET) project, a four-year joint translational research project (2008 - 2012) backed by NDRC investment and undertaken by NDRC, Trinity College Dublin's School of Computer Science & Statistics and Parents Plus, Mater University Hospital. Prior to this, the project also benefited from over a decade of direct collaborative academic research between Trinity College Dublin and Mater University Hospital into online behavioral health delivery. SOURCE SilverCloud Health Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular How a Republican border tax proposal could boost U.S. oil production and prices Amazon becomes first streaming company to get Oscar best picture nod The stock market’s ‘fear index’ may have nowhere to go but up Budget nominee says increasing Social Security retirement age should be considered This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Smart home tips & tricks for a better you in 2017 View More SectorWatch How credit scores predict what you will buy next View More Real Estate The U.S. cities that are gentrifying the fastest—you’ll never guess No. 1 View More Sponsored Content Barron's: 3 ways to help improve retirement outcomes View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Learn more msn back to msn home news Web search Sign in Change language and content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Feedback Headlines UK News World Report President Trump Weird News Video Photos My Topics Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel News Sections UK News World Report EU Referendum US News Weird News Photos Videos AdChoices Rumors point to bigger screen and AI assistant for upcoming Samsung Galaxy S8 Relaxnews (AFP) 6 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Iceland gripped by rare murder case as woman's body is found Schoolboy stabbed to death outside flagship London academy © Provided by AFPRelaxNews Samsung chose not to unveil its Galaxy S8 smartphone at this year's CES tech show. From a borderless display and latest-gen components to a new AI assistant, Samsung's upcoming flagship smartphone is stirring up all kinds of rumors. The most recent rumor suggests that the phone will start shipping on April 15, according to ETNews. Meanwhile a promotional video for AMOLED screens posted online by Samsung Display features a never-before-seen smartphone with a borderless display that covers the device's front face almost entirely. This could be some kind of prototype for the upcoming Galaxy S8. After all, Samsung could be keen to release a device similar in style to the Xiaomi Mi Mix, designed by Philippe Starck, which has a 6.4-inch virtually borderless display covering more than 90% of the phone's front surface. A borderless design could make for an increase in screen size. In fact, Samsung could load its Galaxy S8 with a curved 6-inch screen while maintaining the form factor of the current Galaxy S7 edge. A borderless display could also mean ditching the home and navigation buttons previously located just under the screen. A leak of what are purported to be renders of the handset suggest that it would come in two sizes, with one a Galaxy S8 Plus, notes GSMArena. Speaking of screens, the Galaxy S8 is expected to be the firm's first model to come with technology comparable to Apple's Force Touch or Huawei's Press Touch, varying touchscreen functionality in relation to how hard users press the display. Another major new feature expected in the Galaxy S8 is an artificial-intelligence-powered assistant called Bixby, based on the technology behind the Viv virtual assistant, which can respond to questions formulated in natural language. It could shape up to be a tough competitor for Google Assistant, Alexa (Amazon) and Cortana (Microsoft). As for components, the Samsung Galaxy S8 is likely to come loaded with cutting-edge tech, including a latest-gen processor like the Snapdragon 835 (principally for the USA) or the Exynos 8895 (for the rest of the world), matched with 6 GB of RAM. As yet, it's not clear whether the phone will get iris scanning technology, a dual camera, or whether Samsung could ditch the mini-jack in favor of a USB Type-C port. While Samsung often launches phones in the lead up to the Mobile World Congress, held in Barcelona, Spain and this year running February 27 to March 2, the latest leaks suggest it may in fact be unveiled later at a standalone event in April. It's likely to go on sale shortly afterward and will no doubt play a key role in boosting the South Korean tech firm's image in the smartphone market after last year's exploding Note 7 fiasco. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN News Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behaviour that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Anti-Spam Did you find the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues with searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps My Topics feedback Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Tue, Jan 24, 2017 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Funds Tracker Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Davos Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Why Trump is making some business leaders nervous Those who spoke out against the US president-elect must wait to see what he may do Wed, Jan 18, 2017, 05:00 Ciarán Hancock Donald Trump: Last July, more than 140 inventors, entrepreneurs, engineers, investors, researchers and business leaders in the technology sector wrote a protest letter against him. Photograph: Dominick Reuter/AFP/Getty Images         With Donald Trump’s inauguration as the 45th president of the United States just two days away, there must be quite a few business leaders who are nervously wondering what retribution might be coming their way following their criticisms of the property magnate before polling day, or the support given to his rival Hillary Clinton. Among them might be Tony Smurfit, the head of Irish listed packaging group Smurfit Kappa and son of Michael Smurfit. On November 2nd, just days before the presidential poll, my colleague Joe Brennan reported on how Smurfit had signalled that the group’s appetite for deals in the US would wane in the event of Trump winning the election. “I think it’s just still unbelievable we could be contemplating a Donald Trump victory,” he told The Irish Times after the company posted its third-quarter results. “I think the world will take a more cautious approach [on US investments].” While he said that “America still remains a major opportunity” for Smurfit Kappa, the prospect of doing deals – with Trump in charge of the White House – would be affected, given the candidate’s protectionist stance on international trade. “Assuming Hillary [Clinton] wins, it won’t change anything,” he said, referring to the company’s interest in US acquisitions. Global targets To be fair, many Irish business leaders would have shared Smurfit’s thoughts and concerns, though perhaps not so publicly. Luckily for Smurfit, he is probably well down the list of global business leaders that Trump might want to target. Tump has had the hump with US department store retailer Macy’s since 2015 after it dumped his branded merchandise in the wake of him calling immigrants from Mexico and other countries rapists and criminals. On January 7th 2016 Trump tweeted: “@Macys was one of the worst performing stocks on the S&P last year, plunging 46 per cent. Very disloyal company. Another win for Trump! Boycott.” ADVERTISEMENT In a tweet the following month, he called for a boycott of Apple’s products for refusing to give information to US authorities regarding Islamic terrorists. PepsiCo, Dell, Dreamworks and Netflix were others placed on a boycott list by Trump supporters. A number of global business leaders were critical of Trump and supported Clinton’s campaign, including Netflix’s chief executive and co-founder Reed Hastings. “Trump would destroy much of what is great about America,” he said. Others to lend their support to Clinton were Eric Schmidt, executive chairman of Alphabet, which is Google’s parent company, Sheryl Sandberg, chief operating officer of Facebook, Airbnb co-founder and chief executive Brian Chesky, and Warren Buffet, whose Berkshire Hathaway company has provided subordinated debt to State-owned Irish health insurer VHI. Last July, more than 140 inventors, entrepreneurs, engineers, investors, researchers and business leaders working in the technology sector wrote a protest letter against Trump. “We believe in an inclusive country that fosters opportunity, creativity and a level playing field. Donald Trump does not,” the letter stated. “He campaigns on anger, bigotry, fear of new ideas and new people, and a fundamental belief that America is weak and in decline. Disaster for innovation “We have listened to Donald Trump over the past year and we have concluded: Trump would be a disaster for innovation. His vision stands against the open exchange of ideas, free movement of people, and productive engagement with the outside world that is critical to our economy – and that provide the foundation for innovation and growth.” Among those who signed the letter were Steve Wozniak, co-founder of Apple, Jeremy Stoppelman, the chief executive of Yelp, Pierre Omidyar, founder of eBay, and Dustin Moskovitz, co-founder of Facebook. In a rant on Twitter in December, Trump warned that any business that left the US, fired employees or built a factory in another country would be hit with a border tax of 35 per cent when they seek to sell their products into the US. “Please be forewarned prior to making a very expensive mistake! The United States is open for business,” he said, ignoring the obvious contradiction. In a tweet on January 5th, Trump had a cut at Japanese car maker Toyota for announcing a new plant in Mexico to build Corollas. “No Way! Build plant in US or pay big border tax.” And on and on it goes. Trump’s clear message to corporate America is that he’s not to be ignored or crossed. Tony Smurfit might want to revise his strategy. Twitter: @CiaranHancock1       Topics: US Election Brian Chesky Donald Trump Dustin Moskovitz Eric Schmidt Hillary Clinton Jeremy Stoppelman Michael Smurfit Pierre Omidyar Reed Hastings Sheryl Sandberg Steve Wozniak Tony Smurfit White House Airbnb Apple Berkshire Hathaway Dell Computer Facebook Google Macy's Netflix PepsiCo Smurfit Kappa Toyota eBay Read More The hidden property timebomb? Long-term mortgage arrears Budget 2017: the measures designed to soften blow of Brexit Opinion: Apple’s Irish ‘sweetheart’ deal unfair to taxpayers Opinion: Let’s look to Munster for the future Theresa May’s Brexit speech: What her EU exit strategy means for Ireland North ‘deeply worried’ about future of cross-Border trade Davos: Kerry defends Obama’s economic record Irish business groups concerned over ‘aggressive’ Brexit stance Oxfam report reveals ‘obscene’ gap between rich and poor Davos: Chinese president defends globalisation at forum Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Agribusiness & Food Aryzta shares slump 32% after latest profit warning Work Rejected at work: Should I stay or should I go? English Soccer Fergie salutes Mourinho for turning United’s season around Economy Posturing and lobbying obscure financial future Sponsored Retiring with financial security to the serenity of the Wicklow hills Opel OnStar puts personal assistance in the driving seat Plan your financial future and enjoy your dream retirement Leading the dance: 'Growing up competing I learned the drive to keep going' ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE GO BACK The account details entered are not currently associated with an Irish Times subscription. Please subscribe to sign in to comment. Comment Sign In I agree to the Terms & Conditions, community standards and Privacy Policy SIGN IN Forgot password? Thank you You should receive instructions for resetting your password. When you have reset your password, you can Sign In. Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Screen Name Selection Hello Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Only letters, numbers, periods and hyphens are allowed in screen names. CONFIRM Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE Forgot Password Please enter your email address so we can send you a link to reset your password. SUBMIT Sign In Your Comments Sign In Sign Out We reserve the right to remove any content at any time from this Community, including without limitation if it violates the Community Standards. We ask that you report content that you in good faith believe violates the above rules by clicking the Flag link next to the offending comment or by filling out this form. New comments are only accepted for 3 days from the date of publication. Latest Business Renewed Franco-German alliance ‘key’ to EU economic future 20:18 Unions say only inclusive talks can resolve Bus Éireann crisis 20:15 EU tax commissioner says EU-wide tax consolidation ‘good for Ireland’ 20:00 Citigroup signals Irish expansion 19:56 Aryzta drags down Iseq as European stocks rise 19:39 ADVERTISEMENT Most Read in Business 1 Property or a pension: where can you get a better return? 2 Today FM looks for love as audience slides 3 40 houses owned by Irish EuroMillions family seized 4 Aryzta shares slump 32% after latest profit warning 5 Ryanair may sign passenger-sharing deal with Aer Lingus 6 Citigroup signals Irish expansion 7 Renewed Franco-German alliance ‘key’ to EU economic future 8 Unions say only inclusive talks can resolve Bus Éireann crisis 9 First-time buyers should pay only 5% deposit up front 10 Ireland ‘Brexit-ready’ for financial services influx, says Enda Kenny Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper eBooks Subscriber Rewards IT Sunday Email Newsletters Breaking news app My Account Newspaper Archive Crossword Club Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Tue 24/1/2017 News Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Brexit Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox My Account Manage your account The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Wednesday, 18 January 2017 | MYT 1:06 PM US antitrust agency sues Qualcomm over patent licensing Antitrust lawsuit: The FTC said that Qualcomm used its dominant position as a supplier of certain phone chips to impose "onerous" supply and licensing terms on cellphone manufacturers and to weaken competitors. — Reuters WASHINGTON: The US Federal Trade Commission filed a lawsuit against Qualcomm Inc on Jan 17, accusing the company of using "anticompetitive" tactics to maintain its monopoly on a key semiconductor used in mobile phones.  The FTC, which works with the Justice Department to enforce antitrust law, said that San Diego-based Qualcomm used its dominant position as a supplier of certain phone chips to impose "onerous" supply and licensing terms on cellphone manufacturers and to weaken competitors.  Qualcomm said in a statement that it would "vigorously contest" the complaint and denied FTC allegations that it threatened to withhold chips in order to collect unreasonable licensing fees.  Qualcomm shares fell 4% to US$64.19 (RM285.36) on Jan 17.  The complaint is likely the agency's last major action under current Democratic Chairwoman Edith Ramirez, who will step down Feb 10, and comes just days before US President-elect Donald Trump takes office on Jan 20.  Trump is expected to name Republican Commissioner Maureen Ohlhausen as acting FTC chairwoman and will fill three vacancies that will reshape the agency.  Ramirez and fellow Democrat Terrell McSweeny voted to approve the complaint but Ohlhausen dissented, saying that the lawsuit was based on a "flawed legal theory ... that lacks economic and evidentiary support."  In its complaint, the FTC said the patents that Qualcomm sought to license are standard essential patents, which means that the industry uses them widely and they are supposed to be licensed on fair, reasonable and non-discriminatory terms.  The FTC complaint also accused Qualcomm of refusing to license some standard essential patents to rival chipmakers, and of entering into an exclusive deal with Apple Inc.  "Qualcomm's customers have accepted elevated royalties and other license terms that do not reflect an assessment of terms that a court or other neutral arbiter would determine to be fair and reasonable," the FTC said in its complaint.  The FTC asked the US District Court for the Northern District of California in San Jose to order Qualcomm to end these practices.  For its part, Qualcomm accused the FTC of a last-minute dash to court.  "This is an extremely disappointing decision to rush to file a complaint on the eve of Chairwoman Ramirez's departure and the transition to a new administration," Don Rosenberg, Qualcomm general counsel, said in a statement. "We look forward to defending our business in federal court, where we are confident we will prevail."  The company has faced a series of antitrust rulings and investigations from regulators across the globe.  South Korea's antitrust regulator fined Qualcomm Inc 1.03tril won (RM3.93bil) in December for what it called unfair practices in patent licensing, a decision the US chipmaker said it will challenge in court.  In February 2015, Qualcomm paid a US$975mil (RM4.33bil) fine in China following a 14-month probe, while the European Union in December 2015 accused it of abusing its market power to thwart rivals. — Reuters Tags / Keywords: Foreign News , Corporate News , Government , Technology You May Be Interested Hugo Barra to leave Xiaomi Bring cheer to the underprivileged this festive season Time to say goodbye TM offers free speed upgrade – do you qualify? Go purple this CNY if you want to get lucky in love Six simple steps to feng shui your home Others Also Read Bomb classes and gun counts: trauma of Mosul children under Islamic State AirAsia X gets FAA clearance to fly to the US Docs face uncertain livelihood advertisement Latest News EU-Canada trade deal clears crucial hurdle Wall Street edges higher as earnings gather pace HSBC to close 117 branches in Britain, cut 380 jobs Azmil becomes Reach Energy executive chairman CAB Cakaran’s subsidiary buys farms and land for RM58.5mil Most Viewed in Tech TM offers free speed upgrade – do you qualify? Pokemon Go unleashed on game-mad South Korea, six months late Samsung reveals the cause of Note 7 incidents China takes 5,500 porn, violent apps offline Singapore 2G switchoff highlights digital divide Toshiba board to approve plans to split off chip business on Friday Japanese banks agree to not call in some Toshiba loans early for now Fingerprint Cards says former CEO arrested in market abuse probe SAP nudges up multi-year outlook after posting in-line 2016 results 'Star Wars' game studio adds 'Portal' designer Kim Swift Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Daily Express The Express Tribune Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live Wednesday, 25 Jan 2017 Subscribe Express News The Express Tribune Web Chutney Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live RSS Today's Paper Subscribe beta 2.1 Wednesday, 25 Jan 2017 Today's Paper Advertise Home Pakistan Business Tech Videos World Opinion Life & Style Sports T.Edit Blogs Jobs Classifieds Labs Events The Express Tribune > Technology   Mobile chipmaker Qualcomm hit with US antitrust suit Share Tweet Mobile chipmaker Qualcomm hit with US antitrust suit The tech giant has faced simila­r antitr­ust invest­igatio­ns in the Europe­an Union and China By AFP Published: January 18, 2017 0SHARES Share Tweet Email The tech giant has faced similar antitrust investigations in the European Union and China. PHOTO: AFP WASHINGTON: Mobile chip giant Qualcomm was hit Tuesday with a US antitrust suit alleging it abused its dominant position in the market for processors used in cell phones and other devices. The US Federal Trade Commission filed a lawsuit in federal court in California claiming Qualcomm’s practices amount to “unlawful maintenance of a monopoly in baseband processors,” which are devices that enable cellular communications in phones and other products. Qualcomm rejected the agency’s case as “significantly flawed,” arguing that reasoning at the heart of the civil complaint is wrong. “In our recent discussions with the FTC, it became apparent that it still lacked basic information about the industry and was instead relying on inaccurate information and presumptions,” Qualcomm general counsel Don Rosenberg said in a released statement. Chip maker Qualcomm fined $854 mln for violating competition laws Qualcomm, which is the dominant provider of chips for smartphones, has faced similar antitrust investigations in the European Union and China, and last month was hit with a record fine of $850 million by South Korean enforcement regulators. In the US lawsuit, the FTC said Qualcomm’s policy is to supply its processors only on the condition that cell phone manufacturers agree to Qualcomm’s “preferred license terms” for patents which are essential for mobile communications. “By using its monopoly power to obtain elevated royalties that apply to baseband processors supplied by its competitors, Qualcomm in effect collects a ‘tax’ on cell phone manufacturers when they use non-Qualcomm processors,” the lawsuit said. “This tax weakens Qualcomm’s competitors, including by reducing demand for their processors, and serves to maintain Qualcomm’s monopoly in baseband processor markets.” Qualcomm’s actions have hurt competitors including Taiwan-based Via Technologies, which was acquired by Intel in 2015, and another Taiwan firm, MediaTek Inc. The suit also alleges that Qualcomm “extracted exclusivity from Apple in exchange for reduced patent royalties,” which prevented the iPhone maker from getting processors from Qualcomm’s competitors from 2011 to 2016. Qualcomm to buy NXP Semiconductors for about $47 billion including debt Qualcomm general counsel Rosenberg maintained that the FTC sped up the investigation, filing the suit just days before a change in the US presidential administration and with only three of five agency commissioners in place. “This is an extremely disappointing decision to rush to file a complaint,” Rosenberg said. “It became apparent that the FTC was driving to file a complaint before the transition to the new administration.” The San Diego, California, group in 2015 agreed to pay $975 million to settle antitrust charges in China. The tech group is challenging an EU competition inquiry which could result in a fine of up to 10 percent of its annual sales, which amounted to $26.5 billion for Qualcomm in 2015. Read more: Qualcomm , smartphones , Tech Read full story Recommended Stories Android creator to launch high-end smartphone by mid 2017 Essential Product's phone is expected to compete directly with the likes of iPhone and Pixel HMD Global launches first Nokia smartphone HMD in December took over the Nokia feature phones business and struck a licensing deal HTC launches U Ultra with dual screen and AI assistant And no headphone jack Facebook Conversations Leave Your Reply Below Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Email Location Your comments may appear in The Express Tribune paper. For this reason we encourage you to provide your city. The Express Tribune does not bear any responsibility for user comments. Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Comments are moderated and generally will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive. For more information, please see our Comments FAQ. Most Read 1 Five WhatsApp hacks you need to master now 2 Amir's 'sex tape' leaked for revenge, says wife Faryal 3 Boxer Amir Khan's 'sex tape leaked' on porn website 4 Momina Mustehsan, Ali Naqvi call off engagement? 5 Mahira Khan ups the style quotient with Raees promotions 6 Kevin Pietersen names a Pakistani as best bowler he has faced 7 Maryam Nawaz named in Panama Papers, German newspaper reaffirms 8 Gohar Rasheed, a man of his word 9 New kids on the block 10 PTV slaps ban on anchors for ‘defaming organisation’ Connect With Tribune News Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Get news delivered to your inbox Your Email Address Great! You'll get your first email soon. Recent Slideshows Fashion Under One Roof Of Gems and WildFlowers Let’s Brunch The Big O More in TechnologyMark Zuckerberg denies Facebook’s VR-technology Oculus stolen © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] Pakistan Sindh Punjab Balochistan KP & FATA Jammu & Kashmir Gilgit Baltistan Life & Style Books Music TV & Film Fashion Food Gossip Videos Slideshows Videos Opinion Editorial Letters A -- Z Blogs Business World Sports Technology Magazine WebChutney Others About us Online Advertising RSS Feeds Google+ Subscribe to the Paper Contact us Careers Style Guide Privacy Policy Copyrights Code of ethics This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, redistributed or derived from. Unless otherwise stated, all content is copyrighted © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] facebook twitter whatsapp
Regulatory News Search Search Products & Services    News Releases Close Send a release Become a client For journalists Global sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Netherlands Sweden United States See more news releases in Computer Electronics | Computer Software | Banking & Financial Services | Health Care & Hospitals | Medical Pharmaceuticals | Mental Health | Pharmaceuticals | Accounting News & Issues SilverCloud Health Raises $8.1 Million to Accelerate Delivery of Evidence-based Digital Mental Health and Behavioural Healthcare Solutions BOSTON and DUBLIN, January 18, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Digital Health company SilverCloud Health, the leading provider of evidence-based online mental health and behavioural healthcare solutions, announced that it has raised $8.1 million in Series A funding. Venture capital firm B Capital Group - founded by Raj Ganguly and Facebook co-founder Eduardo Saverin - led the investment round with significant participation from ACT Venture Capital and returning investors, Investec Ventures and AIB Seed Capital Fund managed by DBIC, NDRC and Enterprise Ireland. SilverCloud Health is a multi-award winning global health tech company providing online therapeutic solutions to improve behavioural health and mental wellness; since launching in 2012 it has gone on to support over 80,000 patients across its global customer base, delivering clinical results that are on par with face-to-face therapy. SilverCloud Health chief executive and co-founder Ken Cahill said the company is defining a new healthcare model to meet the demand of the rapidly growing behavioural healthcare market, which in the US alone is estimated to be worth $440 billion. "This new investment enables us to drive forward with our commitment to evolve our health platform and address the ever-increasing global need in behavioural healthcare. We believe that technology is the enabler to address the biggest healthcare challenge of this century, maximising clinical delivery while enhancing patient access and choice, through the ability to engage with therapy at a time that fits into diverse lifestyles and through devices that are a part of our everyday lives." "We chose B Capital to lead our Series A because of their healthcare knowledge and relationships, and due to their partnership with The Boston Consulting Group, which has opened doors for us to new commercial partners in the US," he added.     "SilverCloud Health's mission is to make people healthier by providing effective, accessible and affordable behavioural healthcare opportunities, filling a massive void in the market today. B Capital Group is excited to back Ken and the team at SilverCloud Health, as they continue to change the way behavioural healthcare is delivered," said Eduardo Saverin, Co-founder and Partner, B Capital Group. "Our investment in SilverCloud Health is driven by our confidence in its team, its proven track record working with global health organisations and its esteemed partner network. This new capital will enable SilverCloud Health to continue to innovate, expand and broadly deploy its programmes to the millions of individuals who need them." This funding round comes as SilverCloud Health is growing rapidly with an expanding research pipeline that continues to show the clinical effectiveness of the company's behavioural health platform. The SilverCloud Health platform is currently used by over 120 healthcare organisations across Europe and North America. Within the UK National Health Service (NHS), the company has seen an exponential growth of clients-from supporting 1 percent of NHS mental health services two years ago to over 45 percent today. More broadly within the UK SilverCloud Health works with other organisations including universities and employers. The new capital will be used to meet growing demand in Europe and North America, build out its commercial, development and clinical teams and drive its strong clinical research and publishing agenda. With proven results in major health systems globally, this investment will allow expansion into new areas such as integration with personal health and activity monitoring devices to give a more integrated personalised context across physical and behavioural healthcare. Gavin Teo, Partner at B Capital Group said, "SilverCloud Health is redefining access to quality, outcomes-based care for hard-to-treat and high cost behavioural health populations. Their digital health platform is enabling new ways for provider systems and pharma companies to personalise therapeutic delivery to the individual patient, which is a building block for clinically validated, value driven care. B Capital is thrilled to be the lead investor in SilverCloud Health at such an exciting time in their growth." "We've seen SilverCloud's impact on patients and clinicians. Patients have seen it transform their daily lives, with a therapy they can control, and clinicians have been able to rapidly integrate it into clinical pathways," says John O'Sullivan, General Partner at ACT Venture Capital. "The efficacy data is compelling and is evident across a very large and diverse range of cases. We are delighted to be working with the SilverCloud team to positively impact and change many more lives and transform the economics of healthcare delivery." Today SilverCloud Health offers 22 evidence-based programmes addressing conditions such as depression, anxiety and stress as well as for long-term chronic conditions (diabetes, COPD, and cardiovascular disease). SilverCloud Health has spun out from the NDRC in 2012, with the backing of Investec Ventures and Dublin BIC and has been built on over a decade of academic and clinical research. Clinically led full randomised control trials (RCT) have demonstrated that SilverCloud Health's programmes are extremely effective, engaging with patients and provide positive clinical outcomes that are on par with face-to-face therapy. In 2016, SilverCloud Health was highlighted in Accenture's Digital Health Tech Vision 2016 report. The report listed 5 key innovative companies taking charge of healthcare delivery including Apple, Uber, United Healthcare, Philips and SilverCloud Health. In November 2016, SilverCloud Health was listed in the Top 100 Global Disruptive Companies in Healthcare, a report compiled by The Journal of mHealth which provides insight into the key sector trends that are emerging from across the healthcare continuum when it comes to the adoption of technology-led products and services. In the UK, clinical and financial benefits of online mental health services are being increasingly recognised, with Prime Minister, Theresa May, announcing £67.7 million funding for its expansion earlier this month. About B Capital   B Capital Group is a venture capital firm specialising in growth-stage investments with pioneering companies that are ready to scale across the global stage. B Capital Group was co-founded in 2015 by Eduardo Saverin (Facebook founder) and Raj Ganguly with offices in San Francisco, Los Angeles and Singapore. Partnering with The Boston Consulting Group, and its incubation arm BCG Digital Ventures, B Capital delivers unparalleled access to top corporations to match cutting-edge start-ups with the world's most powerful CEOs, platforms, and brands. Current companies include Evidation Health and Ninja Van. About ACT Venture Capital   ACT Venture Capital is a specialist, multi-stage, technology investor. ACT is Ireland's leading independent venture capital company with over $500m under management and a team with extensive experience working with entrepreneurs to build scale. About SilverCloud Health   SilverCloud Health is a leading provider of outcomes-focused online behavioural health and wellbeing solutions. Health systems and healthcare organisations use SilverCloud Health to provide care populations with immediate access to clinically proven, evidenced-based content, programmes and support within the area of mental health (depression, anxiety, stress) and long term/chronic illness care (diabetes, COPD, CVD).  SilverCloud Health offers a complete clinical platform that flexes around a provider's specific care delivery needs and protocols delivering mental wellness up to full clinical intervention level including self-help, supported online, preventive care, treatment, adjunct to face-to-face through to relapse care. SilverCloud Health is a spin-out company from the Technology Enhanced Therapy (TET) project, a four-year joint translational research project (2008 - 2012) backed by NDRC investment and undertaken by NDRC, Trinity College Dublin's School of Computer Science & Statistics and Parents Plus, Mater University Hospital. Prior to this, the project also benefited from over a decade of direct collaborative academic research between Trinity College Dublin and Mater University Hospital into online behavioural health delivery. SOURCE SilverCloud Health Journalists and Bloggers Visit PR Newswire for Journalists for releases, photos and customised feeds just for media. View and download archived video content distributed by MultiVu on The Digital Center. Next in Computer Electronics News   Get content for your website Enhance your website's or blog's content with PR Newswire's customised real-time news feeds. Start today.       Contact PR Newswire Send us an email at MarketingUK@prnewswire.co.uk or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382       Become a PR Newswire client Request more information about PR Newswire products & services or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382     Products & Services Knowledge Centre Browse News Releases Meet the Media Contact PR Newswire About PR Newswire Contact PR Newswire PR Newswire's Terms of Use Apply Privacy and Cookie Policy Site Map RSS Feeds Blog Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cisioncompany. Powered by Clickability.
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best 11 Best Weight Loss Apps for 2017 Best iPhone 7 Cases Things Apple Watch Can Do Android Galaxy S7 20 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals 5 Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases 8 Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors 8 Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors 18 Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals 5 Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] 6 of the Best Bags for College Kevin Purcell08/17/2013 Here’s our list of the best bags for college students going back to school this month, and next. We offer a range of nice high-end bags, to a mid-range and lower priced bag for all budgets. Advertisement The kinds of bags we share will help protect our best computers for back to school, from the lower priced sub-$400 to higher priced systems. Pick from a couple of backpacks to a pair of messenger bags. We even highlight one for photographers going to school or working as interns. WaterField Designs Muzetto Leather Shoulder Bag A beautiful leather vertical bag with colorful accents from WaterField Designs starting at $179-$250 Advertisement Advertisement We love WaterField Designs case and sleeves, and the Muzetto marks one of their most attractive designs available. It’s a vertically aligned bag that houses from a tiny tablet ($179) up to a 15-inch computer ($259). The bag houses the main device in a larger internal pocket. A smaller pocket on the front holds accessories. A flap covers them to protect them and an external pocket holds things like folders, books or magazines. This bag looks great and will hold up for a long time. It comes in twelve color combinations. Brown or black leather accented with six colors of ballistic nylon designed for the company using strong material. OGIO Renegade RSS 17 Laptop Backpack A ton of storage in a sturdy backpack – $150 direct form OGIO Advertisement We loved the OGIO Renegade RSS 17 when we tested it earlier this year. The bag offers tons of storage for the student on the go who carries just about everything. It features a slot for a a 15-inch computer, an iPad or other 10-inch tablet and room for all the accessories needed to do anything. There are side pockets for phones, a water bottle and more. We shot the video below to show how much we got into ours. The OGIO Renegate RSS 17 isn’t just a workhorse. It looks nice and feels like it will hold up for a full four years of high school or college. booq Boa squeeze graphite A black durable backpack bag with lots of storage in a small package – $129.95 direct from booq Advertisement The booq Boa squeeze graphite backpack packs a tone of storage in a small package. We don’t think this bag is for everyone, but students who need a lot of storage in a small package will love the booq Boa squeeze, graphite backpack. It offers room for a computer, tablet and all the accessories plus books and papers. The two large side pockets fit things the user needs to access quickly. A top zipper pocket fits a phone or some keys or both. The rounded shape won’t let it stand up on its own.   Advertisement A front vertical zippered pocket will let the user grab small accessories. Smaller pockets inside also fit some paraphernalia. We like the padded back and large adjustable straps making the Boa squeeze graphite fit big guys or smaller framed users. twelvesouth BookBook for MacBook Air The best computer for college needs protection from one of the best slim cases for the MacBook Air – $79.99 direct from twelvesouth   twevlesouth is known for elegant Apple accessories like this case for MacBooks, including all sizes of the Air and retina Pro. The BookBook looks like a book and feels like one too. The rigid covers and inner lining protect the computer. It feels like a leather book with zippers to close the computer in the sleeve style case. Watch the company’s video below. It highlights the iPad version, but gives users an idea of how the case looks and works. LowePro DSLR Video Fastpack 250 AW An excellent photographer’s camera and accessory bag with room for a 15″ laptop – $119.99 from LowePro     Carry all of the gear needed for simple photo shoots and a computer bag. It’s not intended for traditional college students, but someone who plans to take photography classes or apprentices with a pro photo studio will love it. It’s a backpack style case with the camera and lenses accessible from the front. Put a small tripod in the side loops and pocket that holds the base. Load the laptop in the top of the backpack.Here’s the company’s video demo: Belkin 13″ Messenger Bag A budget case that will hold up well and gives enough storage for an average day – $39.95 from Belkin and $38.70 from Amazon   We’ve shared some high-end and midrange laptops, but not everyone can afford those after paying for books and classes. The Belkin 13″ Messenger Bag will hold a 13″ computer. They also make them for larger computers up to 15 inches. They look decent and do their job of protecting the computer while holding some books and accessories.   4 Responses 08/18/2013 Dr. Z Reply Kevin, I can’t believe you left off the amazing bags by Wenger. They are the most at my university popular for a reason…they hold a lot of stuff, they last, and they stand up on their own! I was convinced to buy one by my students and I could not be happier with it over the last 4 years. Well worth the $80 or so I paid. http://www.wengerna.com/computer-backpacks And, though it’s more expensive, the best traditional computer bag is by Tumi. It would be my choice for a professional bag that will last and last. 08/18/2013 jaulie Reply like Kathryn answered I’m shocked that a mother can make $9779 in a few weeks on the internet. did you see this web link…………… goo.gg/Hb 06/05/2014 John Reply The Waterfield shoulder bag is a neat option. It is one of the most gorgeous-looking bag I’ve seen. I know the usual candidates for the best backpacks for college (see http://backpackbuyingguides.com/best-selling-backpacks-for-college/) tend to be boring. But I think Targus Drifter II deserves to be in the list? No? 01/17/2017 Hazel S. Reply This is a very helpful list! Thank you. I will definitely purchase one of these :) Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website What’s New in iOS 10.2.1 & iOS 10.2 01/23/2017 Samsung Galaxy Marshmallow Update Info (2017) 01/17/2017
Business Live BL Premium Business Live Sign In Register Sign In Register BL Premium Login Markets Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters National Education Health Labour Media Science & Environment Politics Companies Energy Financial Services Healthcare Industrials Innovation Investors Monthly Land & Agriculture Management Mining Property Retail & Consumer Telecoms & Technology Trade & Industry Transport & Tourism Economy Business World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East Sport Cricket Other Sport Rugby Soccer Life Arts & Entertainment Books Motoring Gadgets & Gear Video Market data: January 24 2017 Bonds Unit trusts Fixed deposits Preference shares Fuel prices Sanlam Stratus funds Liberty Africa investor Fairbairn Selected global stocks Metals Cross rates Forward rates Most Read Trump speech boosts rand 1 day ago MARKET WRAP: JSE and rand weaken while Dow rises 3 days ago Rand stronger after Donald Trump’s speech 1 day ago Columnists Editorials Letters LETTER: Chicken piece mangles facts about imports Efficient SA poultry producers cannot compete with dumping of foreign excess, writes industry captain Most Read The South African Politicians Awards 2017 1 day ago BL PREMIUM Reserve Bank and its reputation are a crucial bulwark against Gupta Inc 1 day ago BL PREMIUM We have a problem when top cops cannot tell right from wrong 1 day ago BL PREMIUM Education Health Labour Media Science & Environment eThekwini mayor broke law in appointment, DA says Opposition accused of ‘sleeping on job’ as they had walked out of meeting at which decision had been made Most Read Why union is preparing to strike at Unisa and what it is angry about 3 hours ago Busisiwe Mkhwebane’s first 100 days draws mixed reaction 5 hours ago Western Cape looks at tourism options for jam-packed Cape Town 5 hours ago PR expert tells of ANC municipal poll ‘war room’ shambles in lawsuit for R2.2m payment Claims of tricks to discredit political rivals have emerged in a PR expert’s court bid to claim R2.2m from the ANC for work done on its municipal election campaign Most Read JUSTICE MALALA: The truth behind the 'white monopoly capital' propaganda assault 1 day ago Crowd shouts down Zuma with demand for textbooks 1 day ago 'Mchunu right to back Ramaphosa for ANC president, it's tradition' 2 days ago Energy Financial Services Healthcare Industrials Innovation Investors Monthly Land & Agriculture Management Mining Property Retail & Consumer Telecoms & Technology Trade & Industry Transport & Tourism BlackRock to monitor use of US tax holiday funds CEO calls on companies to use repatriated cash on activities that spur economic growth Most Read AB InBev to cut manager jobs in SA 1 day ago ARC seals deal worth R753m 1 day ago Top local banks mull tenders for social grants contract 1 day ago BUSINESS DAY TV: Brexit may be a piece of cake, at least for SA Trade and Industry Minister Rob Davies speaks on the first day of a two-day investment visit to London as the UK starts to prepare to leave the EU Most Read Past production policy was naive, says October 1 day ago ECONOMIC WEEK AHEAD: Eyes glued on Bank’s first MPC gathering 1 day ago SA economy poised for growth, and a stable repo rate in 2017 5 days ago WATCH: Psyche of success with Afua Osei of She Leads Africa Afua Osei, co-founder of She Leads Africa, unpacks the journey of starting a company and how she handled doubts when targets weren’t met Most Read Watchdog hits back at critics of firm rotation 1 day ago Black business hails Zuma’s call for faster transformation 1 day ago Tanya Cohen is appointed CEO of Business Unity SA 6 days ago Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East Trump signs order to move Keystone, Dakota pipelines forward The rolls back key Obama administration environmental policies, while it has emerged the Dakota Access pipeline company’s CE donated $100,000 to Donald Trump’s campaign Most Read Russia, Iran and Turkey agree to monitor the fragile ceasefire in Syria 4 hours ago Germans and French may trip over their own tax in luring UK-based banks 9 hours ago Judges rule that it is up to UK parliament to pull Brexit trigger — not Theresa May 11 hours ago Cricket Other Sport Rugby Soccer Outlook on Allister Coetzee as clear as mud, but Boks’ needs are crystal clear SA Rugby won’t comment on its review of Bok coach Allister Coetzee, but Rassie Erasmus and Jake White are being mooted as possible successors Most Read Wenger sorry, but faces FA charge 1 day ago Mathews mauls the Proteas 1 day ago Murray’s mum gives SA’s Montsi the thumbs up 1 day ago Arts & Entertainment Books Motoring Gadgets & Gear Lions Gate grabs lion’s share of Oscar nominations La La Land leads the way followed by Manchester By The Sea as the Academy strives to recognise and honour movies that feature African Americans Most Read An ever-changing nightlife culture 17 hours ago Happily bogged down and all at sea exploring Argentina’s icy tip 17 hours ago For farmers, yeast-based scents don’t smell so good 1 day ago Most Read Opinion FOURTH INDUSTRIAL REVOLUTION Old rules just have to go when technology starts a different game Humans are losing their jobs to machines, so creativity and forethought are needed to prepare for our new roles, writes Joshin Raghubar 18 January 2017 - 06:21 AM Joshin Raghubar Stakeholders in a state — government, business, civil society — should have one goal: to grow and sustain a resilient, generative society with a high quality of life for its people. To this end, a growing economy, by extension with increasing employment, has been the normative mechanism for upward human development. This development mechanism has come to constitute our identity and meaning inasmuch as work and productivity is related to income and security. These were the old rules. Swipe left. Our leaders — business, political, and civil society — need to become creators of new, meaningful spaces that help us reorientate ourselves in this changing world. Globalisation, markets and advanced technologies are powering the shift from postindustrialisation to postwork. We are in the age of machines and more work will increasingly be done by fewer people. The World Economic Forum dubbed this the Fourth Industrial Revolution. It is conceivable that the time will soon arrive where our human productivity will be unhooked from labour, work and wages. As more forms of labour, capital and property become commodified and fungible, a great energy continues to be unleashed in the market that has powered global economic growth over the past 150 years. This process has accelerated with new technologies. Companies such as Uber and Airbnb have allowed more "property" to enter the market: your underused car and the latent potential of your extra bedroom. This has allowed many to reap economic benefits. However, there is a countertrend: labour is being removed from the market. It won’t be long before driverless cars render Uber drivers obsolete. The dawn of technologies such as 3D printing, the internet of things, cloud computing, big data analytics, blockchain, robotics and artificial intelligence are accelerating the trend already set by automation: the paths of economic growth and labour absorption have diverged. The forces of globalisation dictate that SA will not be exempt. Our future may also be jobless. Increased Automation  This trend set by automation has long been evident in manufacturing. Manufacturing output in the US has grown more than 200% over the past 40 years, while manufacturing jobs have decreased by more than 40%. While part of this drop is due to jobs being sent offshore — president-elect Donald Trump blames China and Mexico — most of it is a direct result of increased automation and disruptive technologies. The picture is similar in the UK, Germany, Japan and Canada. As wages rise in China, Chinese companies are also investing heavily in a robot workforce: in 2016, Foxconn, a major supplier to both Apple and Samsung, reported it had replaced 60,000 workers with robots. In SA, manufacturing’s contribution to the economy decreased from 20% in 1990 to 13% in 2014. Even if we can reboot our manufacturing sector and create a cohort of new industrialists, it will not create jobs at scale. South Africans already experience a jobless environment. Most of the 800,000 matriculants of 2016 will struggle to find work, and many will give up looking. Some are not equipped even to try. With decreasing low-skilled work opportunities, even a strong-growth economy will fail to absorb most of them into the workforce. It used to be the prevailing wisdom that as low-value jobs are shipped offshore or replaced by technology, higher-value jobs are created, ensuring that economic output and labour absorption continue to grow in tandem. This may not be true anymore. Automotive groups seek to develop car-making industry north of SA South African car makers have formed an association to work together to develop car making in African states to the north News 3 months ago Be very afraid: who should be worrying most about artificial intelligence? The rise of the machines is upending the labour market and threatening to render all sorts of workers redundant, writes Stéphane Garelli Opinion 1 month ago Technology and automation placing traditional industries under threat It is a changing landscape for travel agencies, manufacturers, vehicle insurers and repairers and financial advisers Opinion 21 days ago High-value professional work is increasingly being replaced by technology. Beginning with the widely cited 2013 Frey and Osborne study, various studies show that 49% of jobs in Japan are at risk, followed by 47% in the US and 35% in the UK. These studies specifically name delivery drivers, receptionists, security guards, cashiers, accountants and other service sector jobs. Legal work is also being done by software, artificial intelligence and a combination of other technologies. A 2015 Deloitte study predicted that 100,000 legal jobs in the UK would be automated in the next 20 years. Jobs are now being replaced faster than jobs are being created. The trend is loud and clear: if a task requires efficiency and routine, it will be done by machines, and not humans. We must orientate ourselves accordingly. In every period of significant technological disruption, there are winners and losers. Losers play by the old rules. A South African development policy that aims to grow jobs through industrialisation and traditional manufacturing is playing by the old rules. Winners are those quickest to adapt, using imagination and innovation to bridge the gap between the present and the future. Who the winners will be and what they would have done to win will be known only with the benefit of hindsight. However, we do know that human productivity and meaning will lie in areas of the inefficient and nonroutine: creativity, innovation, relationships, caregiving, environmental care, and civic and political engagement. Threats and Opportunities  Many countries and innovators are already embracing this shift in education, economic development strategies and social policy. Globally, teachers and parents who recognise the threats and opportunities of new technologies for their children are rushing to give their children a Stem education — a problem-based approach to learning that combines knowledge in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics. Recent Bloomberg analysis highlights that about 10-million students are being fast-tracked for Stem success in China. This will grow to 50-million by 2020 as Chinese parents look to give their children a head start in coding and robotics. Picture: ISTOCK Many companies and cities are developing resilience strategies and are directing investment towards developing advanced urban manufacturing clusters: combining 3D printing, the internet of things, cloud computing, agile hardware design and development, DIY robotics and other technologies. More than 100 US cities are dubbed "Maker cities" as part of a White House initiative to be a nation of advanced urban manufacturers. Various countries and local governments are experimenting with ways to ensure every citizen has a living income and then a means for personal growth, through means over and above the labour market. Conversations about a basic income grant or "social dividend" — a basic living income for all citizens as a human right — are happening in the governments of India, Canada and the Netherlands. There is a basic income grant in Alaska, and there are pilot programmes in the welfare state of Finland as well as the libertarian enclave of Silicon Valley. There are opportunities to create new spaces of meaning, productivity and work. Andy Stern, in his book, Raising the Floor, discusses the age of machines, the postwork society, and mechanisms such as the basic income grant. He points out that raising your children or your siblings, caring for your parents, volunteering to tutor or coach, researching and developing a new business or invention and creative activity now all have the opportunity to be considered rewarded work. In SA, we will have to find our own way through this period of certain change. While the path ahead is not clear, it must be forged nonetheless. Old ideas must transform into imaginative new ones. Together with our leaders, we need to be creators of new, meaningful spaces that help us begin to transform our present and protect our future. • Raghubar is an entrepreneur in the media, marketing and technology sectors. He chairs the Cape Innovation and Technology Initiative, is a fellow of the Africa Leadership Initiative and is a Yale Greenberg world fellow. Please login or register to comment. REGISTER LOGIN Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. BLPremium Need the best business news in SA? Register to try BL Premium at no cost until early 2017 – with content from Business Day, Financial Mail, Rand Daily Mail, Business Times, Financial Times and more. Most read 1. The South African Politicians Awards 2017 Opinion / Columnists 2. Reserve Bank and its reputation are a crucial ... Opinion / Columnists 3. We have a problem when top cops cannot tell right ... Opinion / Columnists 4. Selective moralists and their ignorance of black ... Opinion 5. EDITORIAL: Plucking fruit of Obama’s rule Opinion / Editorials Related Articles Looming tsunami of automation will threaten job creation Opinion / Columnists Technology and automation placing traditional industries under threat Opinion THE FT COLUMN: How robots make humans indispensable Opinion Be very afraid: who should be worrying most about artificial intelligence? Opinion Investors Monthly is a magazine published by Times Media, Media Division included in the Financial Mail on the last Thursday of the month. BLPremium Need the best business news in SA? Register to try BL Premium at no cost until early 2017 – with content from Business Day, Financial Mail, Rand Daily Mail, Business Times, Financial Times and more. Most read 1. The South African Politicians Awards 2017 Opinion / Columnists 2. Reserve Bank and its reputation are a crucial ... Opinion / Columnists 3. We have a problem when top cops cannot tell right ... Opinion / Columnists 4. Selective moralists and their ignorance of black ... Opinion 5. EDITORIAL: Plucking fruit of Obama’s rule Opinion / Editorials Related Articles Looming tsunami of automation will threaten job creation Opinion / Columnists Technology and automation placing traditional industries under threat Opinion THE FT COLUMN: How robots make humans indispensable Opinion Be very afraid: who should be worrying most about artificial intelligence? Opinion Investors Monthly is a magazine published by Times Media, Media Division included in the Financial Mail on the last Thursday of the month. Politics National Education Health Labour Media Science & Environment World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East Sport Cricket Other Sport Rugby Soccer Companies Energy Financial Services Healthcare Industrials Innovation Investors Monthly Land & Agriculture Management Mining Property Retail & Consumer Telecoms & Technology Trade & Industry Transport & Tourism Markets Business Economy Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters Read More About us Contact us FAQs Subscriptions Terms & Conditions Privacy policy © 2017 Times Media Group. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy. © BusinessLIVE MMXVII
Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds Trib Total Media Contact Us ShareThis Page Home Local Local Front - - - - - Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Regional - - - - - Carlynton Fox Chapel Hampton/Shaler Monroeville Murrysville North Hills Norwin Penn Hills Penn-Trafford Plum Sewickley South Hills Sports Sports Front - - - - - Steelers / NFL Penguins / NHL Pirates / MLB Riverhounds - - - - - High Schools - - - - - Pitt Penn State WVU Duquesne Robert Morris District Colleges - - - - - Outdoors Local U.S./World Sports SportsTalk SportsBlogs Kevin Gorman News News Front - - - - - Pennsylvania Business Investigative U.S./World Health Now Education Politics Our Stories Blogs Videos Opinion Opinion Front - - - - - Columnists Editorials Cartoons Letters Send a Letter A&E A&E Front - - - - - Architecture Theater & Arts Movies Music Books Museums Players Advantage Crosswords Sudoku Lottery Lifestyles Lifestyles Front - - - - - Doug Oster Food & Drink Fanfare Out & About Home & Garden Health & Fitness More Lifestyles Fashion History Travel Video - - - - - Trib Videos Featured Videos Obituaries Obituaries Front - - - - - Pittsburgh Tribune Review Tribune Review Valley News Dispatch Penn Hills Progress Monroeville Times Express Advance Leader Penn-Trafford Star Norwin Star McKnight North Journal Bridgeville Area News Sewickley Herald Murrysville Star South Hills Record The Herald Hampton Journal Shaler Journal Pine Creek Journal Triblive Online Only Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests - - - - - Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds - - - - - Trib Total Media Contact Us Feedback Blogs Email Newsletters eTrib Digital Replica Our Publications eFeatures Buy Trib Photos Where to Buy the Paper Allegheny Amazon opens 'machine translation' office in Pittsburgh Aaron Aupperlee | Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017, 4:39 p.m. Andrew Russell | Tribune-Review Brooke Sumner, receptionist for Amazon’s South Side Works office, greets visitors Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2016, as the tech giant officially opened its first corporate office in Pittsburgh. Andrew Russell | Tribune-Review Andrew Moore, Dean of the School of Computer Science at Carnegie Mellon University applauds speakers at Amazon’s South Side Works office Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2016, when the tech giant officially opened its first corporate office in Pittsburgh. Andrew Russell | Tribune-Review Council President Bruce Kraus, seen though an iPhone reads a proclamation proclaiming Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2016, Amazon Day at Amazon's South Side Works office when the tech giant officially opened its first corporate office in Pittsburgh, Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2016. Andrew Russell | Tribune-Review Tin Franovic, software engineer at Amazon works at Amazon's South Side Works office when the tech giant officially opened its first corporate office in Pittsburgh, Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2016. Andrew Russell | Tribune-Review Severin Hacker, CTO of Duolingo speaks to the crowd at Amazon's South Side Works office when the tech giant officially opened its first corporate office in Pittsburgh, Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2016. Andrew Russell | Tribune-Review Work space at at Amazon's South Side Works office is shown when the tech giant officially opened its first corporate office in Pittsburgh, Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2016. Andrew Russell | Tribune-Review A software engineer who preferred to not be named works at Amazon's South Side Works office when the tech giant officially opened its first corporate office in Pittsburgh, Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2016. Andrew Russell | Tribune-Review Work space at at Amazon's South Side Works office is shown when the tech giant officially opened its first corporate office in Pittsburgh, Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2016. Andrew Russell | Tribune-Review Amazon officially opened its first corporate office at South Side Works, Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2016. Email Newsletters Sign up for one of our email newsletters. Another tech heavyweight has established a Pittsburgh presence. Seattle-based Amazon officially opened a small corporate office Tuesday in South Side Works. The 50 Amazon employees will work on machine translation and in departments like Alexa, the digital assistant in Amazon's Echo device, and Amazon Web Services, the company's cloud-computing arm, said Bill Kaper, general manager of the new Pittsburgh office and a Butler County native. “Pittsburgh is a city of phenomenal tech talent. Both CMU and the University of Pittsburgh are training some of the best and brightest software engineers and research scientists,” Kaper said. Alon Lavie, an adjunct faculty member at the Language Technologies Institute at Carnegie Mellon University and senior manager at Amazon's Pittsburgh office in charge of the machine translation research and development group, said his group is developing technology that will help Amazon business groups translate their products and services into all the languages in which the company operates. Amazon acquired in September 2015 a CMU spin-off company founded by Lavie and a fellow professor, Robert Olszewski. Safaba Translation Solutions developed automated translation products for large companies like Dell and PayPal. Cubicles filled most of the workspace. There is a lounge with a pingpong table and checkerboard and a kitchen. A poster of a cat floating in outer space with lasers coming out of its eyes and grasping at a slice of pepperoni pizza hung on a pillar in the office. Kaper said the office culture would be similar to Amazon's headquarters in Seattle, where employees can take their dog to work and wear shorts and flip-flops. The office first opened in August. Tech giants Apple, Microsoft, Uber, Google, Facebook and others have offices scattered throughout Pittsburgh. Amazon operates a sort center in the West End neighborhood of Fairywood that employs hundreds, but its South Side office is the first to tap into Pittsburgh's tech talent pool. Andrew Moore, dean of CMU's School of Computer Science, said Amazon locating its translation work in Pittsburgh makes sense. Amazon's technology relies on artificial intelligence to translate. Pittsburgh, Moore said, is the birthplace of AI. “As that history has carried along, it has been wonderful to see how it affected the economic development of Pittsburgh with wonderful opportunities such as the one Amazon is beginning today to bring in whole new revolutionary technologies into the world and introduce them from Pittsburgh,” Moore said. Amazon also gave a $10,000 donation to Community Human Services, where some of its employees have volunteered since coming to Pittsburgh. Jon Hoffmann, COO of Community Human Services, said the money will operate the organization's food pantry for a month and will service 2,000 and provide 24,000 pounds of produce. Aaron Aupperlee is a Tribune-Review staff writer. Reach Aupperlee at aaupperlee@tribweb.com or 412-336-8448. More Allegheny Gateway teacher under investigation following on-campus wreck Pittsburgh International hailed as Airport of the Year Girl Scouts Western Pennsylvania to sell five camp properties Strip District space firm to receive 'Diversity Prize' money from Google's Lunar XPrize Rock slide that closed Allegheny River Boulevard in Penn Hills cleared; road reopened TribLIVE commenting policy You are solely responsible for your comments and by using TribLive.com you agree to our Terms of Service. We moderate comments. Our goal is to provide substantive commentary for a general readership. By screening submissions, we provide a space where readers can share intelligent and informed commentary that enhances the quality of our news and information. While most comments will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive, moderating decisions are subjective. We will make them as carefully and consistently as we can. Because of the volume of reader comments, we cannot review individual moderation decisions with readers. We value thoughtful comments representing a range of views that make their point quickly and politely. We make an effort to protect discussions from repeated comments either by the same reader or different readers We follow the same standards for taste as the daily newspaper. A few things we won't tolerate: personal attacks, obscenity, vulgarity, profanity (including expletives and letters followed by dashes), commercial promotion, impersonations, incoherence, proselytizing and SHOUTING. Don't include URLs to Web sites. We do not edit comments. They are either approved or deleted. We reserve the right to edit a comment that is quoted or excerpted in an article. In this case, we may fix spelling and punctuation. We welcome strong opinions and criticism of our work, but we don't want comments to become bogged down with discussions of our policies and we will moderate accordingly. We appreciate it when readers and people quoted in articles or blog posts point out errors of fact or emphasis and will investigate all assertions. But these suggestions should be sent via e-mail. To avoid distracting other readers, we won't publish comments that suggest a correction. Instead, corrections will be made in a blog post or in an article. Trending Steelers' Roethlisberger noncommittal on next year  Steelers face critical offseason decisions Police: Hempfield teen no longer missing Twitter Feed A Twitter List by Pittsburgh Tribune-Review staff Week in Pictures Women's march, inauguration protests and crushed Super Bowl dreams (Jan. 17 - Jan. 22) Images from across the region by Tribune-Review photographers. Subscribe Place an Ad Feedback Contact Us Blogs | Mobile App | Email Newsletters | eTrib Digital Replica | Our Publications | eFeatures | Buy Trib Photos | Where to Buy the Paper Images and text copyright © 2017 Trib Total Media, LLC | Reproduction or reuse prohibited without written consent. | Terms of Service
Collapse Expand Home Shop News Reviews Features Opinions Photos Videos Gadget Guru Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Hubs Apple Android BlackBerry Google Microsoft Nokia Samsung Sony Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी Home Apps Apps News China Says App Stores Must Register With State  Agence France-Presse, 18 January 2017 Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit App stores in China must register with the state from Monday, a government statement said, as China tightens its control over the Internet. App stores are "not strict" when they examine and approve apps, the China Cyberspace Administration, the country's internet watchdog, said in a statement. Lax standards have led to the "frequent appearance of apps that spread illegal information, encroach on users' rights and contain security hazards," it added in the statement issued last week. China's ruling Communist party oversees a vast censorship apparatus designed to censor online content deemed politically sensitive, while blocking some Western websites and the services of Internet giants including Facebook, Twitter and Google. It passed a controversial cyber-security bill in November, tightening restrictions on online freedom of speech and imposing new rules on online service providers. The clampdown on app stores came just after Apple removed the New York Times from its China app store, stating that it was in violation of local regulations. In the absence of Google Play, which is blocked, China is home to a variety of different Android app stores, though the landscape is mostly dominated by Internet giants Baidu, Tencent, and Alibaba. The first two companies control nearly half the Android app stores run in the country as of the third quarter of last year, according to a report from consulting firm Analysys. Internet legal expert You Yunting of DeBund Law Offices told AFP the move "definitely has a political agenda", but as Baidu, Alibaba and Tencent were already managed by the internet watchdog, the impact "won't be too big". Tags: App Store, Google Play, Apps, iOS, Android, China Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg Testifies in Oculus-ZeniMax Trial Over VR Tech HP Enterprise Buys US Data Management Firm SimpliVity for $650 Million China Says App Stores Must Register With State     Advertisement   In Mobiles and Tablets Latest Intex Cloud Style 4G Lava A55 Lava A50 Vivo V5 Lite Vivo V5 Plus Micromax Vdeo 3 ZTE Hawkeye LG X300 Micromax Vdeo 4 Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Samsung Galaxy J2 Ace Swipe Konnect Grand Huawei P8 Lite (2017) HTC U Play Gionee Steel 2 HTC U Ultra Ziox Mobiles Astra Metal 4G Asus Zenfone Pegasus 3S Nokia 6 ZTE Blade V8 Popular Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 OnePlus 3T Lenovo P2 iPhone 7 Google Pixel Google Pixel XL Motorola Moto Z Moto Z Play Lenovo K5 Note Xiaomi Redmi 3s HTC 10 Moto G4 Xiaomi Mi5 Galaxy J7 2016 Redmi Note 3 Micromax phones Samsung phones Android Phones Smartphones Google Phones Nokia Phones Vivo V5 Xiaomi Redmi 3S Prime Galaxy Note7 Gadgets 360 Hindi लेनोवो के6 पावर का 4 जीबी रैम वेरिएंट भारत में लॉन्च, जानें कीमत हॉनर 6एक्स है दो रियर कैमरे वाला फोन, कीमत है बजट स्मार्टफोन वाली फ्लिपकार्ट सेलः इन स्मार्टफोन पर मिल रही है छूट Latest Videos 02:49 Honor 6X Review 01:27 How to Disable Birthday, Live Video, and Other Annoying Notifications on Facebook 02:42 360 Daily: Hugo Barra Quitting Xiaomi, Vivo V5 Plus With Dual-Selfie Cameras Launched and More 01:58 How to Stop Google From Tracking Your Browsing Habits 02:28 360 Daily: Amazon's Great Indian Sale, PM Modi is Most Followed Leader on Social Media, and More More Videos» OPINIONS ALL AUTHORS Rohan Naravane UPI Has an Identity Problem That's Stopping It From Taking Off Akhil Arora How I Learned to Buy Less and Live More Gopal Sathe So, What's the Deal With These Convenience Fees? Advertisement Recent Google to Bring Its AI Tools to Raspberry Pi This Year Google Pixel Now Available With Rs. 10,000 Discount on Flipkart Tekken 7 Release Delayed Till June 2, New Trailer Unveiled Samsung Partners Video Software Firm Imint to Work on New Product Lenovo K6 Power Variant With 4GB of RAM Launched in India Asus ZenPad 3S 10 LTE Tablet With Snapdragon 650 SoC Launched India's Smartphone User Base Tops 300 Million, Claims Counterpoint Star Trek Fans Can Now Wake Up Alexa Devices by Calling Them 'Computer' iBall Launches Voice-Calling Tablet With 4G VoLTE Support in India Qualcomm Will Reportedly Continue to Supply Apple Chips Despite Lawsuit More News TRENDING Google Warns Users to Switch to Newer Versions of Its G Suite Apps Nokia 6 Gone In 60 Seconds, Amazon India Sale, More: Your 360 Daily Nokia Heart Android Phone With Snapdragon 430 SoC Spotted in Benchmark Lenovo K6 Power Variant With 4GB of RAM Launched in India Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Review Redmi Note 4 Launch, Nokia 6 Sold Out, Amazon Sale, and More This Week Honor 6X Review 250,000 Redmi Note 4 Smartphones Sold in 10 Minutes, Says Xiaomi India Study Shows Android Pattern Locks Can Be Broken Into in Just 5 Attempts Google Pixel Now Available With Rs. 10,000 Discount on Flipkart Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2017. All rights reserved.
EPR Retail News Main menu Skip to content Home About FAQs Contact Us Editorial Staff Legal Submit Retail News Retail Press Release Distribution Publish unlimited for $99/mo Publish once for $59 Exclusivity (Publish for free) Advertise Reports Social Twitter Facebook Google+ VIP Search for: January 17, 2017 GameStop’s initial allotment of Nintendo Switch systems completely reserved by Retail News Editor Share on Facebook Share 1 Share on TwitterTweet 2 Share on Google Plus Share 1 Share on Pinterest Share 0 Share on LinkedIn Share 0 Send email Mail 4 Total Shares Company working with Nintendo to get more for its customers as soon as possible GRAPEVINE, Texas, 2017-Jan-17 — /EPR Retail News/ — GameStop, a family of specialty retail brands that makes the most popular technologies affordable and simple, has reserved all of its first allotment of Nintendo Switch systems. On Friday, the retailer began taking reservations for the Nintendo Switch online and in its more than 3,900 stores nationwide. “The fact that this initial allotment has been completely reserved in a matter of a few days demonstrates gamers desire for this fun and revolutionary gaming system,” said Bob Puzon, senior vice president of merchandising at GameStop. “We’re working closely with Nintendo to get additional Nintendo Switch units, and will let our customers know when they become available. We encourage customers to visit www.gamestop.com/switch and sign up to be get updates about the product and availability.” Meanwhile, sixteen games for the Nintendo Switch platform are still available for reserve now at GameStop. Players can look forward to games available at launch such as The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild ($59.99) and 1-2-Switch ($49.99) from Nintendo, Just Dance 2017 ($59.99) from Ubisoft, and Has-Been Heroes ($19.99) from GameTrust, available exclusively at GameStop. Additional games coming this spring, and available now for pre-order at GameStop, include ARMS, Mario Kart 8 Deluxe, and LEGO City Undercover ($59.99). Coming Holiday 2017 is Super Mario Odyssey ($59.99), also available now for pre-order at GameStop. Select Nintendo Switch accessories are also available for pre-order in GameStop stores and on www.GameStop.com. These include the Joy-Con (L/R) Gray/Gray, Joy-Con (L/R) Neon Blue/Neon Blue, Joy-Con (L/R) Neon Red/Neon Red, and a Nintendo Switch Carrying Case and Screen Protector. Only at GameStop, customers can make their Nintendo Switch purchases more affordable and trade games, consoles and electronics for credit to apply towards their purchases of Nintendo Switch products. The $299.99 Nintendo Switch will ship and be available for pick-up on its March 3 launch day. About GameStop Corp. GameStop Corp. (NYSE:GME), a Fortune 500 company headquartered in Grapevine, Texas, is a global, multichannel video game, consumer electronics and wireless services retailer. GameStop operates more than 7,500 stores across 14 countries. The company’s consumer product network also includes www.gamestop.com; www.Kongregate.com, a leading browser-based game site; Game Informer® magazine, the world’s leading print and digital video game publication; and ThinkGeek, www.thinkgeek.com, the premier retailer for the global geek community featuring exclusive and unique video game and pop culture products. In addition, our Technology Brands segment includes Simply Mac and Spring Mobile stores. Simply Mac, www.simplymac.com, operates 70 stores, selling the full line of Apple products, including laptops, tablets, and smartphones and offering Apple certified warranty and repair services. Spring Mobile, www.springmobile.com, sells all of AT&T’s products and services, including DIRECTV through its 1,429 AT&T branded stores and offers pre-paid wireless services, devices and related accessories through its 70 Cricket branded stores in select markets in the U.S. General information about GameStop Corp. can be obtained at the company’s corporate website. Follow @GameStop on Twitter and find GameStop on Facebook at www.facebook.com/GameStop. Contact: Jackie Smith GameStop Corp. 817-722-7520 JackieSmith@GameStop.com Source: Gamestop Corporation/globenewswire 3,941 total views, 19 views today Sponsored content Matched content This entry was posted in Business, Games, Marketing, Retail, Retailer, Technology and tagged Bob Puzon, GameStop's, Nintendo Switch systems. Bookmark the permalink. Post navigation ← Previous Next → Follow @eprretailnews SUBMIT RETAIL NEWS January 2017 M T W T F S S « Dec       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Ads Editor’s pick SENA LANCE UNE APPLICATION POUR SMARTPHONE INNOVANTE POUR CONNECTER LES MOTARDS DU MONDE ENTIER (external link) SENA FÜHRT WEGWEISENDE SMARTPHONE-APP FÜR DIE VERBINDUNG VON FAHRERN WELTWEIT EIN (external link) SENA LAUNCHES GROUNDBREAKING SMARTPHONE APP TO CONNECT RIDERS WORLDWIDE (external link) Cabin Crew Recruitment Days taking place in Brussels, Belgium (external link) Gudny Aspaas Returns with a New Album (external link) Unique patent-pending “Body Camera” as a PTT Microphone: X-Surveillance DS300 (external link) New York’s Health Agency (NYSDOH) Cited in Iraq War’s Blowback (external link) Model at the age of 90 – Genia Galberstadt (external link) Vivier Chief Executive, Luigi Wewege Announces New Book: The Digital Banking Revolution (external link) Startup Founders: Are You Ready To Accelerate Your Business? (external link) NET-DYN Awarded Top Rated Status on Major E-commerce Platform Amazon (external link) ABBYY Launches an Open API for Its Trademark Lingvo Dictionaries (external link) DAN GRACE JOINS SKILLSTORM AS EVP, OPERATIONAL SERVICES (external link) Soldi troppo in nero: una compagnia Europea paga a gli guerriglieri (external link) L’argent trop «noir»: Une société européenne paye aux rebelles (external link) The Rose receives 2016 Jack Kemp Excellence in Affordable and Workforce Housing Award from the Urban Land Institute (external link) TS EMEA Takes "A Bridge to the Future" at the 29th World LPG Forum (external link) VidCon Europe Launches in Amsterdam, Announces Featured Creators (external link) Startup mentored by Promwad created one of the best IoT products in Europe (external link) Petroleum Engineer Launched Book of Short Stories endorsed by Reader’s Favorite (external link) Baton Rouge Based Roof Crafters Launches New CRM Software For Clients (external link) Real Estate Lead Partner Moves Headquarters To Nashville TN (external link) SYSTECH PARTNERS WITH SHARP PACKAGING & AUTAJON GROUP AT CPhI (external link) Zandre Campos Recipient Of Distinguished Business Excellence Award (external link) SYSTECH AND SERVICEPOINT PARTNER TO DELIVER SERIALIZATION AND TRACK & TRACE SOLUTIONS TO PHARMACEUTICAL INDUSTRY IN EUROPE (external link) Sonatype and CloudBees Launch DevOps Express Initiative (external link) Sonatype Announces Nexus Repository Pro with High Availability and Software Component Analysis Built-in (external link) La Via della Seta su Binari: I Treni Blocco Cina-Europa (external link) Silk Road on Rails: The China-Europe Block Trains (external link) UAVtechnics unveils FLIR drone with dual thermal RGB camera (external link) Z3 Technology Introduces the Z3Cam-4K H.265 IP Camera with Integrated Auto Focus Zoom (external link) 1.5 Minute ConcussionTest “Sway” Issued CE Mark In EU as Medical Device (external link) Edo’s giant Lego­like blocks now on Kickstarter (external link) SENA PRÄSENTIERT REVOLUTIONÄREN SMART-FAHRRADHELM AUF DER EUROBIKE 2016 (external link) SENA PRESENTA ALLA FIERA EUROBIKE 2016 IL RIVOLUZIONARIO CASCO SMART PER IL CICLISMO (external link) SENA DESVELA EL REVOLUCIONARIO CASCO INTELIGENTE PARA CICLISTAS EN EUROBIKE 2016 (external link) SENA UNVEILS REVOLUTIONARY SMART CYCLING HELMET AT EUROBIKE 2016 (external link) Orbex instaura una partnership con l’università italiana LUM Jean Monnet (external link) BLUETOOTH COMMUNICATIONS LEADER SENA ANNOUNCES TECHNOLOGY-ADVANCED HEADSET ADDRESSING INDUSTRIAL WORKSITE DEMANDS (external link) Major Recruitment Drive Across Europe – Coming to Italy (external link) Moonbasa and ITA to Bring U.S. Fashion Brands to China (external link) Creative Approach Saves Germany’s E-Commerce Industry (external link) Introducing Torque Control Cordless Angle Wrenches from Express Assembly Products (external link) New LiberCloud Integration with Microsoft Office Online Helps Educators Incorporate Multi-media Slideshows in Blended Learning (external link) Sonatype Releases 2016 State of the Software Supply Chain Report (external link) Orbex Recognized As A Leader In Responsible Customer Service (external link) The volume of supply spot trading of oil products for the current 6 months on Ukrainian Energy Exchange amounted to $US 88.6 million (external link) WorldSIM is now the most connected mobile network in the world (external link) Ukrgasvydobuvannya earned additional 11 million UAH on Ukrainian Energy Exchange (external link) Rax.bg Attains VMware IaaS Powered Status in the VMware vCloud Air Network (external link) Roof Crafters Gives Away New Roof (external link) Ukrainian oil products fell in price against the background of global trends – Ukrainian Energy Exchange (external link) MaximumSoft Corp. announced the new release of its popular award-winning WebCopier Pro website download tool (external link) Innovative therapy in Europe: Functional Neurology to improve life of patients with brain and central nervous system disorders (external link) SIXTEEN NEW COMPANIES ENTER INTO PATENT LICENSE AGREEMENTS WITH CHRIMAR (external link) Nouvelle enrobeuse à chaud SimpliMet™ 4000: des temps de cycle plus courts et une fiabilité améliorée pour la préparation des échantillons métallographiques (external link) Piceasoft signs an Online technology agreement with Alternativ Data (external link) Mexico met de l’avant ses politiques de gestion de l’environnement et de santé au forum de l’OCDE (external link) Miguel Angel Mancera Espinosa – Des idées novatrices de la Ville de Mexico mises à l’honneur au Forum de l’OCDE à Paris (external link) Bang-Bang in Watchland (external link) GenQual and R-Pharm collaborate to deliver predictive diagnostics for novel anti-IL-6 antibody for autoimmune diseases (external link) Panel at World Humanitarian Summit in Istanbul to Highlight Often Overlooked Role Of Faith Groups (external link) DESIGNER GIONNI STRACCIA LAUNCHES HIS FIRST FASHION COLLECTION (external link) OMEGA DESIGN BECOMES PARTNER-IN-RESIDENCE AT SYSTECH’S PRINCETON HEADQUARTERS (external link) ETIPACK JOINS SYSTECH UNISOLVETM PARTNER ECOSYSTEM (external link) Xample Development SARL developed Helitab Electronic Flight Bag Mobile technology for Airbus Helicopters Super Puma EFB (external link) Discount Airport Parking Website Announces Expansion Plans (external link) EIT Digital bestows first doctorates addressing Europe’s need for entrepreneurial digital technology leaders (external link) Piceasoft signs a contract with RAS Infotech for the Middle East and India for its whole product portfolio (external link) TRAINERS EDGE VETERANS CHARITY FAMILY DAY AND FITNESS EVENT (external link) ArtBrew is launched at Kickstarter as the World’s Smartest Beer Home Brewery (external link) ADISA appoints VP for the Americas (external link) PiceaEraser made available to 5.000 Mobicode customers in UK (external link) Christoph Krähenbühl to speak at Systech UNIQUITY Conference in Amsterdam (external link) Panoptic Media Marketing Inc acquires GreatCircle Studios (external link) PiceaEraser™ is the first mobile erasure on the market to pass the ADISA claims test (external link) WorldSIM launches a new international SIM card that ends roaming charges for travellers worldwide (external link) Inno4Life Joins Systech UNIQUITY Conference as Prime Platinum Sponsor (external link) OMEGA DESIGN JOINS SYSTECH UNISOLVE PARTNER ECOSYSTEM (external link) A Window into the Philippines: Permanent New York City Window Display at the Philippine Center Showcases the Beautiful Country (external link) Inno4Life Joins Systech’s UniSolve™ Partner Program (external link) DIRECT CONNECT CONTINUES TO ACQUIRE SALES OFFICES WITH PURCHASE OF FLORIDA ISO (external link) TranslateMedia Joins Demandware LINK to Accelerate Commerce Innovation Categories Apparel (1,555) Art (211) Asset Inventory (142) Auctions (25) Automotive (127) Awards (689) Baby Products (102) Beauty (606) Books (143) Business (7,723) Children (519) Consumer Goods (1,455) Consumer Information (826) Consumer Services (774) Convenience Stores (275) Cosmetics (193) Coupons (214) Discounts (521) E-Commerce (973) Electronics (554) Entertainment (391) Environment (353) Equipment (208) Fashion (1,288) Financial (1,828) Food & Beverage (2,243) Fragrances (100) Furniture (169) Games (91) Gifts (758) Grocery (2,138) Healthcare (757) Home & Garden (424) Home Decor (530) Human Resources (387) Jewelry (217) Kiosks (23) Law (209) Loss Prevention (22) Malls (333) Management (8,389) Marketing (3,810) Merchant Services (121) Mobile (174) Mobile Point of Sale (20) Mystery Shopping (2) Online Retailers (1,517) Online Shopping (1,380) Outlet (348) Overstock (1) Pet Products (118) Philanthropy (854) Point of Purchase Displays (40) PR (812) Restaurants (423) Retail (12,631) Retail Clubs (25) Retail Design (136) Retail Services (544) Retail Software (341) Retail Solutions (274) Retail Trade Consulting (56) Retailer (11,658) Safety Products (79) Savings (266) Shopping (831) Shops (913) SPA Products (18) Sports (310) Store Fixtures (114) Supply Chain (36) Technology (798) Toys (173) Trade-in (39) Transportation & Logistics (47) Travel (28) Uncategorized (39) Vending (17) Recent PRs Schnucks: Sierra Nevada recalls select 12-oz. bottles of their beer that may contain small pieces of glass January 24, 2017 Dixons Carphone plc releases Christmas 2016/17 Trading and Management Update January 24, 2017 Carphone Warehouse’s 4G mobile network iD Mobile reaches 500,000 contract customers January 24, 2017 Cabela’s Incorporated to release 4Q and full year 2016 financial results on Thursday, February 16, 2017 January 24, 2017 Michael Kors Holdings Limited to report its 3Q FY 2017 financial results on Tuesday, February 7, 2017 January 24, 2017 NCR Corporation to release its 4Q and full-year 2016 financial results on Thursday, February 9, 2017 January 24, 2017 Alibaba becomes the official “Cloud Services” and “E-Commerce Platform Services” Partner of the Olympic Channel January 24, 2017 Alibaba Cloud, National University of Singapore and EZ-Link to boost Singapore’s smart computing and data-driven capabilities January 24, 2017 Kroger family of stores to fill 10,000 permanent positions in its supermarket divisions January 24, 2017 “All is Love” with Stella McCartney’s Summer 2017 ad campaign January 24, 2017 Diebold Nixdorf awarded as one of Northeast Ohio’s top corporate deal makers by ACG Cleveland January 24, 2017 Rakuten and Marubeni Power Retail Corporation to enhance their services for low-voltage power users January 24, 2017 GameStop raised more than $2.4 million during its 2016 holiday fundraising campaign for Make-A-Wish® January 24, 2017 Prada opens its second store in Manila, Philippines January 24, 2017 Lenta Ltd. to release its sales and operating results for 4Q and full year of 2016 on 26th January 2017 January 24, 2017 Lenta signs agreements with ADG Group for 36 locations of future Lenta supermarkets in Moscow January 24, 2017 LEGER UTEN GRENSER OG NORGESGRUPPEN FORLENGER SAMARBEIDET January 24, 2017 NorgesGruppen: NY SATSING FOR DOLLY DIMPLE’S January 24, 2017 NorgesGruppen bli deleier i SVENSK DAGLIGVARESELSKAP Eurocash med 49% eierandel January 24, 2017 MIGROS: NEUE «MÄRITHALLE» AUF DEM BISHERIGEN MARKTHALLENAREAL January 24, 2017 Archives January 2017 (340) December 2016 (412) November 2016 (666) October 2016 (633) September 2016 (693) August 2016 (589) July 2016 (508) June 2016 (344) May 2016 (366) April 2016 (341) March 2016 (317) February 2016 (308) January 2016 (331) December 2015 (423) November 2015 (496) October 2015 (544) September 2015 (491) August 2015 (285) July 2015 (219) June 2015 (182) May 2015 (146) April 2015 (195) March 2015 (219) February 2015 (164) January 2015 (170) December 2014 (156) November 2014 (182) October 2014 (208) September 2014 (222) August 2014 (158) July 2014 (166) June 2014 (179) May 2014 (159) April 2014 (191) March 2014 (184) February 2014 (187) January 2014 (125) December 2013 (2) November 2013 (1) October 2013 (2) September 2013 (2) August 2013 (3) July 2013 (4) June 2013 (6) May 2013 (8) April 2013 (6) March 2013 (6) February 2013 (14) January 2013 (12) December 2012 (16) November 2012 (18) October 2012 (21) September 2012 (11) August 2012 (9) July 2012 (7) June 2012 (12) May 2012 (29) April 2012 (34) March 2012 (36) February 2012 (35) January 2012 (25) December 2011 (35) November 2011 (52) October 2011 (47) September 2011 (35) August 2011 (43) July 2011 (41) June 2011 (33) May 2011 (26) April 2011 (40) March 2011 (36) February 2011 (24) January 2011 (17) December 2010 (33) November 2010 (30) October 2010 (31) September 2010 (41) August 2010 (28) July 2010 (36) June 2010 (40) May 2010 (32) April 2010 (29) March 2010 (33) February 2010 (29) January 2010 (21) December 2009 (31) November 2009 (37) October 2009 (26) September 2009 (21) August 2009 (16) July 2009 (14) June 2009 (17) May 2009 (14) April 2009 (11) March 2009 (12) February 2009 (15) January 2009 (10) December 2008 (23) November 2008 (25) October 2008 (34) September 2008 (24) August 2008 (12) Blogroll Amazon.com Comparison Shopping Blog Consumerist Cooper’s Retail Blog Delight Discount Store News Display & Design Ideas EPR Food & Beverage News EPR Retail News @ Feedburner EPR Retail News @ MyBlogLog EPR Retail News @ Technorati European Retail News and Press Releases Free Retail Press Releases Heads-O-R(e)tail JCPenney Kmart L.L. Bean Labelscar: The Retail History Blog Macy’s Merchants News Mighty Goods Shopping Blog Morning News Beat News on Retail Oleg Lazarov Overstock.com Point of Purchase Magazine Real Time Retail Press Release Distribution Retail Contrarian Retail News – Topix Retail Store Blog Retail Systems Retail Technology Blog Retail Week Retail-Blog Retailer News Retailers.com RetailSource RetailWire RT Magazine Sam’s Club Sears, Roebuck and Co. ShoppingBlog.com Stores.org Strange New Products Stylehive Supermarket News Target US Tesco The Curious Shopper Uncrate Wal-Mart WorldWide Retail Exchange © 2008 - 2017 EPR Retail News All Rights Reserved. All trade marks and names are owned by their respective owners. This retail newswire service is a spin-off of, and brought to you by EPR Network LLC. EPR Network LLC. is part of EuropaWireLtd. Terms of Service | Disclaimer | Privacy | Takedown | Copyright | DMCA | RSS | Google+ Powered by WP & theme by Citizen Journal
Home News Local News Ohio News Pennsylvania News National & World Entertainment News Live Stream Mr. Food Recipes Sign-up Text Alerts Sign-up Email Alerts JobsNOW 27 Investigates 27 Investigates Report It Weather Forecast Radar Closings Weather Alerts Weather cameras Sign-up Text Alerts Sign-up Email Alerts Sports Sports Headlines Scores Game of the Week The Big Game Big 22 Diamond Kings Starting Five Report It Community Community Events Caring For Our Community Community Calendar Breast Cancer Awareness Heroin Crisis Mental Health More About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Jobs News Team Watch CBS Shows Watch FOX Shows WKBN/FOX TV Schedule Tributes 37° F Overcast Hi: 40° F Lo: 35° F Youngstown Radar Current Conditions Satellite Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Ohio News Pennsylvania News National & World Entertainment News Live Stream Mr. Food Recipes Sign-up Text Alerts Sign-up Email Alerts JobsNOW Latest Headlines 2 adults, 2 teenagers charged with attack of teen in Warren Updated: 10 mins ago Police said the victim was hospitalized after he was assaulted by the group. Police: 3 people killed in Youngstown crash Updated: 34 mins ago The road is closed between from Albert Street and Logangate Road, according to police. 2 charged with robbery of Pizza Joe’s in Boardman Updated: 58 mins ago Truck hauling construction debris flips over in New Waterford 12:42 pm Defendant pleads not guilty to harassing Youngstown firefighters Updated: 52 mins ago 27 Investigates 27 Investigates Report It Weather Weather Forecast Radar Closings Weather Alerts Weather cameras Sign-up Text Alerts Sign-up Email Alerts Current Conditions 37° F Overcast Feels Like: 30° F Wind: W 10 Humidity: 93% Dewpoint: 35° F Sunrise: 7:40 AM Sunset: 5:29 PM Youngstown Weather Interactive Radar Sponsored by: Sports Sports Sports Headlines Scores Game of the Week The Big Game Big 22 Diamond Kings Starting Five Latest Headlines Former Browns QB Manziel deletes Twitter account after advice to Trump 2:24 pm Johnny Manziel deleted his Twitter account after sending expletive-laden messages telling President Donald Trump to ignore twitter comments. Steelers QB Roethlisberger not ruling out retirement 2:12 pm Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Ben Roethlisberger isn’t sure he’ll be back in 2017. In interview, Fox Sports reporter Erin Andrews announces cancer diagnosis 11:58 am Jones, Holiday lead Pelicans past Cavs 124-122 12:11 am Ursuline product Durkin transferring to YSU 9:22 am Report It Community Community Events Caring For Our Community Community Calendar Breast Cancer Awareness Heroin Crisis Mental Health More About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Jobs News Team Watch CBS Shows Watch FOX Shows WKBN/FOX TV Schedule Tributes Search for: Search the site 37° F Overcast Hi: 40° F Lo: 35° F Storm Team 27: Not as warm Wednesday By Paul Wetzl Published: January 17, 2017, 11:09 pm Updated: January 18, 2017, 2:42 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio (WKBN)- WHAT WE’RE TRACKING Temperatures will dip into the upper 30’s by morning.  There is a risk for a few showers through early Wednesday.  A small chance for a wet snowflake too.  Look for the showers to taper off by afternoon with temperatures near 40.  Better weather will return Thursday with more rain by Friday.  Above normal temperatures are expected into the weekend. Forecast Wednesday:   Chance showers early.  Mostly cloudy.  (40%) High:   40 Wednesday night:   Mostly cloudy. Low:   32 Thursday:   Becoming partly cloudy. High:   46 Friday:  Mostly cloudy.  Scattered rain showers.  (70%) High:   46    Low:   33 Saturday:  Mostly cloudy. High:   54   Low:   40 Sunday:  Partly sunny.  Chance for showers late day.  (40%) High:   56   Low:   40 Monday:  Rain showers likely.  (70%) High:   52    Low:  43 Tuesday:   Chance for showers.  (30%) High:   49    Low:   38 Wednesday:   Partly sunny.  Chance for showers late day.  (20%) High:   53    Low:   40 WKBN is your source for the Valley’s latest weather information. Download our app for Apple and Android devices and sign up for weather text alerts. Share this: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to send this to your Kindle device (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Related Posts Storm Team 27: AM rain, mostly cloudy Storm Team 27: Cooler air slides in tonight Storm Team 27: Another mild day Storm Team 27: Mostly cloudy Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WKBN 27 First News provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. No links will be permitted. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Advertisement Most Popular Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WKBN.com © 1998-2017 WKBN.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc | All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Section News Weather Sports MyValleyDeals MyValleyDining Tributes Station Contact Us Text Alerts Email Alerts WKBN news app WKBN weather app ION Television LAFF Get TV Admin Business Closed Captioning FCC Public File (WKBN) WKBN EEO Report WKBN FCC 398 Children’s Report Privacy Policy Terms of Use Nexstar Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram X Our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Have Changed Important Notice About Our Privacy Policy: We have modified our Privacy Policy to update and clarify our data collection, use, and disclosure practices. By using this site, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Watch live: First News at 5 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Menu National Change Location Change Location Select Location BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? TV News Programs Newscasts & Videos Global National Global National The West Block The Morning Show More … Personalities Video Centre Go Topics World Canada Local Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? Politics Smart Living Money Entertainment Health Tech Science Sports Video Contests Live Like Follow Tech January 17, 2017 11:18 pm Mississippi sues Google for allegedly violating student privacy By Jeff Amy The Associated Press ; The Google logo on the newly-opened Google Office in the Sihlpost Building in Zurich, Switzerland on Jan. 18 2017. EPA/WALTER BIERI What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' editorial staff without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... What is this ? X What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... - A A + Listen Mississippi’s Democratic attorney general is once again tangling with Google, alleging in a lawsuit that the company is illegally violating student privacy, even as some Republicans seek to muzzle his ability to file such civil suits. Attorney General Jim Hood sued the California-based computer giant Friday in Lowndes County Chancery Court. In a news conference Tuesday, Hood said Google is breaking Mississippi consumer protection law by selling ads using data from services it provides to schools. READ MORE: Appeals court rules Mississippi can resume Google inquiry “They’re building a profile so they can advertise to them,” Hood said. “They expressly stated in writing that they would not do that.” Google did not immediately respond Tuesday to an email from The Associated Press inquiring about the lawsuit. Hood said a test involving a student account from the state-run Mississippi School of Math and Science in Columbus showed ads targeted to previous searches. The attorney general wants a judge to order Google, a unit of Alphabet Inc., to stop the practice. What Canadians Googled the most in 2016 01:19 What Canadians Googled the most in 2016 02:18 BIV: New Canadian travel numbers, Google retail shop opens in Vancouver 04:14 Tech: Google rolls out new products 00:25 Google ranks Toronto among top 5 researched travel destinations 03:15 Google Trekker exploring Alberta The suit says Google could be fined up to $10,000 for each of its student accounts in Mississippi. With half the state’s school districts using Google’s email, calendar and other online services, that amount could top $1 billion. Hood sent a letter to local school superintendents Friday asking them to preserve evidence to help with the lawsuit. He’s advising parents to consult their local school systems. “When you give a written contract and you don’t follow it and you mine the data, then it’s a violation of the Mississippi Consumer Protection Act. It’s an unfair and deceptive trade practice,” he said. In this March 23, 2010, file photo, the Google logo is seen at the Google headquarters in Brussels. THE CANADIAN PRESS/AP Photo/Virginia Mayo Story continues below Google sued Hood in 2014, saying his wide-ranging attempts to investigate whether Google was aiding music pirating and illegal drug sales were illegal. The U.S. Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals ruled in April that Hood’s inquiry is legal. Hood said Tuesday that the investigation continues but denied that he was motivated by personal animus against Google. “You make decisions based on the facts and the law and you set emotions aside,” Hood said. Some Mississippi Republicans continue to try to trim Hood’s ability to file civil lawsuits without outside permission, part of a long-running Republican perception that Hood pursues civil lawsuits in part to provide income to plaintiffs’ lawyers who politically support him. Hood said outside lawyers brought the student privacy issue to him after publicity about his earlier dispute with Google. READ MORE: Yahoo email scanning: Apple, Google, Microsoft say they’d fight similar requests in court A committee in the Republican-led House Tuesday passed House Bill 555 , which would require a three-person panel of the governor, lieutenant governor and secretary of state to approve plans to file any civil lawsuit where the state could win more than $250,000. That panel is supposed to approve hiring outside lawyers for big lawsuits but has never met, because Hood has instead hired lawyers according to a pre-set fee schedule that an earlier law allows as an alternative. The bill to limit Hood’s powers now moves to the full House. Similar measures have failed in previous years. House Judiciary A Committee Chairman Mark Baker, a Brandon Republican, said Hood’s use of civil lawsuits is a “rampant abuse” of his role. This Thursday, Jan. 3, 2013, file photo shows Google’s headquarters in Mountain View, Calif. Alphabet Inc., the parent company of Google, reports financial results Thursday, Oct. 27, 2016. AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez, File “Every lawsuit that he files is a declaration of public policy” Baker said. “We’re the legislators, the setters of public policy. He’s the lawyer. He’s not also the client.” Hood, though, said efforts to limit his power violate the state’s Constitution. The attorney general’s victories have contributed tens of millions of dollars to patch state budget holes in recent years. For example, Mississippi will gain $25 million from a settlement with New York-based Moody’s Corp., over credit ratings the company assigned to various securities before the financial crisis. Last year, Hood collected about $55 million from lawsuits against large companies. © 2017 The Canadian Press Report an error Google google lawsuit google lawsuit mississippi google lawsuit mississippi student privacy google mississippi google mississippi lawsuit google mississippi suit google suit mississippi lawsuit google mississippi lawsuit google Editor's Picks Commentary Time for Canada to hit Trump with the strategic schmooze reserve Politics Here’s why the picture of Donald Trump’s inauguration did not undersell crowd size Commentary The new era of 'alternative facts' World Trump’s inaugural address set apart from Obama, Bush by protectionist theme, dark imagery Canada Kevin O'Leary: 'If I don't deliver a majority mandate in 2019, fire me' Commentary Trump sets NATO on edge, but he's got a valid point to make Canada How this proposed US tax change could seriously hurt the Canadian economy FLYERS More Weekly Flyers Comments Popular Now Donald Trump says 3 to 5 million illegal ballots cast in U.S. election: reports 75927 2017 Oscar nominations: Full list of 89th Academy Awards nominees 48789 Piers Morgan, Ewan McGregor feud gets nastier after new op-ed column 46651 B.C. foreign buyers tax really did yank down Vancouver home prices: BMO 29405 Here’s why the picture of Donald Trump’s inauguration did not undersell crowd size 20708 Sponsored content Popular Videos ‘Rings’ movie prank scares the pants off shoppers WATCH NOW ‘SNL’ takes golden opportunity to mock Trump defending against ‘pee-pee party’ allegations WATCH NOW Douglas Garland triple murder trial wraps up first week with footwear/footprint expert testimony WATCH NOW Shirtless Vladimir Putin visits Donald Trump for Christmas on ‘SNL’ WATCH NOW ‘SNL’ mocks Trump’s compulsive Twitter habit WATCH NOW Popular Now Donald Trump says 3 to 5 million illegal ballots cast in U.S. election: reports 75927 2017 Oscar nominations: Full list of 89th Academy Awards nominees 48789 Piers Morgan, Ewan McGregor feud gets nastier after new op-ed column 46651 B.C. foreign buyers tax really did yank down Vancouver home prices: BMO 29405 Here’s why the picture of Donald Trump’s inauguration did not undersell crowd size 20708 Sponsored content Popular Videos ‘Rings’ movie prank scares the pants off shoppers WATCH NOW ‘SNL’ takes golden opportunity to mock Trump defending against ‘pee-pee party’ allegations WATCH NOW Douglas Garland triple murder trial wraps up first week with footwear/footprint expert testimony WATCH NOW Shirtless Vladimir Putin visits Donald Trump for Christmas on ‘SNL’ WATCH NOW ‘SNL’ mocks Trump’s compulsive Twitter habit WATCH NOW Jump to a Region BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS Contact Us Global News About Us Privacy Policy Principles & Practices Terms & Conditions Copyright Corus Entertainment Advertise Branded Content Open Data © 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.
Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Travel Football Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News Business Health And Fitness Podcast Latest News Budget 2017 Gossip Compare India Australian Open Hockey League #SWAGphoneHonor6X Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports All Sections LIVE TV Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Travel Football Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News Business Health And Fitness Podcast Latest NewsBudget 2017GossipCompare IndiaAustralian OpenHockey League#SWAGphoneHonor6X Latest News Budget 2017 Gossip Compare India Australian Open Hockey League #SWAGphoneHonor6X Qualcomm Sued by US Antitrust Agency Over Patent Licensing IT Firm Cyient Acquires US-based Certon Software Samsung Announces Enhanced Battery Safety Measures Bharti Airtel Q3 Net Profit Drops 55 Percent: All You Need to Know News18 » Tech 2-min read Qualcomm Sued by US Antitrust Agency Over Patent Licensing Reuters First published: January 18, 2017, 9:07 AM IST | Updated: 6 days ago Qualcomm has faced a series of antitrust rulings and investigations from regulators across the globe. (Image: Reuters) The U.S. Federal Trade Commission filed a lawsuit against Qualcomm Inc on Tuesday, accusing the company of using "anticompetitive" tactics to maintain its monopoly on a key semiconductor used in mobile phones. Read more: Reliance Jio Effect: Vodafone Offering 4GB Data for The Price of 1GB and More The FTC, which works with the Justice Department to enforce antitrust law, said that San Diego-based Qualcomm used its dominant position as a supplier of certain phone chips to impose "onerous" supply and licensing terms on cellphone manufacturers and to weaken competitors. Read more: Samsung Chief Jay Lee Arrives for Hearing on Arrest Warrant Qualcomm said in a statement that it would "vigorously contest" the complaint and denied FTC allegations that it threatened to withhold chips in order to collect unreasonable licensing fees. Qualcomm shares fell 4 percent to $64.19 on Tuesday. Read more: Bose SoundTouch 300, LifeStyle 600, 650 Home Entertainment Systems Arrive in India The complaint is likely the agency's last major action under current Democratic Chairwoman Edith Ramirez, who will step down Feb. 10, and comes just days before U.S. President-elect Donald Trump takes office on Friday. Trump is expected to name Republican Commissioner Maureen Ohlhausen as acting FTC chairwoman and will fill three vacancies that will reshape the agency. Ramirez and fellow Democrat Terrell McSweeny voted to approve the complaint but Ohlhausen dissented, saying that the lawsuit was based on a "flawed legal theory ... that lacks economic and evidentiary support." In its complaint, the FTC said the patents that Qualcomm sought to license are standard essential patents, which means that the industry uses them widely and they are supposed to be licensed on fair, reasonable and non-discriminatory terms. The FTC complaint also accused Qualcomm of refusing to license some standard essential patents to rival chipmakers, and of entering into an exclusive deal with Apple Inc. "Qualcomm's customers have accepted elevated royalties and other license terms that do not reflect an assessment of terms that a court or other neutral arbiter would determine to be fair and reasonable," the FTC said in its complaint. The FTC asked the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California in San Jose to order Qualcomm to end these practices. For its part, Qualcomm accused the FTC of a last-minute dash to court. "This is an extremely disappointing decision to rush to file a complaint on the eve of Chairwoman Ramirez's departure and the transition to a new administration," Don Rosenberg, Qualcomm general counsel, said in a statement. "We look forward to defending our business in federal court, where we are confident we will prevail." The company has faced a series of antitrust rulings and investigations from regulators across the globe. South Korea's antitrust regulator fined Qualcomm Inc 1.03 trillion won ($854 million) in December for what it called unfair practices in patent licensing, a decision the U.S. chipmaker said it will challenge in court. In February 2015, Qualcomm paid a $975 million fine in China following a 14-month probe, while the European Union in December 2015 accused it of abusing its market power to thwart rivals. Patent Licensing Qualcomm Sued technology news US Antitrust Agency Recommended For You Pacer Sreesanth Denied NOC to Play in Scotland League Oscars 2017: La La Land Leads Academy Award Nominations Oscars 2017: La La Land to Moana; Listen to the Nominees of Best Original Score Raees vs Kaabil: Hrithik Roshan Challenges the Khan Supremacy in Bollywood Yamaha FZ 25 Launched at Rs 1.19 lakh, Gets a 249cc Engine and Bold Styling About Us Privacy Policy Disclaimer Contact Us Sitemap Complaint Redressal Advertise With Us sections India Lifestyle States Tech Politics Auto Sports iVideos Football Power Circuit Latest News News Wrap: Catch The Day's Top Stories Is Kejriwal The Angriest Politician in India Relations With China Normal, Boundary Issue Talks on: Rijiju I-League 2017: Mohun Bagan Held to a Goalless Draw by DSK Shivajians Watch: Talking Point With Zakka Jacob Watch LIVE From Network18 News18 India CricketNext News18 States Pradesh18 Bangla News Gujarati News Urdu News Marathi News Topper Moneycontrol Firstpost CompareIndia History India MTV India In.com Burrp CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2016 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP, displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of NEWS18.com does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved.
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jan 24, 4:03 PM CST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology ZTE Officially Announces Full Specifics Of Hawkeye, Its First Crowdsourced Smartphone By Ken Manbert Salcedo On 01/17/17 AT 10:37 PM Close Phone maker ZTE has officially announced the specifications for Hawkeye, the company’s first crowdsourced Android smartphone. Back in 2016, ZTE opened Project Crowd Source X (CSX), a new way of making a smartphone. The company asked customers exactly what they want on a new phone through suggestions and by voting on polls. The people who participated in the project have decided that the Hawkeye will come with eye-tracking technology and a self-adhesive shell on its back. At CES 2017, ZTE didn’t give out much details on the Hawkeye, but the company did show off what the final product will look like. Earlier this week, ZTE pulled the curtain off of the project and listed the upcoming smartphone’s full specifications. The ZTE Hawkeye will have a 5.5-inch full HD 1080p display, a Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 processor with 3GB of RAM, 32 GB of internal storage and a 3,000 mAh battery. The device also has a microSD card slot allowing users to expand storage up to 256GB. Related Stories Android Nougat And Project CSX Updates Among ZTE CES 2017 Announcements ZTE Crowdsourced Project CSX Selects Three Ideas For Development On the back is a fingerprint scanner and  a dual-camera setup. It’s a combination of 12MP and a 13MP cameras which come with optical zoom, a feature that’s also found on Apple’s iPhone 7 Plus. Up front, the ZTE Hawkeye is equipped with an 8MP shooter. Other features include Android Nougat, Qualcomm Quick Charge 2.0 via USB Type-C, NFC and Hi-Fi Audio. ZTE says that the delay on providing the full specs of the Hawkeye was due to the time it took to gauge user feedback, according to TechCrunch. Prototype of the ZTE Hawkeye. Photo: ZTE USA Customers will be able to get the ZTE Hawkeye if they pledge $199 or more on the company’s Kickstart page. The $199 price tag will only be available for a limited time. ZTE says that the device should start shipping in September 2017, but the final release date is subject to change. Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business How Many Cars Are Made In America? The simple, straightforward question has a convoluted answer. Technology Why The NFL Uses The Microsoft Surface Pro During Games Microsoft Surface Pro tablets have received criticism from Bill Belichick and other prominent members of the NFL. However, they have continuously improved efficiency and increased the options for in game adjustments. World French Mosque To Remain Closed Over 'Jihad' Fears A French court ruled the Al Rawda mosque stay closed until the end July, when the country’s state of emergency ends. National Is The Tech World Woman-Friendly? Yes And No, Study Finds Tech companies have an image problem with women. But when it comes to some employee policies, they are top places for women to work. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
News Deals Cell Phone Plans Apps & Games Reviews The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Advertise Newsletter VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Huawei Mate 9 Honor Magic Galaxy S7 edge Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: Qualcomm charged by US government with anti-competitive practices Newsby John Callaham7 days ago 13 258 5 Qualcomm is going to have to deal with a new court battle, this time brought on by the US government. In this case, the US Federal Trade Commission has charged the chip maker with engaging in anti-competitive practices surrounding its baseband processor products. See also: Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 versus Apple A10 Fusion December 2, 2016 In its complaint, the FTC said Qualcomm forced smartphone and other device makers to agree to its license terms in order to gain access to its baseband processor products. The FTC called it a “no license, no chips” policy that it claims forces smartphone makers to pay higher royalty fees to Qualcomm if they wanted to use a competitor’s baseband processors. It added: “No license, no chips” is a condition that other suppliers of semiconductor devices do not impose. The risk of losing access to Qualcomm baseband processors is too great for a cell phone manufacturer to bear because it would preclude the manufacturer from selling phones for use on important cellular networks. The FTC complaint added that Qualcomm has failed to offer its standard patents to competing baseband companies under fair, reasonable, and non-discriminatory (FRAND) terms. Finally, the government claims Qualcomm kept a specific phone company, Apple, from using any competing baseband processors in its devices from 2011 to 2016. In its own statement, Qualcomm claimed the company has “never withheld or threatened to withhold chip supply in order to obtain agreement to unfair or unreasonable licensing terms.” It also seemed to suggest the FTC’s decision to take the company to court was politically motivated, as it was made just a few days before the start of a new administration. The company claimed such a move “reflects a sharp break from FTC practice.” Qualcomm has already been dealing with similar anti-competitive claims from other countries. Just a few weeks ago, the government of South Korea hit the company with a fine of 1.03 trillion won (around $854 million), claiming it charged royalties to smartphone companies for several unnecessary patents. Qualcomm says it will be appealing the fine in court. What are your thoughts on the situation? Let us know down in the comments.   News Qualcomm Qualcomm  FTC, Qualcomm John Callaham Deals 88% Unblock All: Lifetime Subscription $313 $39 88% PureVPN: Lifetime Subscription $597 $69 80% Brain.fm: Lifetime Subscription $199.99 $39 Pay What You Want: Learn to Code 2017 Bundle $1,573.00 $35 Show 13 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Bluetooth Speaker soundguys   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2016 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   Honor 6X International Giveaway! 2 days ago2196 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Latest News   Acer and ASUS to launch new 2-in-1 Chromebooks for schools 10 seconds ago   Would you buy a phone with a physical keyboard? [Poll of the Week] 40 minutes ago   New Galaxy S8 rumors: April 21 launch date, rear-mounted fingerprint sensor a... 1 hour ago   BlackBerry ‘Mercury’ will be shown off at MWC on February 25 2 hours ago   If Lineage OS install numbers are anything to go by, OnePlus is the new Nexus 2 hours ago Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Advertise Newsletter Your source for all things Android! About Contact Advertise Newsletter © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
India obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu DYNAMIC POWERHOUSE Bangalore tops a new list of the world’s fastest-changing cities Written by Ananya Bhattacharya Obsession Borders January 17, 2017 Quartz india Banglore is on top of technological innovation, housing affordability and environmental considerations. (AP Photo/Aijaz Rahi) Share Written by Ananya Bhattacharya Obsession Borders January 17, 2017 Quartz india To remain competitive in today’s economic landscape, cities have to keep innovating and adjusting to constantly changing circumstances. Bangalore, India’s tech hub (now officially called “Bengaluru”), appears to be willing to refashion itself to thrive. It’s now the world’s fastest-changing city, triumphing over established global IT capitals like Silicon Valley and London, according to the JLL City Momentum Index. The index tracks 42 indicators, including socio-economic factors like gross domestic product, air quality, and foreign direct investment; real estate momentum measured by construction, rents, and investment; and technological prowess in terms of access to education and environment quality. It considers 134 established and emerging business hubs in order to determine which urban economies are most likely to “embrace rapid change.” In this year’s edition of the annual assessment—the fourth so far—India as a whole came to the fore. “India has taken over from China as home to some of the world’s most dynamic cities,” JLL said in a press release. India houses six of the most dynamic cities, compared to China’s five. Overall, Asia-Pacific cities comprise half of the top 30 fastest-changing metropolises. World’s Most Dynamic Cities, JLL City Momentum Index 1. Bangalore (India) 2. Ho Chi Minh City (Vietnam) 3. Silicon Valley (USA) 4. Shanghai (China) 5. Hyderabad (India) 6. London (UK) 7. Hanoi (Vietnam) 8. Austin (USA) 9. Boston (USA) 10. Nairobi (Kenya) 11. Dubai (UAE) 12. Melbourne (Australia) 13. Pune (India) 14. New York (USA) 15. Beijing (China) 16. Sydney (Australia) 17. Chennai (India) 18. Paris (France) 19. Manila(Philippines) 20. Seattle (USA) 21. San Francisco (USA) 22. Shenzhen (China) 23. Delhi (India) 24. Raleigh Durham (USA) 25. Mumbai (India) 26. Hangzhou (China) 27. Los Angeles (USA) 28. Dublin (Ireland) 29. Nanjing (China) 30. Stockholm (Sweden) “With 40% of India’s IT industry located in [Bengaluru], the presence of international IT giants, together with the largest number of high-tech start-ups of any Indian city, are contributing to entrepreneurial growth,”JLL’s director of global research, Jeremy Kelly, told the Hindu after the city came in fourth on last year’s list. Throughout 2016, international giants such as Amazon, Apple, and Salesforce set up shop in Bengaluru, which was already home to established domestic firms, like Infosys, homegrown unicorns like ride-hailing app Ola and other startups such as on-demand grocer Big Basket and secondhand e-retailer Quikr. Bengaluru’s commercial real estate market has been the busiest in the country, reaching just 3% office space vacancy in mid-2016. Some metropolitan cities may be technologically adept but are hampered by infrastructure, environment, and government impediments. For instance, San Francisco fell out of the top 20 for the first time, and Hong Kong didn’t even make the top 30 list, both due to space constraints and unaffordable costs of living, the World Economic Forum (WEF) said in its assessment of JLL’s ranking. Smog-plagued Delhi and Beijing, which are ranked among the world’s most polluted cities by the World Health Organization, were “hindered by poor environmental scores,” the WEF noted. In the coming year, protectionism, nationalism, environmental degradation, and public safety could impact the Indian cities on the list—even Bengaluru. With local companies calling to keep out the likes of Amazon and Uber and the recent the New Year’s Eve mass molestation debacle, Bengaluru will need to work hard to retain the top spot—especially since it may no longer be a startup favorite. In the first half of 2016, Delhi attracted almost twice as much startup funding as Bengaluru, as well as six of the 10 largest overall startup investments made in India in that same period. Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Lynx MN United Gophers Colleges Golf Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev Gov. Dayton diagnosed with prostate cancer Trump clears way for Dakota Access, Keystone pipelines Mpls. officer charged with felony assault for shooting at car Officer testifies that he exchanged 'racially charged' texts with accused protest shooter Charges filed for protesters who dropped banner from U.S. Bank Stadium ceiling Twin Cities metro spelling bee saved again by 11th-hour sponsor Bill cracking down on protests moves forward after heated hearing 'Row the Boat' – Fleck's mantra – reportedly will be shipped to U of M Up to 4 inches of snow forecast for Twin Cities, with more to south Oscars so inclusive: This year's list sets a record for nominees of color Five Ricky Rubio trades that might actually make sense next Gophers 411016375 From the heart: Jarvis Johnson, father helping each other through major health issues Their roles reversed, the U's Jarvis Johnson now aids father with rehab  By Marcus Fuller Star Tribune January 18, 2017 — 7:57am Richard Tsong-Taatarii, Richard Tsong-Taatarii Curtis Johnson enjoyed the visit from his son, Jarvis at the Courage Kenny Rehabilitation Institute. Curtis has since moved into a more independent facility. Text size comment share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint As a few hundred fans gathered at DeLaSalle for the Twin Cities Pro-Am championship last August, Curtis Johnson found his favorite team warming up in its black uniforms and pulled up next to them in his wheelchair. Players beamed as they greeted him after finishing their layups. Few people outside family had seen Johnson in the months since a stroke and complications that followed nearly killed him. He couldn’t walk or live on his own. His days were mostly spent at a rehab facility in Golden Valley, working hard to get back home. Curtis’ son knows exactly what his father is going through. Jarvis Johnson was near death when his heart stopped for more than 10 minutes after suffering cardiac arrest in eighth grade. Then 13 years old, he recovered, had a defibrillator implanted and enjoyed a stellar prep career at DeLaSalle, becoming the first player in Minnesota boys’ basketball history to start on four consecutive state championship teams. Before Amir Coffey and Michael Hurt, local freshmen on this year’s Gophers basketball team, there was Jarvis Johnson. He was Richard Pitino’s first recruit from Minnesota. But he was not cleared to play by the university medical staff because of his heart condition. REN&#xc9;E JONES SCHNEIDER &#x2022; reneejones@startribune.com Johnson, a top-100 basketball recruit at DeLaSalle, wasn’t cleared to play for the U because of a heart condition. Still, there Jarvis was this summer, leaping effortlessly for an alley-oop dunk with his dad sitting near the sideline, thinking that was just like he used to do it back in the day. Curtis hadn’t seen Jarvis play since the Islanders’ won their fourth state title in a row in 2015. “I was talking to my dad about it the whole time,” Jarvis said. “That was the highlight of my whole summer, probably the whole year.” In the face of another tragedy, Jarvis and his family have been there to help his father along the long road back to recovery — the scary moments that came immediately after, the tough times as rehab began and the brighter days now and still to come. Jarvis’ strength became his dad’s strength, especially when Curtis took his first few steps using a cane last fall. When his father made progress one day with pool therapy, Jarvis caught him on camera with a big smile, flashing a peace sign. The picture wound up on Jarvis’ Instagram page, with the message: “Honestly got chills after seeing my pops happy like this.” On many afternoons, Jarvis made his father’s day just wheeling him around the hallways of his rehab facility, sometimes taking selfies of them. They talked about school and basketball. Curtis often proudly wore a maroon Gophers hoodie. “You miss playing?” he would ask his son. “For sure,” Jarvis always answered. When the Johnson family got together for dinner last weekend, Curtis was overwhelmed by emotions and Jarvis had to tell him to “take a nap.” “It’s funny because they’ve flipped roles now,” said Jarvis’ mother, Tanisha. “It’s like Jarvis has become the dad.” More than six years after father helped son overcome obstacles with his health scare to fulfill dreams of becoming a high school basketball star, now it’s son encouraging father that it’s going to be another “minor setback” before a “major comeback.” “We talk a good amount,” Jarvis said. “A major factor that helped me was the family factor. It’s easier for me to connect with my dad because I was in the same position. I tell him every day to just push. I tell him, ‘I know it’s hard, but pain is temporary. You’re going to be fine if you put in the hard work.’ ” Blindsided On the cold hospital room floor at Hennepin County Medical Center a year ago next month, Jarvis lay shaking with his face drenched in tears. His father on most days was vibrant, cracking jokes, making him smile — never quiet, that was for sure. But on this Sunday night, Curtis was unconscious in a hospital bed with a respirator breathing for him. “It really didn’t click in my mind that a stroke would put him in a situation like that,” Jarvis said. “I was just thinking, ‘This is out of control.’ ” The night before, Jarvis’ mother was out of town, accompanying a friend who wanted to attend her son’s basketball game at South Dakota State. Tanisha, almost to Brookings, S.D., was about to text home when she received a frantic call. Her husband had suffered a massive stroke. Jarvis and his older brother, Tysean, were on their way to a Timberwolves game after being invited by guard Tyus Jones, a family friend. Seanna, Jarvis’ sister, was on a plane back to Ames after her Iowa State team got clobbered by 37 points at Baylor. Iowa State coaches had messages from Seanna’s mom when they landed. They told her to call home while the team was still at the airport. “It was really scary because they didn’t think he was going to make it through the night,” Seanna said. “I was wondering if I should go home that night. But my mom told me, don’t worry about it and just fly back early the next morning.” Tysean got to the hospital to find out a critical decision on craniotomy surgery had to be made. He told his mother as calmly as he could over the phone, “It’s a life or death situation.” His father’s brain was bleeding. “He said, ‘Mom, you’re the only one who can say yes or no,’ ” Tanisha said. “We only had seconds or he could die. We’re working with time. I told him, ‘If it’s going to save his life, go ahead and do it.’ ” After surgery, Curtis was sedated when Jarvis first saw him. The youngest in the family, the one who once had his family sob over his hospital bed, crumpled to the floor. “I’ve never seen him without [him] being a funny guy, always laughing and loud,” Jarvis said. “Just seeing that kind of threw everything off. It put me in total shock.” Road to recovery In March 2016, Pitino told Jarvis, a non-playing member on the Gophers roster, to stay home to be with his family instead of going with the team to the Big Ten tournament in Indianapolis. A month later, Curtis needed an emergency surgery to remove his appendix and nearly died from an infection. The right side of his body was partly paralyzed. Some feeling slowly returned. His speech went from incomprehensible to well enough to carry on conversations. His memory is still unreliable at times. “It’s going to be a long road,” Tanisha said last fall. “But it’s not something we haven’t been through before.” As a teenage mom, she had to take care of herself for a year before Curtis, playing basketball at Wisconsin-River Falls, dropped out of college to help raise Tysean. Less than two weeks after Jarvis arrived at Children’s Hospital in 2010, he learned how to walk and talk again. Curtis’ progress was slower. Six months after his stroke, he finally was able to move his right hand. Small things such as trimming his mustache (which Jarvis now does for him), gripping a drink or holding utensils are no longer taken for granted. He took his first steps without a cane and moved into an assisted living home in December. He does intense physical therapy five times a week, three times a day. Hourlong pool sessions in the early mornings show him how far he has to go. Curtis, who turned 48 on Dec. 15, could still dunk a few years ago. His hops were passed down to Jarvis. “It’s hard sometimes,” Curtis said. “Because I can’t do some of the things they want me to do now.” “Baby steps,” Jarvis said one afternoon, sitting at his dad’s bedside. “Yeah, but I don’t want to be no baby,” Curtis replied. “It’s all good, though.” Tanisha visited her husband at the rehab facility to get him meals twice a day, once in the morning and again after work at the Agape childhood crisis development center in Minneapolis. Curtis couldn’t make a trip to Ames for his daughter’s first basketball scrimmage when practice started last October. But Jarvis, Tysean and their parents were together at Hilton Coliseum to see Seanna score 21 points in a Dec. 3 overtime loss to Mississippi State. Eight days later, she exploded for a career-high 33 points vs. Northern Illinois. Seanna is third in the Big 12 in scoring, averaging 17.5 points, and leads the Cyclones with eight rebounds per game. She recently moved into 10th in school history with 1,453 career points. “The end of last season was dedicated to [Curtis] and the award I got,” said Seanna, who earned All-Big 12 honors. “Now it’s just helping me have a lot of motivation for my last year.” Still got game In last summer’s Twin Cities Pro-Am championship, Jarvis went head-to-head against Tre Jones, the highly touted Apple Valley junior point guard who Duke is recruiting to follow in another Jones’ footsteps. “He’s still got it,” Tyus said after the title game about Jarvis, his former Howard Pulley AAU teammate. “It’s great to see him getting a chance to play again.” Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, the abnormal thickening of the heart muscle, was the diagnosis for Jarvis in 2010. About 600,000 Americans suffer from HCM; many live normal lives. But with an enlarged heart muscle, blood flow is restricted through the rest of the body. That can cause shortness of breath, chest pain and critical irregularities in the heart’s electrical systems, especially during and after intense exercise. It’s a condition that can kill athletes. Last June, Louisiana-Lafayette incoming freshman guard Herman Williams suddenly collapsed during a workout in his Florida hometown and died shortly after in the hospital, later being diagnosed with HCM. Before playing against the Gophers in their Nov. 11 season opener, the Ragin’ Cajuns began their exhibition game against West Florida with only four starters on the floor to honor Williams. Jarvis’ personal doctors have cleared him to play, as he did this summer in the Pro-Am. Pitino doesn’t know if Jarvis will ever play for the Gophers, but he remains on scholarship and a valued member of the team. “It was obviously very disappointing for everybody that he isn’t able to play,” Pitino said. “But he comes to every practice and all the meetings. He’s attentive. He’s not moping around. That’s a tough situation to be put in. Jarvis is handling it like a pro.” Tysean played basketball at Gustavus and got his degree. Seanna’s career is nearing the end with the Cyclones and she’s close to graduating. Jarvis is the last of the Johnson kids yet to fulfill goals of playing college ball, after once being ranked as a top-100 prep prospect. But his mother’s biggest goal for him now is to finish school. “Does he still want to play? Yeah. Is he learning to accept it? Yes,” Tanisha said. “Even though he doesn’t get to play, it’s not Coach Pitino’s fault. When I’m there and I see how the boys treat Jarvis, how he interacts with the team and Coach Pitino — I couldn’t have picked a better place for him.” The opportunity to transfer is there, but Jarvis is satisfied where he is — still a Gopher, and close to his father as they draw strength from each other. “It wasn’t what I was expecting, you know,” Jarvis said. “But sometimes you get dealt a bad hand. You just got to know how to play the cards.” After watching his brother and father team up for a workout one day, Tysean wrote a heartfelt message on Instagram about how much they inspire him. “They have both been through drastic life-changing events that many people don’t make it through,” he wrote. “Even with the limitations that they both must endure, they don’t allow it to hold them back from living. They don’t mope. They don’t complain. They don’t feel sorry for themselves and they don’t ask for anyone else to either. THEY JUST LIVE LIFE! Remember when you think times are hard, someone always has it harder! These two will always be my heroes.” marcus.fuller@startribune.com Marcus_R_Fuller View Comments Read our comment standards StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. Comments with web links are not permitted. Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting privileges on StarTribune.com. Comments will be reviewed before being published. Powered by Livefyre } More from Star Tribune Gov. Dayton's address cut short by collapse Trump clears way for Dakota Access, Keystone pipelines Officer testifies that he exchanged 'racially charged' texts with accused protest shooter Bill cracking down on protests moves forward after heated hearing Gov. Dayton diagnosed with prostate cancer Five Ricky Rubio trades that might actually make sense Coffey, surging Minnesota outlast Ohio State 78-68 Michael Phelps is swimming with joy again as Rio Olympics nears Golden State tops Cleveland 110-77, leads NBA Finals 2-0 Rayno: Other thoughts from my profile on DeAndre Mathieu Pitino: When lofty statistics don't carry, "you've got to play the game" More From Sports West Metro 2 minutes ago X Games proposing motorcycle, skateboard competitions outside the Mall of America The proposal would bring motorcycle racing and a halfpipe ramp to the empty lot. Local 12 minutes ago Charges filed for protesters who dropped banner from U.S. Bank Stadium ceiling Charges lay out how the pair pulled off the anti-pipeline stunt. Sports 17 minutes ago Minnesota United FC sets official roster for first MLS training camp Here is the official list of Minnesota United FC's preseason camp attendees. Gophers 19 minutes ago 'Row the Boat' – Fleck's mantra – reportedly will be shipped to U of M "Row the Boat" is in the process of being transferred as property of Western Michigan University, where P.J. Fleck coached for four years, to the University of Minnesota. Twins 38 minutes ago Luis Valbuena, Angels finalize $15 million, 2-year deal Infielder Luis Valbuena and the Los Angeles Angels have completed a $15 million, two-year contract. Related Coverage Seeking more offense, Springs moving into Gophers starting lineup Jan. 17 Jarvis Johnson's story: Life, death, basketball (March 1, 2015) Aug. 10, 2016 Johnson in shock by U's decision not to let him play (June 17, 2015) Aug. 10, 2016 Most Read 'Row the Boat' – Fleck's mantra – reportedly will be shipped to U of M • Gophers With new Gophers football coach P.J. Fleck, 'it's not an act' • Gophers Gophers get big commitment from Cretin-Derham Hall big man • Gophers Reusse: Millen back with Gophers, as Lucia's undergrad assistant • Gophers Four-star safety Kendarian Handy-Holly says he will join Gophers • Gophers searching for answers Minn. deer hunter's death remains 'such a mystery' His loved ones are seeking answers as authorities vow not to "give up." looking back ... and ahead Vikings 2016 grades and 2017 roster outlook A position-by-position look at how the Vikings fared in 2016 and a look ahead at the 2017 season. an ugly attack 1972 hoops brawl made for one nasty night in U's sports history It erupted 45 years ago this week near the end of the Gophers-Ohio State basketball game at Williams ... Not just a dunkmaster Zach LaVine: More than just a slam dunk champion The Timberwolves guard is transitioning from breathtaking athlete and dunk champion to a bona ... A little bit different With new Gophers football coach P.J. Fleck, 'it's not an act' P.J. Fleck has always known who he is, what he wants Introducing Megan Ryan Soccer writer's journey: From World Cup fandom to covering the Loons Meet Megan Ryan, the Star Tribune's new soccer writer. "Back in summer 2010, I became obsessed ... 11,000 miles and counting Claiming the gems of U.S. hiking a step at a time Minneapolis man prepared, saved up and set out on a "very long walk." Peterson's future With big payout from Vikings unlikely, new reality awaits Peterson Be it here or elsewhere, star running back Adrian Peterson faces a big pay cut. Goalie in the house Goalie, family man Dubnyk has firm grip on what's important Wild goalie/family man adapts on and off the ice. scores, news, social media High school news and scores on our Live Blog Get the latest game results, news updates, photo and social media on our always-open high school ... podcast: access vikings Access Vikings: The Podcast Check out our weekly Vikings podcast, featuring Michael Rand and Matt Vensel. Sportsperson of the Year Ryder Cup director Jeff Hintz's drive thrilled the state Jeff Hintz's vision as director made for a 2016 Ryder Cup that won't soon be forgotten. Women's basketball 24/7 Get the latest: College women's basketball news, score and more News, statistics, standings and scores. Get the latest on women's basketball from the Big Ten ... United builds a brand Big plans ahead for United constructing an MLS team - and getting bi... The X's and O's are just a small part of constructing an MLS franchise and building a brand. Forgiving without forgetting Vikings' Kendricks finds it in himself to forgive once-absent father Father of Vikings linebacker battled cocaine addiction. Saving goals Morris/Benson boys' hockey goalie makes 98 saves in single game Senior Tony Bruns' stunning save total is believed to be a state and national single-game record, ... Minnesota mascot mania Who is the best sports mascot in Minnesota? We rank the major player... Minnesota has quite a few sports mascots roaming around this time of year, so obviously we ranked ... StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Inside Chicago's gangland empire: Eye-opening map details exactly where the city's most notorious mobsters hid from the police and carried out their crimes in the roaring 20s  In danger: Single mother and her two young children go missing and their Virginia home is burnt to the ground after she went on a blind date Revealed: How French women stay slim without even trying (and it's a lot easier than you think)  Trump will make Supreme Court appointment 'early next week' after meeting with bipartisan group of senators today to get their input Revealed: Five of the most germ-infested surfaces you touch EVERY day (and your computer keyboard isn't one of them) 'I heard them scream that they were on fire': Flight director who witnessed the blaze that killed three Apollo 1 astronauts describes the harrowing event Horrifying Nest video shows home aide HITTING an elderly woman because she fed her dog 'human food'  One-eyed mother-of-three who was found passed out in a gutter is sentenced up to five years in prison for child endangerment and sex with a teen who she called 'daddy' in text messages Conjoined twin girls who shared spine, bladder, uterus and intestines separated in one of the riskiest surgeries ever performed Judge orders release of footage showing the fatal 2012 shooting of a suspect by Charlotte police  Minnesota Governor Mark Dayton reveals he has prostate cancer hours after dramatic collapse Paris Jackson says her father Michael was MURDERED as she reveals she attempted suicide multiple times after being RAPED   as a teenager in shocking interview EXCLUSIVE: Uma Thurman and ex Arpad Busson settle '98 per cent' of their child custody battle after duking it out over 8-carat million-dollar diamond Babysitters reveal the CREEPIEST things children have ever told them (from saying the devil wants to see them to naming the date they will die) Why you should be adding SUGAR to your shampoo: Expert reveals mixing in the sweet granules will give you the best locks of your life 'I have to collect my thoughts...it's all good.' Uma Thurman and ex Arpad Busson settle '98 percent' of their child custody battle after duking it out over her 8-carat million-dollar diamond 'Nobody believes they're twins!' Adorable girls are born in Illinois with different skin colors to a black father and white mother  Ikea recalls Mysingo beach chair globally after five cases of it COLLAPSING and trapping people's fingers Iraqi forces retake last area of Mosul east of the Tigris River after 100 days of deadly fighting – but now comes the even harder battle to regain control of the city's western districts held by ISIS Man 'choked his mother until she blacked out and said he hoped she died after she changed channel on TV' Lost your AirPods? Apple's latest app update will help you track them down Is cancer fatal in YOUR county? Maps reveal where death rates are rising in the US - despite 20% drop in overall fatalities since 1980 Michigan man whose 19-year sentence for drug dealing was commuted by Obama is executed in halfway house by two men with assault rifles Mystery group claim Mega Millions jackpot of $83M - two months after winning Previous Next At last! The truth about carnival of mayhem: SARAH VINE says the police's acknowledgement of violent crimes and warning of a ‘Hillsborough-style disaster’ at Notting Hill is a long overdue outbreak of common sense  By Sarah Vine for the Daily Mail Published: 21:14 EST, 17 January 2017 | Updated: 05:24 EST, 18 January 2017 e-mail 52 shares 27 View comments Finally, the police have come out and said what everyone knows to be true but has never dared admit for fear of being branded racist: the Notting Hill Carnival is no more a celebration of Caribbean culture than Katie Price is a vestal virgin. Whatever the noble origins of this event, these days it is little more than an excuse for drug dealers, thugs and other assorted criminals to go on the rampage under the banner of ‘community relations’, causing mayhem and bloodshed and posing a serious danger to the public. That the London Assembly Police And Crime Committee has finally acknowledged this, citing an 86 per cent rise in violent crimes since 2010, pointing to four near-fatal stabbings at last year’s event and warning of a ‘Hillsborough-style disaster’ waiting to happen, is a major step towards a long-overdue outbreak of common sense. Police have highlighted an 86 per cent rise in violent crimes at the Notting Hill Carnival since 2010, as well as four near-fatal stabbings at last year’s event (file photo)  (The fact that London’s Labour Mayor, Sadiq Khan, has already effectively rejected the recommendations by ruling out moving or cancelling the festival, is also an indication of what an empty-headed lightweight he is turning out to be.) The carnival was originally born out of a desire to defuse animosity between post-war immigrants from the Caribbean and hostile local working-class communities already living in overcrowded slum conditions, egged on by Oswald Mosley’s revolting ‘Keep Britain White’ campaign. Whether it achieved that aim is debatable. Part of the problem is that the tensions that gave rise to the carnival have never really gone. Notting Hill remains polarised, only now it’s wealth, rather than race, that mainly divides inhabitants. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Is it just me? Or are shops far too hot? SARAH VINE asks... Kate, meet the world's SCARIEST mummies! SARAH VINE on the... Share this article Share Buildings that once housed multiple families are now multi-million-pound residences. Wetherby, the £20,595-a-year pre-prep school where Prince George is reportedly soon to start, is a short stroll from the popular pound shop on the Portobello Road. The carnival is also a logistical nightmare. Were such a festival to be proposed today — two million people descending on a small network of streets amid a frenzy of parades, dancing, alcohol (and worse) and vehicles — there is no earthly way it would be granted permission. The only reason it continues to be indulged in the present format is because over the years all opposition has been automatically dismissed as an attack on the Caribbean community, and therefore is down to prejudice. But then isn’t that in many ways the story of race relations in Britain? London’s Labour Mayor, Sadiq Khan, has already effectively rejected the recommendations by ruling out moving or cancelling the festival By trying to atone for earlier mistakes and attitudes that belong to another era, we end up overcompensating in the other direction and, in so doing, indulging behaviour that has no place in society, regardless of colour or creed. In the case of the carnival, that means gang violence, drug-taking and dealing and ugly, demeaning scenes of intoxication. But there are even more disturbing examples, such as the Rotherham child abuse scandal, in which the systematic grooming and abuse of young white girls by Asian men between 1997 and 2013 was routinely covered up because of what Professor Alexis Jay, author of the subsequent inquiry, described as ‘institutionalised political correctness’. And what about inhuman practices such as female genital mutilation, imported to Britain from East Africa and for years left unchallenged for fear of causing offence? The same is true of forced marriage, honour killings and the indoctrination of young Muslim boys and girls into a warped and dangerous interpretation of religion. The fact is, the path of least resistance never leads anywhere good, which is why, after years of middle-class liberal dithering, race relations in many parts of Britain are the same as they have ever been, and in some cases worse. The truth may be uncomfortable, but that doesn’t make it any less true. And turning a blind eye for fear of ruffling a few feathers won’t make it go away.   Not what I call fashion flare   Victoria Beckham was pictured shopping in London with her daughter Harper  Of all the many reasons why Victoria Beckham should never have received an OBE for ‘services to fashion’, this picture is the most illustrative.  Here she is shopping in London, dressed in what are thought to be her own creations. If this is an award-winning fashion sense, then I’m Elle Macpherson.   Steamy sex? I've dry cleaning to pick up Sunday night sees the start of the much-trailed new BBC thriller Apple Tree Yard, starring Emily Watson, 50, as a middle-aged woman whose sexual reawakening leads her down a dark path. Interviewed about the role, Watson has spoken of empowerment, liberation and, inevitably, a victory for feminism. There’s just one problem: none of it rings true. Whenever I get together with my 50-ish friends, the last thing on our minds is sex. And, trust me, we are anything but prudes. But this idea that we are all laying out the silk undies in anticipation of some thrilling tryst is, to put it mildly, absurd. It’s not that we hate sex. It’s just that women my age are far too busy juggling children, jobs and HRT to be flirting like 20-year-olds. It is literally the last thing on the to-do list, somewhere between collecting the dry cleaning and booking the kids’ dental check-ups. Even if I did have a spare hour, I’d rather spend it having a power nap than playing tonsil hockey. As for the feminist angle, that’s nonsense, too. All this cougar-chic is just another pressure to pile on top of the others. Bad enough to have to be the perfect wife, mother, employee, cook, cleaner, daughter, sister, best friend and perfect size 10. Now we’ve got to find time to add ‘sex kitten’ to our list of post-50 goals. God help us! I’ve yet to see Theresa May’s American Vogue cover, but judging by her appearance at Lancaster House yesterday, she’s picked up a few tips from the experts. That haircut is new and very definitely improved, and if I’m not mistaken she’s had some subtle colour work added to her normally quite flat grey; and even the PM’s make-up looks softer and more professional. As for her outfit, it’s businesslike but feminine, with a crisp white shirt that both brightens her complexion and flatters her neckline. The jewellery is elegant and understated — and the red nails add a touch of glamour. Never mind the words; her look says it all: professional, confident, capable.   Models of nepotism Important newsflash: Iris Law, the 16-year-old daughter of Jude and Sadie Frost, is to become a ‘face’ for Burberry, undertaking the vital task of selling lipstick. Iris Law, the 16-year-old daughter of Jude and Sadie Frost, is to become a ‘face’ for Burberry, undertaking the vital task of selling lipstick  Iris’s 20-year-old brother, Rafferty, is already a catwalk model. Then there’s 17-year-old Brooklyn Beckham, of course, as well as Sistine Stallone, 18 (daughter of Rambo), Ella Rose Richards, 20 (Keef’s grand-daughter), Levi Dylan, 22 (grandson of Bob), Charlie Oldman, 17 (son of Gary), and Lourdes Leon, 20 (daughter of Madonna). If, one day, one of these pampered cuties announced their intention to study Physics at Imperial, now that would be news. Until then, it’s all just so much celebrity nepotism.   To my mind, there is really only one question hanging over the impending Trump Presidency on Friday. Toupee or not toupee?    If the World Economic Forum in Davos is such an important gathering of important people, why hasn’t a single (to my knowledge) Brexit-supporting politician been invited this year?   Julia Peyton-Jones, former director of the Serpentine Gallery in London When The Beatles sang When I’m 64 in 1967, there was talk of knitting sweaters and gardening, but I’m pretty sure they never mentioned motherhood.  But for Julia Peyton-Jones, former director of the Serpentine Gallery in London, 64 is the age at which she has welcomed her first child, a girl, into the world. Progress, I suppose — provided she doesn’t mind being an octogenarian mother to a teenage daughter.  I’m not even 50 and it’s almost killing me.   There is something melancholic about the death of Eugene Cernan, one of only 12 astronauts to have walked on the Moon, and the last to do so before the Apollo Project ended in 1972. It harks back to a time when our love affair with the infinite possibilities of space spoke to the romantic adventurer in all of us. There are only six of that celestial club left, and when one of them dies, we find ourselves diminished — trapped by ever more sophisticated technology that, instead of broadening our horizons, shrinks them to the size of a tiny screen.   Reasons to leave the EU, number 3,750,000: Antonio Tajani, Silvio Berlusconi’s former spokesman, has just been elected President of the EU Parliament. Bunga bunga, as they say (these days) in Brussels.   Why the fuss over a white actor, Joseph Fiennes, taking on the role of Michael Jackson in a new TV comedy?  Surely any biopic of the late ‘King of Pop’ should be played by two actors: one black, to represent the start of his career; and one white, to show him as he was at the end — a pale shadow of his former glorious self.   The best way to get children to eat their greens is bribery, says an obesity campaigner who wants parents to promise to put small amounts of money into a bank account.  Sounds like a recipe for raising a generation of bean counters to me.  Share or comment on this article e-mail 52 shares Most watched News videos How to make a stick drawing magically come to life with water Social experiment to test reaction to Trump supporter in New York City Angry motorists push car after being blocked in on private drive Dog is cut free after being chained up for FIFTEEN years Bear the dog visits the beach for first time after rescue Piers Morgan goes on rant about Ewan McGregor cancelling interview Woman booted off plane after ranting at Trump supporter CCTV captures moment British man is shot dead in car in Pattaya Man tells Polish woman to 'go back to her country' in rant ISIS video 'shows drone dropping bombs on targets near Mosul' Gov. Mark Dayton collapses during state of state address Outrageous moment man in India slaps monkey as he offers food EXCLUSIVE: Now it's Caribbean sunshine on Richard Branson's... '¡No, no puede!': New White House begins with English-only... Next stop, Necker Island: Barack and Michelle Obama are all... What happens when you wear a Trump hat in NYC? Controversial... 'Let Barron be a kid': Former first daughter Chelsea Clinton... PIERS MORGAN: Memo to anyone who voted for Trump or Brexit -... Bomb threats don’t Trump hate: PIERS MORGAN on the day... White House press secretary Sean Spicer waged a one-sided,... Heartwarming moment Bear the dog has his chain cut after... Revealed: Obama defied Congress to hand $220 MILLION to... Kellyanne Conway allegedly punched a tuxedo-clad man... 'It was inexcusable': SNL writer apologizes for her... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● Comments (27) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have been moderated in advance.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Bella Hadid displays her ample assets in semi-sheer number and Kendall Jenner stuns during Alexandre Vauthier Paris Fashion Week show Private party? Brad Pitt leaves hotel alone while assistant carries out balloons and champagne... as custody battle with Angelina quiets down Split! Jane Fonda's beau Richard Perry confirms they ended eight-year relationship... day after listing their $13m Beverly Hills mansion PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Drake enjoys dinner with porn star Rosee Divine in Amsterdam... as girlfriend Jennifer Lopez is said to be 'head over heels'  A closer look at Drake's new friend: Porn star-turned-artist Rosee Divine has a habit of stripping off for Instagram Likes to show her skin From NYU student to star of Riverdale, why stunning newcomer Camila Mendes is one to watch in 2017 SPONSORED Paris Jackson says her father Michael was murdered as she reveals she had multiple suicide attempts after being raped as a teenager La La Land earns a record-tying 14 Oscar nominations including Best Picture while Emma Stone competes against Natalie Portman for Best Actress Chelsea Handler accused of immigrant shaming Melania for saying the First Lady, who is fluent in five languages, 'can barely speak English'  Who needs the Caribbean? Malia Obama goes to Sundance Film Festival after landing internship with Harvey Weinstein Spotted at a screening Borrowed from Kanye? Kim Kardashian steps out in oversized, wrinkled plaid shirt over lace-up leather slacks as she heads to a studio in LA 'She has arrived!' Teen Mom 2's Jenelle Evans, 25, welcomes third child as she gives birth to daughter Ensley Posted a picture cradling the newborn EXCLUSIVE: 'Catwoman' Jocelyn Wildenstein puts her $13M condo with views of the Manhattan skyline up for sale after brawl with her ex-boyfriend Erin Andrews reveals her secret battle with cervical cancer The sports reporter and host was diagnosed in September and had emergency surgery Baby's first rap! Kim Kardashian reveals clip of Saint recording with his dad in the studio... and possible tracklist for Kanye West's new album Gigi Hadid keeps her head down in NYC after her younger sister Bella wore shocking see-through dress to Christian Dior masquerade ball Heigh ho, heigh ho: Jared Kushner heads off to work at the White House while Ivanka sneaks out of the garage in SUV with the children Plenty to smile about! Pregnant Natalie Portman celebrates Oscar nomination with a sunny hike in LA The 35-year-old was beaming on her walk Ryan Reynolds shrugs off his Oscars snub with a hilarious tweet about going ahead with his previously 'scheduled tickle-fight' Brushed off the blow  Oscars so diverse: Seven of the 20 nominees in acting categories for 2017 Academy Awards are non-white, after ZERO received nods last year  Oscar snubs 2017:  Taraji P. Henson and Ryan Reynolds are two of the biggest stars that DIDN'T score a nomination from the Academy this year 'I'm very grateful': Ryan Gosling reacts to his Oscar nomination for La La Land just hours after making a dashing appearance to promote the film in Beijing Meryl Streep, 67, sings her way to the Academy Awards as she makes history with her 20th Oscar nomination Given nod for her role in Florence Foster Jenkins Oops! ABC apologizes after listing Tom Hanks and Amy Adams as Oscar nominees on the official Academy website despite neither of them scoring a nod 'She said she was very well looked after by her husband': Duchess of Cambridge tells a four-year-old girl what it's like to be a 'real princess'  EXCLUSIVE: Director of film Kong: Skull Island accuses his video star ex of blackmail and leaking his nude photo amid claims he paid women to strip Iggy Azalea shows off shapely derriere in skintight leggings at Cabo San Lucas airport with rumoured beau music producer LJay Currie 'Y'all got the wrong guy': Iggy Azalea wears a red bikini as she poses with a male friend...two days after 'making out' with music producer LJay Currie Melanie Hamrick, 29, looks impossibly slim as she heads out for a dog walk in a breezy New York... just six weeks after giving birth to Mick Jagger's eighth child Bella Hadid rocks a chic cream dress and thigh-high boots while Kendall Jenner turns heads in a gold padded jacket as they leave Chanel's Couture show  A man she can depend on! Sandra Bullock steps out with long time guard Peter Weireter after ex Jesse James suggests she cheated on him Taking on the vets! Actors Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling could be singing live alongside Justin Timberlake, Sting and Lin-Manuel Miranda at the Oscars Nicole Kidman is the picture of elegance in black gown as she celebrates Oscar nod with fellow nominee Isabelle Huppert at Armani show in Paris 'I'm overjoyed!': Emma Stone of La La Land kicks off star reactions to Oscar nominations as Nicole Kidman thanks her Lion family Thrilled with the news   Dev Patel and Naomie Harris lead the British Oscar nominations with Best Supporting Role nods at the 89th annual Academy Awards  In with a chance   Oscar nominee Nicole Kidman reveals she will be flying solo at the BAFTAs as hubby Keith Urban is nominated for three Grammys on same night Dance Moms star Abby Lee Miller is 'on the verge of breakdown' in teaser clip for new season of series as she faces prison for bankruptcy fraud 'Felt so good to drop this': Star Wars director Rian Johnson shares first look at The Last Jedi's opening crawl Countdown to Star Wars Episode VIII begins Solo to the cinema! Justin Bieber 'snacks on nachos and drinks cocktails' as he watches horror flick Split on movie outing Some lonely downtime Leonardo Di Caprio's girlfriend Nina Agdal flaunts her envy-inducing physique as she models swimwear in a sun-kissed pool Bella Hadid and Kendall Jenner swap girly glamour for grunge chic in matching leather pants as they hit Paris streets after Chanel PFW show  Rebecca Hall flashes more than expected as she goes braless beneath sheer black gown at Christine screening in London Dared to bare  Bragging about her jet-set lifestyle! Kendall Jenner reveals she flew 162K miles, took 55 flights and visited 14 cities in 2016 alone Has covered the globe  Piers Morgan hits back as Ewan McGregor CANCELS his British morning TV appearance 'because he disagrees with his Women's March protest comments'  PIERS MORGAN: Memo to anyone who voted for Trump or Brexit - pedophile-loving hypocrite Ewan McGregor holds you in utter contempt Going Hamm! Jon jumps for joy as he wraps a long weekend of industry schmoozing with the premiere of his new film Marjorie Prime in Park City   Rita Ora looks casually cool in sporty tracksuit and fleece-lined aviator jacket as she arrives at Tezenis shoot in London The star arrived on set in a fleece-lined aviator  'I would have walked': Dennis Quaid defends A Dog's Purpose against abuse allegations and 'scam video' as he insists animals were treated great Seven Year Switch star admits his desire to cheat with new 'spouse' makes him 'miserable' - while his wife isn't even sharing a bed with her temporary 'husband' 'I feel very blessed!': Lily Aldridge nearly spills out of split dress on V cover... as she reflects on 'sexy' Kings Of Leon rocker husband Stunned in sequin  Fancy seeing you here! Brooklyn Beckham shares cosy chat with old pal Anais Gallagher as the teenagers show off their grunge style  Showed his skater style 'Love Australia' Scott Eastwood raves about the country as he strikes a warrior pose while boating at sunset  Is on the set of Pacific Rim  Taking the plunge! Khloe Kardashian wears low-cut yellow tank top to tease re-release of 'number one requested' Koko Kollection lip kit Gave fans an eyeful SNL veteran Tracy Morgan looks carefree after judge orders him to turn over health and earnings records in crash settlement dispute He's very hands-on! Kim Kardashian shares throwback snap of husband Kanye grabbing her ample booty Reality star was in a nostalgic mood  'I yelled f*** at the top of my lungs!': Frozen vet Idina Menzel recalls botching Broadway Wicked audition Starred in the show when it began in 2003 EXCLUSIVE: Uma Thurman and ex Arpad Busson settle '98 per cent' of their child custody battle after duking it out over million-dollar diamond 'Great performance in a great film!': Reese Witherspoon tweets congrats to Big Little Lies co-star Nicole Kidman for Lion Oscar nomination  Throwback Tuesday! Emily Ratajkowski shares adorable childhood snap as she dresses up as Cleopatra She loved to dress up from an early age  It's a bit nippy outside! Model struts down a busy high street in a painted top... but will anyone notice her bare chest? Sultry social experiment  Now THAT'S big hair! Rihanna braves the rain with her dreadlocks piled on her head as she turns up at Ocean's Eight set in a wet and windy New York Lily-Rose Depp shows off her natural beauty in simple cardigan and jeans... as she relaxes after wowing at the Chanel Haute Couture show in Paris I ain't afraid of no rhino! Melissa McCarthy runs for her life in teaser for Kia's Super Bowl commercial The ad line-up is building by the day  She's ripped! Hilary Duff sports torn jeans on frozen yogurt outing with female pal in Beverly Hills The actress left her long blonde hair loose   Lily Collins heads to the gym in LA days after revealing she suffered eating disorders as a teen Headed for a workout in Los Angeles   'I thought it was very clever': Cindy Crawford reminisces about sexy Pepsi Super Bowl commercial 25 years on The iconic 1992 ad will air again this year Love & Hip Hop: New York star Remy Ma breaks down in tears as she reveals she recently suffered a miscarriage Reality star shared the news during the show FEMAIL details the new beauty products that will make your life easier in 2017 including a game-changing dry shampoo created by the Kardashians' hairstylist 'The whole thing is toxic': Wynonna Judd tries to stop fans hassling her over sister Ashley's 'nasty woman' speech at anti-Trump women's march Heating up chilly Park City! Salma Hayek, 50, proves she's still got it as she stops by the Sundance screening of Beatriz At Dinner Stunned in black  So nice, she wore it twice...13 years later! Kirsten Dunst rocks white lace mini dress she wore in 2004 at an Oscar party Recyling her outfit Is that you George? The celebrity lookalikes found in the most unlikely places across the globe including a Turkish Clooney and an Asian Brad Pitt Revealed: How French women stay slim without even trying (and it's a lot easier than you think)  Dr Carrie Ruxton reveals five simple secrets  He'd better be ready for a sliming! WWE star John Cena is set to host the Nickelodeon Kids' Choice awards after Blake Shelton got doused last year Kicking back with a brew at Sundance! Matt Damon talks Stella Artois' new campaign to bring clean water to developing countries His selfless side  Proof that meditation championed by Emma Watson DOES work: One 8-week course crushes stress hormone and lowers blood pressure, study says 'Feeling so grateful': Amy Smart publicly thanks 'kind, loving surrogate' who brought baby daughter Flora into the world after her 'fertility struggles' Kendall Jenner dazzles in sequinned plunging gown while Bella Hadid stuns in daring dress as they lead the glamour at Chanel's opulent Paris Fashion Week show Pregnant Laura Prepon flashes a hint of baby bump as she steps out for the first time since announcing she is expecting Expecting her first child Next stop Necker Island: Barack and Michelle Obama pose for photos in British Virgin Islands before heading to Richard Branson's retreat  Cheeky! Madonna's son Rocco Ritchie grins as model girlfriend Kim Turnbull shoots him a lascivious wink during romantic wintry stroll in London Nicole Kidman and Mel Gibson both get individual Oscar nominations as their films Lion and Hacksaw Ridge get six nods each including Best Picture 'Clearly a dig!': Victoria Beckham's followers claim her V sign Instagram snap is throwing shade at her Spice Girls bandmates Is she taking a pop? Ivanka's inauguration collection: How the outfits her children wore were made for $1,700 by a designer who flew to New York THREE times to perfect the pieces  A delight in white! Mötley Crüe rocker Nikki Sixx's wife Courtney oozes sophistication in figure-hugging frock as she attends Longines horserace ceremony  Sweat at The Met! FEMAIL writer is put through her paces while testing quirky 'museum workout' that lets fitness fanatics combine culture and cardio  'Her waist is legit goals!' Fans compare Skye Wheatley's figure to Khloe Kardashian after former Big Brother housemate flaunts her physique Sheer daring! Braless Bella Hadid goes completely bare in see-through dress as she joins Kendall Jenner at Christian Dior event Proud of her body Sea of floral tributes, candles and messages are cleared from outside George Michael's north London home a month after the singer died of a heart attack Nice Depp for a Chanel wedding! Johnny's daughter Lily-Rose stuns in extravagant pink bridal gown as she secures coveted role at brand's Couture show NFL bosses WON'T pay Lady Gaga to headline the prestigious Super Bowl halftime show this year  She's not doing it for the money 'She's like my big sister': Maisie Williams reveals she feels scared at awards shows without her Game Of Thrones co-star Sophie Turner He's certainly not shy! Shirtless Austin Armacost strips down to his tiny Y-fronts on the street after CBB eviction Reality star, 38, changed pants in the street Cheeky James Blunt urges fans to 'check out my 12 inch' as he plugs his new album with two NAKED videos on Twitter  Sent fans into a frenzy Back in the game? Aaron Paul, 27, not-so-subtly hints to Ellen DeGenres that he will be reprising Breaking Bad role in spin-off Better Call Saul  What a sparkler! Beaming Kirsten Dunst flaunts diamond engagement ring as she wears bridal-inspired lace midi dress at Paris runway show 'This p**sy grabs back!' Rihanna takes provocative message to the streets of New York as she wears defiant hoodie on anti-Trump Women's March Move aside, Taylor! Mariah Carey has 'penned break-up track about split from billionaire former fiancé James Packer'... with debut on reality show Classic beauty! Kendall Jenner channels Audrey Hepburn with bangs and bright red lips as she joins Bella Hadid at Christian Dior ball 'Too good not to share!': Jerry O'Connell is hurled backwards onto the floor as his chair breaks just SECONDS before going live on Bravo 'He stays out till 7 am partying': Scott Disick has 'returned to his wild ways'... amid reports he's trying to rekindle his romance with Kourtney Kardashian 'There are a couple!' Chris Hemsworth confesses to having NUDE photos of himself on his phone after Rachel Griffiths jokes about 'hacking'  Australian Bachelor reject Tiffany Scanlon flaunts washboard abs at the beach playing with her dog after postponing move to Bali with girlfriend Megan Marx Bella Thorne poses nude as she strips down to just socks and heels for provocative Twitter picture The 19-year-old starlet teased fans 'That's John Elway!' Cab driver praises former quarterback as his all-time favorite before realizing the Broncos legend is sitting in the backseat Time for a lesson in style? Queen Maxima of the Netherlands disappoints in dowdy brown as she opens a national education exhibition  Serving out your notice, Wills? Prince is spotted hard at work as air ambulance pilot - after announcing that he'll quit this summer to become 'full-time royal'  Home to celebrate? Cat Deeley wraps up against the chill as she swaps LA for her native London... days after marking cute son Milo's first birthday Don't quit the day job! Shakira has her hair washed by footballer partner Gerard Piqué as he causes havoc in hilarious video clip Stick to the football 'It was painful!': Rosie Huntington-Whiteley reveals she had all her eyelashes ripped out in beauty blunder on Mad Max: Fury Road set Had a whole body cast Director Roman Polanski pulls out of hosting the 'French Oscars' following furious protests over his conviction for raping a child  'It makes you feel pretty!' Britney Spears  shares her love for Snapchat after posting a string of selfies... as first trailer for controversial new Lifetime biopic airs How a visit from Kim Kardashian landed a Dubai disabled centre in trouble: Strict authorities rule celeb's trip broke educational rules  British student who ended up with a 59-INCH derrière after botched butt injections at an illegal 'pumping party' now makes a living as a webcam model  Rita Ora puts on a very busty display as she strips off on the set of a racy bikini shoot in London Stripped down to her smalls once again 'We always focus on the things we wish we could change': Canadian Miss Universe hopeful Siera Bearchell speaks about 'self-worth' after being targeted by trolls Love is in the air! Amy Poehler is 'dating New York attorney Benjamin Graf' The comedian and the lawyer have known each other for quite some time Animal attraction! Ashley Graham shows off her shapely figure and slim waist in leopard print bikini  Known for promoting a positive body image Lea Michele puts on a brave face as she leaves private concert... after sharing nostalgic snap of Cory Monteith four years after his death 'K***head!': Robbie Williams sports a split lip as wife Ayda cryptically posts he 'had a fight with his computer' Rather sorry for himself 'Hot sandwich!': Bella Hadid puckers up with designer Riccardo Tisci in VERY sexy snap alongside snoozing Kendall Jenner Amorous antics  Aaahs Of Sunset! Shahs stars Asa Soltan Rahmati and Jermaine Jackson Jr welcome newborn son Soltan Show has a new cast member 'And a few men': Jax Taylor squirms during birthday roast in front of girlfriend Brittany and her mom Sherri Colourful history of cheating and arrests As a blockbuster brings her back to life, the truth about the Sex and scheming that put the O into Jackie! The new Hollywood film starrs Natalie Portman Got us looking Side To Side! Makeup heiress and socialite Lianna Perdis appears to resemble popstar Ariana Grande They look identical  Roger Federer reveals his kids asked him to keep winning so they could spend more time in Australia... but the heat means they want to go back to Switzerland Megan Fox and husband Brian Austin Green enjoy a family day at the LA zoo with their three kids in tow Had their hands full with their boys  Harry's wedding belle! Meghan Markle stuns in a bridal gown as the Prince's girlfriend appears in a teaser for the new season of Suits  Prince Harry's girlfriend 'Always in my heart': Little Mix's Perrie Edwards is mourning the loss of cute cat Prada she shared with ex-fiancé Zayn Malik Lasting memories 'I could barely breathe!': Naomie Harris reveals her Golden Globes dress was so tight she couldn't eat or drink and had to be CARRIED to her car 'It's for real': Jessa Duggar hears baby's heartbeat and attends first concert ever with Ben on Counting On Listening to her baby for the very first time Bling it on! Mariah Carey steps out with new toyboy lover wearing her $10 million engagement ring from ex-fiance James Packer... on THAT finger Kelly Rowland looks chic in patterned outfit and fedora at West Hollywood screening of Love By The 10th Date Stole the show in an asymmetrical outfit Two peas in a pod! Zoey Deutch joins lookalike mom Lea Thompson at Sundance Film Festival Parties brought out swarms of stars  'Worst date I have ever been on': Corinne Olympios endures miserable outing with Nick Viall on The Bachelor Season villain Giddy Tom Hardy indulges his inner child at Disneyland Paris... as he puts on a brave face amid claims he lost '£2 MILLION making new British drama Taboo' Hollywood icon Shirley MacLaine, 82, wears a purple pantsuit as she poses up with Anne Heche to promote her new film The Last Word Leading lady Ali Larter stuns in belly-baring two-piece ensemble at Resident Evil: The Final Chapter premiere in Los Angeles Looked amazing while posing with the undead 'Together we are strong!' Ciara flexes her muscles and flaunts her baby bump after taking part in cancer event at children's hospital 'Special day' Miami heat! Jenson Button smooches his bombshell girlfriend Brittny Ward as they celebrate his birthday in Florida 37th birthday 'The good wife!' Sofia Vergara braves freezing weather to join 'obsessed' Joe Manganiello at  Pittsburgh Steelers playoff game Puppy love! Newly-divorced Amber Heard makes rare public outing as she goes makeup free to pet store She got custody of her two Yorkshire terriers Chris Hemsworth cuts a suave figure in a tailored ensemble as he leads guests through a virtual tour of Australia alongside Rachel Griffiths Star in stripes! Sofia Richie wears pinstriped trousers as she steps out for a day of shopping in LA She met up with a friend at an eatery Milla Jovovich takes the plunge in feathered frock with her family at the final Resident Evil premiere The action star made the premiere a family affair Mel Gibson, 61, becomes father for the NINTH time as he and girlfriend Rosalind Ross welcome a son Welcomed a baby boy on Saturday Ivanka Trump shares charming photo of her family at Blair House where her father stayed the night before his inauguration  Family snap She's a big teaser! Margot Robbie is unrecognizable with 80s mullet as she plays disgraced figure skater Harding on set of I, Tonya Peering under the wig! Kylie Jenner reveals new bob after undergoing the chop due to damaging platinum blonde dye job New look  EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Iggy Azalea reveals her curves in a red bikini as she gets wet and wild with new boyfriend LJay Currie Passionate embrace  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Stella Maxwell poses in a variety of lingerie for steamy Victoria's Secret photoshoot in Miami Beach  She raised the heat  Crop yields stares! Hailey Baldwin turns heads as she exposes her rock hard abs in skimpy top in Los Angeles Impressive tummy Going undercover! Pregnant Gal Gadot wraps up her baby bump in duster and boots on rainy day date with female friend Bundled up Scott Disick's rumored ex Megan Blake Irwin shows off her svelte physique in a black bikini as she shares a kiss with a mystery man on the beach She's a cool mom! Katie Holmes goes casual chic in leather jacket and skinny jeans while out with daughter Suri Suri brought a friend Girl in the hood! Christina Milian bundles up in stylish fur-lined coat at Sundance Film Festival The singer stayed warm in her knee-length jacket Baby makes three! Laura Prepon and Ben Foster are expecting their first child Comes after they went public with their engagement Is her busy schedule taking a toll? Ruby Rose reveals her very slender figure at Resident Evil: The Final Chapter premiere after falling ill with virus Summer is coming in hot! Alexandra Daddario and Kelly Rohrbach sizzle in swimwear for scorching new Baywatch posters R-rated action-comedy What's her secret? Cate Blanchett, 47, looks ageless and elegant on The Tonight Show in NYC The 47-year-old looked every inch the Hollywood star She must be Mod! Chloe Sevigny looks chic in retro green and gold outfit at Sundance screening of Beatriz At Dinner Lit up the arrivals carpet Cosby Show star Keshia Knight Pulliam welcomes daughter months after being left by husband who demanded paternity test She has given birth Playboy's Miss February Joy Corrigan goes topless for swimwear shoot on Miami Beach Naked aside from bikini bottoms Mark Hamill brings wife Marilou and daughter Chelsea to the Sundance premiere of Brigsy Bear The 65-year-old made it a family affair La La Anthony and Keke Palmer bare their backs in black sheer frocks for The New Edition Story premiere Six-hour three-night television miniseries  What a punk! Milla Jovovich takes on Billy Idol's White Wedding on the next Lip Sync Battle versus Ruby Rose The star looks unrecognizable Booty-ful advertising! Kourtney Kardashian puts her derriere on display as she promotes Kim's Kimoji retail line She's the perfect model for Kim's products Lady who lunches: Ivanka Trump hides behind an umbrella as she leaves new DC home with Secret Service and her son Joseph Walk on the wild side! Heidi Klum jets back into Los Angeles in a leopard spot coat as she totes Louis Vuitton bag The 43-year has been in New York for a few days Dressed to a tee! Caitlyn Jenner steps out in white skirt and sweater for a round of golf After attending Trump's inauguration Abs-olutely envious? Victoria's Secret model Kelly Gale flaunts washboard stomach in skimpy yellow bikini as she continues Bali vacation 'The whole thing has been very draining': Kim Kardashian's mother Kris Jenner reveals reality star's emotional struggles following Paris robbery arrests 'Puma girl!' Kylie Jenner flashes sideboob as she shares snaps in workout gear to promote athletic brand Has been paid $1million to be their ambassador  Bargain seeker! Justin Bieber nips to fastfood chain Wendy's for lunch With an estimated net worth of more than $200 million, he can afford to eat wherever he wants Hip dad! Jeff Goldblum looks stylish in leather biker jacket as he steps out with pregnant wife Emilie Livingston in West Hollywood Out for a day date SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Is Nuclear Wintour set to become Granny Anna? Editor's daughter-in-law poses picture of herself with a visible baby bump Hey, Ms Hilton! Socialite Paris cuts a glam figure in black sheer mini-dress as she prepares for yet another night out on the town in London 'Still working!' Michael B. Jordan shows off his rugged torso in shirtless Instagram pic It appears his exercise regime has well and truly paid off Where are your Blue Jeans? Lana Del Rey wraps up in oversize army green coat during a rainy day in Los Angeles Grabbing a coffee Olivia Palermo rocks quirky parrot-print jacket and leather trousers for another fashion bash in Paris  The Hills star, 30, looked sensational Not my baby's back! Kim Zolciak DENIES daughter Brielle has butt implants after belfie Snapchat She quickly jumped to Brielle's defense 'Cheating goes both ways': Jesse James hints ex Sandra Bullock wasn't faithful during their marriage as he lashes out on Twitter Split in 2010 Kaley Cuoco heads into the rain after yoga class with boyfriend Karl Cook The Big Bang Theory actress did not let a bit of rain keep her away from her workout routine Bellas on the field! Rebel Wilson tries her hand at football as she's joined by Pitch Perfect co-star Anna Kendrick at NFC championship game in Atlanta EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE on the Queen's message of congratulations to President Trump following his inauguration Bafta and Prince William 'locked in behind-the-scenes row over whether the Duchess of Cambridge attends the awards ceremony' 'Hello Betty!' FX releases Feud: Bette And Joan teaser starring Susan Sarandon and Jessica Lange as the real-life rivals Nina Dobrev flashes cleavage as she turns 28 at La La Land-themed joint birthday party with polo player Ronnie Bacardi Ingenious cake 'This will be the largest audience': Stephen Colbert set to host annual Emmy Awards in September on CBS The awards honor the best in television  A-list perks! Hugh Jackman enjoys the halftime performance led by cheerleaders as he watches NBA game courtside with Trevor Noah and pals A sophisticated beauty look fit for a First Lady! As Melania Trump settles into her new role, FEMAIL details her $900 inauguration hair and make-up  Lea Michele snuggles with Cory Monteith in poignant flashback picture four years after his death He died aged 31 of a drug overdose Fierce mama! Kerry Washington shows off her postbaby body in cosy black sweater dress at Sundance brunch Gave birth in October 'His family tried to wreck his momentum!' Olivia Munn 'likes' fans negative Instagram comments about boyfriend Aaron Rodger's family Angelina Jolie lands new job as face of Guerlain's new fragrance... but plans to donate 'entire salary' to charity Philanthropic star Dermot O'Leary reportedly asked to replace Michael Bublé as host of BRIT Awards after the singer 'pulled out in light of son Noah's liver cancer' Melissa McCarthy sports bowl-cut as she gets into character on the set of Can You Ever Forgive Me Tansformed into character EXCLUSIVE: Now it's Carribean sunshine on Richard Branson's island for Obama: Michelle quits California for private jet flight to paradise getaway 'It's just a friendship': Tom Brady tries to downplay his relationship with Donald Trump and says he doesn't understand why it's such a big deal  Well she IS an angel! Alessandra Ambrosio looks heaven-sent in a feathered white cape as she leads the models at the Ralph & Russo show in Paris Nicole Kidman's latest independent flick Lion claims a record-breaking $4.15m win at Australian box office after failing to collect a single Golden Globe Suki Waterhouse goes braless as she and model Eva Dolezalova get close in sexually-charged arthouse film Sound Of Sun alongside Sean Penn Naomie Harris looks effortlessly stunning in casually chic one-shoulder top as she attends Moonlight screening in London Stole the show Salma Hayek sizzles in a red leather skirt as she promotes her new film Beatriz At Dinner at Sundance She is the star of the movie     DON'T MISS Shailene Woodley continues to fight for Standing Rock at Sundance Film Festival event The Divergent star opted out on glamour  Kristen Stewart's torn jeans reveal badly bruised knees as she heads home from Sundance Mystery as to how she got the injuries  There goes Sugar Bear! Honey Boo Boo's dad Mike Thompson, 45, ties the knot with new girlfriend Jennifer Lamb one year after split from Mama June 'You don't get to pick and choose when feminism benefits you!' Twitter users slam Taylor Swift for missing Women's March after she posted her support  SNL writer apologizes for her 'offensive words' after she is SUSPENDED from show for tweeting that Barron Trump, 10, will be a 'homeschool shooter' 'I can't catch a break!' Chris Brown dubs Aziz Anzari 'Aladdin' as he attacks SNL host for comparing him to Donald Trump in social media rant EXCLUSIVE: Uma Thurman and ex Arpad Busson duke it out over the 8-carat million-dollar diamond he gave back when he proposed for the second time  White hot! Elsa Hosk sizzles as she showcases her pert posterior in skimpy bikini in Mexico The 28-year-old model put on a peachy display  Sienna Miller's sister Savannah unveils her latest bridal collection inspired by her boho childhood Modelling the creations herself Fancy Coming Home? Jane Fonda and Richard Perry list their luxurious  7,100 square foot 90210 abode for a cool $13million Just hit the market  Winning in style: Venus Williams looks as good as ever on court as she moves into the semi-finals at the Australian Open... and her tennis was also great! Doting mom!  Naomi Watts bundles up in a chic charcoal coat and polka dot scarf as she steps out with her two sons in a windy New York City  'I'll forever be an island girl': Devin Brugman flaunts EXTREME cleavage in skimpy bikini after spilling her style tips for voluptuous women Kris Jenner congratulates new Premier of New South Wales, Australia Gladys Berejiklian before the politician gushes over the Kardashian clan 'He will not divide us': Shia LaBeouf filmed trying to punch a man in the face and screaming down 'white supremacist' at Donald Trump protest Britney Spears shaves her head as THAT moment is recreated in first trailer for Lifetime biopic starring Natasha Bassett First trailer for the film PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Louis Tomlinson looks exhausted as he touches down in NYC with identically-dressed pal days after his split from Danielle Campbell  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Iggy Azalea's ex-fiance Nick Young carries baby daughter Navi on outing with baby mama Keonna Green and son Nick Jr. LA Lakers star  'Gigi and Bella are so sweet!' Nicola Peltz gushes about 'angel' Anwar Hadid and his supermodel sisters Pair have just confirmed their relationship  'If my child is acting a fool in the grocery store, the embarrassment is on her': Mother-of-two Kristen Bell explains how she handles her children's tantrums 'It's not easy!'Melissa Benoist reveals what it's like to fly as Supergirl... and it's not as fun as it looks Dream superpower is not as fun as it seems  Been a long day? David Beckham looks stone-faced as he dons earphones while preparing for train journey from Paris to London with Victoria Speidi, Jedward and Kim Woodburn are put up for nomination alongside three others in SHOCK Celebrity Big Brother eviction twist UK reality show Glad to be back! Kate Upton couldn't look happier as she touches down in Los Angeles... despite the rain storm Showed a wide grin as she landed at LAX 'I want to break the taboo': Veteran Belgian catwalk model Hanne Gaby Odiele, 29, reveals she's intersex and started reconstructive surgery at age 10  Fashion's emerging stars! Meet the designers behind the five up-and-coming clothing brands that already count Gigi, Emily  and Kendall as fans Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Oscar winner Emma Thompson's toned upper arms Sporting a lean body  Elle Fanning shows off her slender frame promoting Sidney Hall as stars turn out for day five of Sundance Film Festival Wore statement pants All smiles! Barbara Bush poses with George H. W. Bush from his hospital bed after he's released from ICU following battle with pneumonia  'That's what happens when you get overconfident!' Priyanka Chopra reveals fall on Quantico set left her with a 'bruised brain'fall on Quantico set Bachelor villain Corinne Olympios' mother insists she wasn't actually naked in THAT pool scene as she defends daughter amid fan backlash 'I wouldn't choose me': Woody Harrelson admits he's an 'awful choice' after getting cast as Han Solo's mentor in Star Wars spinoff The Last Jedi: Star Wars Episode VIII's official title unveiled ahead of December release Will be the penultimate installment  'Happy and healthy': Teen Mom 2 star Jenelle Evans flaunts her burgeoning, tattooed baby bump on a hospital bed just days ahead of due date Who needs a runway! Gigi Hadid looks every inch the model as she struts her stuff on the streets of New York The 21-year-old donned a sheepskin-lined jacket 'Can't wait to meet you': Tori Spelling, 43, proudly shows off her baby bump six weeks ahead of son's due date She is eagerly expecting her fifth child  EXCLUSIVE 'He needs to be close to Harrods': Jonathan Cheban set to purchase $20 MILLION London mansion so he can go on lavish weekly shopping sprees EXCLUSIVE: Blac Chyna waves the white flag at Kardashian sisters, backing down after they railed against her for trademarking their famous last name 'Sometimes I even choose an outfit around my shoes': JLo joins forces with Giuseppe Zanotti to create her own high heel range that start at $795  'Got to get some legit lessons!' Channing Tatum reveals learning to play piano is 'brutal' The 36-year-old actor's New Year's Resolution was to 'learn new things' 'And we're off!' Tomb Raider director Roar Uthuag shares his excitement as cameras roll on new movie starring Alicia Vikander Lights! Camera! Action! Mariah Carey looks sexy in racy leather trench coat and fishnets as she enjoys romantic dinner date with toyboy beau Bryan Tanaka Couldn't stop smiling  Dad-to-be Liam Payne 'narrowly avoids gunman on the loose as shots are fired while he parties in Hollywood club' Scare for the singer  Agent Provocateur unveils a very raunchy campaign inspired by a FOOT FETISH photographer to promote its new spring collection Batman V Superman gets a superhero size EIGHT nominations for the Razzie Awards celebrating 2016's worst films Zoolander 2 got nine  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Ex-Spice Girl and new mom Geri Horner glows with pride as she leaves hospital hand-in-hand with husband  after giving birth Pucker up pooch! Victoria Beckham shares adorable snap with darling jumper-wearing dog on Instagram Playful with her pet Supreme Court says it will NOT hear an appeal from the Sister Wives family challenging Utah's law banning polygamy Legal battle slows down Made for kids, by kids: Target enlists real tots and tweens to design its new children's clothing collection Range fits children from sizes 4 to16 'Lazy Sunday!' Ashley Greene reflects on the day she got engaged to her longtime boyfriend Paul Khoury... as the rainy day sparks her memories Not long now! Million Dollar Listing's Josh and Heather Altman celebrate the upcoming arrival of their daughter with a Beverly Hills baby shower Surprise! Gwen Stefani joins Blake Shelton on stage for an unexpected performance in Mexico They are powerful forces both on and off the stage  Clueless star turned political pundit Stacey Dash is fired from Fox News after two years She sparked criticism during her time with the network  Catwalk queen Alessandra Ambrosio looks effortlessly chic in fluffy black coat and cool shades as she struts her stuff on the streets of Paris Back where he started! Justin Bieber jumps on stage and steps behind a drum kit for an impromptu  set during night out in West Hollywood  Not a Goop look! Gwyneth Paltrow's hair takes flight as she gets caught in the wind on rainy day Mother Nature had its own ideas for her style   Anna Friel faces opposition over a planning application for swings and a pergola at her UK home after being ordered to tear down an extension Time to get an umbrella? Madonna's daughter Lourdes Leon wraps a sweatshirt around her head as she braves the rain in New York City  Tom Brady is going to the Super Bowl! Patriots star POSES with his ex-supermodel wife Gisele as he heads for the NFL title game for a SEVENTH time  Shout Out To My Chest! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock leaves little to the imagination as she wears deeply plunging gold camisole top while partying with pals  How David Bowie and Iggy Pop were busted for drugs at rock 'n' roll party: Fan arrested with star during infamous 1976 bust breaks silence after 40 years Queen of co-ordination! Maxima is a vision in matching shades of midnight blue as she attends a mentoring event in The Hague Wore midnight blue  'I get to stay fit AND play with my kids!' Mom incorporates her two children into her yoga practice by balancing them in stunning poses on her body 'Hopefully we'll get our turn!' Matt Damon says he'll pitch clean water program to Trump Actor  took the cause of clean water to the Sundance Film Festival Soulja Boy charged with felony weapons possession after police find assault rifle and handgun at his home LA prosecutors have heightened accusations Supermodel Toni Garrn, 24,  flaunts her tanned and toned frame in tiny turquoise sports bra and yoga pants while soaking up the sun in Cancun  Selena who? Bella Hadid rocks a quirky fringed jacket as she flashes bright smile on a designer shopping spree in Paris Looked over the moon  It's all in the details! Leighton Meester dresses up a comfy coat with a jaunty hat as she picks up lunch to go Actress was spotted in a cold northern California Meghan Markle shares a series of uplifting lifestyle mantras as she hints at 'uncertain times' (on the day of Donald Trump's inauguration) Posted series of quotes Diane Kruger flashes her cleavage in sweeping gown as she joins elegant Kirsten Dunst at Christian Dior runway show for Paris Couture Fashion Week Olivia Palermo scores another fashion hit in military-style coat as she wows at Schiaparelli Paris Couture Fashion Week show  Christian Dior's first female creative director Maria Grazia Chiuri brings spring wonderland to wintry Paris with a dazzling haute couture debut  Melissa George arrives at Paris Fashion Week in her first public appearance since 'domestic violence incident' with her partner  Who needs an Angel? French lingerie fights back against Victoria's Secret show with older, unknown models to show glamor is 'within every woman's reach' Inappropriate? Former Playboy model sparks online debate with Instagram video that shows her putting her tongue in her three-year-old son's mouth Would YOUR man wear suspenders? New $35 device that looks like women's lingerie promises to keep shirts tucked in all day long Start of a new trend? Spin-off of a spin-off! Vanderpump Rules stars Jax Taylor and Brittany Cartwright to get their own show  There are already three Vanderpump shows  That jacket hasn't been deflated! Tom Brady is mocked for wearing a HUGE coat on the sidelines of championship game  Mercilessly teased Former first daughter Chelsea Clinton speaks out to defend Donald Trump's 10-year-old son from cruel internet bullies Not a Donald fan though Prince Harry wraps up in a puffer jacket as he visits ex-soldiers at a war veteran's center to learn about the mental health treatment they receive  Barefaced beauty Jessica Alba layers up in a flared trousers and oversized coat as she jets out of New York Looked beautiful while dressed down at JFK  She's asking a lot of that bathing suit! Coco Austin nearly spills out of overworked one-piece as she enjoys Miami trip with daughter Chanel Money on her mind! Kim Kardashian wants to 'sell Kimoji products in retail stores... following in the footsteps of Kanye and Kylie' 'I'm very happy': Katie Couric opens up about marriage to banker John Molner Famed journalist speaks to Ellen DeGeneres on Monday's show  I didn't really mean I want to blow up the White House, says Madonna: Star spoke in 'metaphor' at anti-Trump march as Secret Service investigate Five-star hotel in Dubai says scantily-clad Russian models who keep posting raunchy pictures online are ruining its family-friendly reputation  Victoria Beckham oozes glamour in a blue blouse and billowing tangerine trousers as she attends Paris Haute Couture Fashion Week Colour block queen Kate Moss unveils her latest capsule collection for the trendy French label Equipment (and she's taken her own coveted wardrobe as inspiration!)  Mother-of-two, 39, vies for World's Longest Legs title with her incredible 51.5-inch pins - as she's dubbed the 'human skyscraper' She is 6ft 2in tall Randy Newton! Thandie, 44, flashes her lean legs in daring thigh-split dress as she steals the show at Paris Haute Couture Fashion Week 'They have been all over each other!' Iggy Azalea spotted with music producer Ljay Currie in Mexico In sunny Cabo San Lucas Aaron Sorkin and George Clooney are vying for rights to the story of retired CIA Director David Petraeus' downfall from Jill Kelley's memoir 'You are f***ed up!' Giggling Mariah Carey eats marijuana cake with Bryan Tanaka at Amsterdam pot cafe New episode of her reality show Did somebody forget their coat? Lady Kitty Spencer braves freezing temperatures in Paris to attend the Schiaparelli show in a floaty shirt dress 'My favourite part!' Kim Kardashian shows her philanthropic side as she names visit to children's therapy centre as the highlight of her Dubai visit EXCLUSIVE: Selma Blair's handsome boyfriend is unmasked as filmmaker Ron Carlson... as they brave the LA rain with her son Arthur A Little Mix-up? Daringly-dressed Perrie Edwards looks serious in tense discussion with new boyfriend Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain outside a club A whole Lott-a love! Pixie dazzles in a pink faux fur top and skinny cropped trousers as she attends Schiaparelli show at Paris Couture Fashion Week  I like the way you mauve! Kylie Minogue sports thigh-skimming lilac mini-dress as she leads the Schiaparelli attendees at Paris Couture Fashion Week British schoolgirl, 7, who wowed with an amazing Taylor Swift impression becomes Guns N' Roses rocker Axl Rose in her latest performance Moustache fancied a change! Nicholas Hoult looks worlds away from his former self as he sports bushy new facial fuzz at Sundance Film Festival Putting it to the test already? Former Bachelor hopeful Zilda Williams strips down to her bikini at the beach hours after sharing her first laser lipo session The 68-year-old supermodel! Runway star and mother of Tesla billionaire Elon Musk reveals that she let her hair go grey and saw her career skyrocket Team spirit! Queen Letizia of Spain, 44, and her mother-in-law Sofía, 78, present the National Sports Awards in Madrid  Pair looked glamorous  Is this the world's most bizarre beauty pageant? Miss Tatarstan contestants take to the catwalk in BONDAGE style outfits as they compete for the crown  Size 22 model Tess Holliday hits back at critics who told her to 'cover up' after breastfeeding baby son while participating in Women's March 'Getting back in ballet shape!' Mick Jagger's partner Melanie Hamrick, 29, works up a sweat as she fights for her dancer's body after giving birth Steelers star Antonio Brown who sparked anger by streaming locker room celebrations on Facebook has a 'six figure marketing deal'  'Stalker', 60, is accused of bombarding Jemima Khan with social media messages and sending taxi to her house Alleged harassment Mummy's little princess! Victoria Beckham shares cute snap of 'baby girl' Harper, five, in a tiara and regal cloak... as she plants a kiss on David Rise of the itsy bitsy bottoms: Designer says skimpy bikinis 'fit your body BETTER' than bigger styles... so is it time you dared to bare? Get beach ready Ivanka Trump goes casual in loose-tied hair and black dress as she attends White House senior staff swearing in ceremony - miles from her Liberty Ball look Patriotic from head to toes! Trump's youngest daughter Tiffany shows off $725 Stars And Stripes shoes in White House photo next to brother Eric Trump supporting Happy Days actor Scott Baio is attacked at a ball 24 hours after saying he hopes the new president will lead an 'American resurgence' Today's headlines Most Read Inside Chicago's gangland empire: Eye-opening map details exactly where the city's most notorious mobsters... Single mother, 29, and her two young children are missing and their Virginia home is burnt to the ground... Revealed: How French women stay slim without even trying (and it's a lot easier than you think)  Trump will make Supreme Court appointment 'early next week' after meeting with bipartisan group of senators... Revealed: Five of the most germ-infested surfaces you touch EVERY day (and your computer keyboard isn't one... 'I heard them scream that they were on fire': Flight director who witnessed the blaze that killed three... Horrifying Nest video shows home aide HITTING an elderly woman because she fed her dog 'human food'  One-eyed mother-of-three who was found passed out in a gutter is sentenced up to five years in prison for... Conjoined twin girls who shared spine, bladder, uterus and intestines separated in one of the riskiest... Judge orders release of footage showing the fatal 2012 shooting of a suspect by Charlotte police  Minnesota Governor Mark Dayton reveals he has prostate cancer hours after dramatic collapse Paris Jackson says her father Michael was MURDERED as she reveals she attempted suicide multiple times after... EXCLUSIVE: Uma Thurman and ex Arpad Busson settle '98 per cent' of their child custody battle after duking... Babysitters reveal the CREEPIEST things children have ever told them (from saying the devil wants to see... Why you should be adding SUGAR to your shampoo: Expert reveals mixing in the sweet granules will give you... 'I have to collect my thoughts...it's all good.' Uma Thurman and ex Arpad Busson settle '98 percent' of... 'Nobody believes they're twins!' Adorable girls are born in Illinois with different skin colors to a black... Ikea recalls £20 Mysingo beach chair globally after five cases of it COLLAPSING and trapping people's... Iraqi forces retake last area of Mosul east of the Tigris River after 100 days of deadly fighting – but now... Man 'choked his mother until she blacked out and said he hoped she died after she changed channel on TV' Lost your AirPods? Apple's latest app update will help you track them down Is cancer fatal in YOUR county? Maps reveal where death rates are rising in the US - despite 20% drop in... Michigan man whose 19-year sentence for cocaine dealing was commuted by Obama is executed in halfway house... Mystery group claim Mega Millions jackpot of $83M - two months after winning Is your job having negative effects on your mental health? The subtle signs that show your career is... How to lose ten years and POUNDS from your face with this simple facial massage you can do in three minutes... La La Land equals Titanic's record-tying 14 Oscar nominations and will take on Hidden Figures and Moonlight... Oscar snubs 2017: Taraji P. Henson and Ryan Reynolds are two of the biggest stars that DIDN'T score a... Oops! ABC apologizes after listing Tom Hanks and Amy Adams as Oscar nominees on the official Academy website... MORE HEADLINES EXCLUSIVE: Now it's Caribbean sunshine on Richard Branson's island for Obama: Michelle quits washout California for private jet flight to billionaire's paradise getaway '¡No, no puede!': New White House begins with English-only website as Team Trump breaks with Obama by nixing all Spanish-language content Next stop, Necker Island: Barack and Michelle Obama are all smiles as they arrive in the British Virgin Islands on Richard Branson's private jet and head straight for his lavish private island retreat  What happens when you wear a Trump hat in NYC? Controversial YouTube star films himself 'being harassed and SPAT on' while parading around Manhattan in a 'Make America Great Again' hat after women's march 'Let Barron be a kid': Former first daughter Chelsea Clinton speaks out to defend Donald Trump's 10-year-old son from cruel internet bullies - but then immediately turns her post into a political attack on his father  PIERS MORGAN: Memo to anyone who voted for Trump or Brexit - pedophile-loving hypocrite Ewan McGregor holds you in utter contempt. So why on earth would you want to see any of his movies ever again? Bomb threats don’t Trump hate: PIERS MORGAN on the day Madonna and a bunch of famous, foul-mouthed nasty women let down ladies everywhere White House press secretary Sean Spicer waged a one-sided, five-year Twitter feud against Dippin' Dots Heartwarming moment Bear the dog has his chain cut after spending 15-years OUTSIDE on his own, tied to a doghouse  Revealed: Obama defied Congress to hand $220 MILLION to Palestinians in dying hours of his time in office - and gave millions for climate change too Kellyanne Conway allegedly punched a tuxedo-clad man repeatedly in the face as she broke up a fight at inauguration ball 'It was inexcusable': SNL writer apologizes for her 'offensive words' after she is SUSPENDED from show for tweeting that ten-year-old Barron Trump will be 'this country's first homeschool shooter' Ivanka's inauguration collection: How the outfits her children wore were custom made for $1,700 by a designer who flew to New York THREE times to perfect the pieces  Minnesota governor Mark Dayton, 69, collapses during his State of the State speech provoking panic among his fellow lawmakers Sportscaster Erin Andrews reveals her secret battle with cervical cancer Lady who lunches: Ivanka Trump hides behind an umbrella as she leaves new DC home with Secret Service and her son Joseph for the first day of her new life  Kate could be banned from the Baftas over fears she 'will OUTSHINE A-list stars': Prince William 'locked in behind-the-scenes row over whether the Duchess of Cambridge should attend the awards ceremony' White House's press secretary says our 'intention is never to lie' - then repeats claims about Trump's inauguration getting record audience Single mother, 29, and her two young children are missing and their Virginia home is burnt to the ground after she went on blind date  Piers Morgan hits back after Ewan McGregor CANCELS his Good Morning Britain appearance 'because he disagrees with his Women's March protest comments'  What exactly is she plotting? Hillary Clinton is getting briefings on what went wrong in her campaign and she and Bill WILL make some sort of political comeback say friends  'He will not divide us': Shia LaBeouf filmed trying to punch a man in the face and screaming down 'white supremacist' at Donald Trump protest Selfish motorist parks his Audi on a stranger's driveway... so she blocks him in for TWO HOURS to teach him a lesson  Plane passengers rejoice as woman who berated Trump supporter for 'putting that man's finger on the nuclear button' is thrown off Mystery deepens over world's biggest explosion 110 years ago in Russia as experts 'debunk proof' that blast the size of 185 Hiroshima bombs felt in the UK and US was caused by a meteorite Trump takes executive action to reinstate pro-life foreign aid policy and orders federal hiring freeze - 'except for the military' Activist who was walking across America barefoot to raise awareness of climate change is hit and killed by SUV Can YOU figure out how this is done? The magical moment a stick figure comes to life   Majority of 230 protesters arrested on Inauguration Day will face 10 years in prison and $25k fine as US attorney says they will be charged with felony rioting MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     PC Hardware   /   It's Time to Stop Stalling About Upgrading Windows 7 Computers       It's Time to Stop Stalling About Upgrading Windows 7 Computers     By Wayne Rash  |  Posted 2017-01-17 Print               NEWS ANALYSIS: Mainstream support for Microsoft’s most popular operating system, Windows 7, has already run out and the end of security updates is just three years away.   Windows XP should be a distant, but perhaps painful, memory by now. You remember the angst that came with the end of support for XP, with companies and personal users continuing to use the long-obsolete desktop operating system long after Microsoft had introduced new Windows versions. For the most part, Microsoft finally succeeded in weaning us off XP by offering an OS that was vastly better in the form of Windows 7. Now the same thing is happening with Windows 7. Mainstream support has already ended except for those with paid support contracts. All support will end in three years on Jan. 14, 2020. That means Microsoft won send out security updates anymore. If you’re still running Windows 7 by then the operating system will become increasingly more vulnerable to malware writers and hackers. This means that you have three years to decide what to do with your PCs that are currently running Windows 7. Microsoft has been pleading and providing multiple inducements to get people to upgrade to Windows 10. The company has even managed to anger people by trying to slip upgrades in under the radar. Enterprise customers in particular have been under increasing pressure to move away from 7 (or 8.1 if you’re stuck with that) and move into the world of Windows 10 either by buying new computers or installing the upgrade. But let’s say that you, like the majority of Windows users, are still running Windows 7. You’ve already missed the free upgrade opportunity. You’re also out of the time when you can get free support. There will be no more improvements or feature upgrades to Windows 7. Yet, you’re still running Windows 7. There are likely several reasons why you haven’t upgraded to Windows 10. The most likely is that your current computer came with Windows 7 and you’re planning to upgrade to Windows 10 when you get new hardware. Since the typical economic life of a business PC is about three years, then that upgrade will likely happen before three years is up. But there are huge numbers of businesses large and small that continue running old hardware with earlier Windows versions for five years and more until the computers utterly fail and are beyond economical repair. There’s also a chance that some application you depend on runs under Windows 7, and either you know it doesn’t work with Windows 10 (because you’ve tested it), or you are pretty sure it won’t. It's possible the application hasn’t been upgraded since the days of Windows XP. There’s the classic situation where you can’t get funding either for the purchase price of Windows 10 or for a new computer. Or it may be that you can’t upgrade to Windows 10 because it's so old it your computer can’t run it. The universe of computers that are unable to run Windows 10 is small, but it does exist, and I have one of those in the form of an HP xw8200 workstation, which is plenty fast with its two Xeon processors, but there’s a CPU instruction that Windows 10 requires, but which the CPU can’t handle. In short, this is an example of a computer that will never run the new OS. With three years left, it’s now time to start making sure that your computers are running a secure, current, operating system. Business economics being what they are, that means it’s time to start your budgeting process so that your obsolete computers are replaced by the time support for Windows 7 runs out. This will give you time to make sure that any software you’re using is compatible with Windows 10, even if you have to find a replacement. Meanwhile, this is a good time to start flagging reports in eWEEK and elsewhere about the latest security breaches, about executives that lost their jobs because of security breaches or better yet, those that faced lawsuits or even faced criminal charges because they failed to adequately maintain cyber-security. That's sure to get the attention of even the most recalcitrant CFO. It may also be time to start considering alternatives to Windows, especially for the back office. While Windows Server has a reputation for reliability and stability, so does Linux, where you rarely have to worry about end of life issues and where upgrades seem to go on forever. While Microsoft and to a lesser extent Apple pretty much have the desktop nailed down, the same isn’t true of server platforms and you can switch if you start planning now. And yes, I know those servers aren’t running Windows 7. Windows Server has the same limitations for support as the desktop version. So just ignore the bargain prices for Windows 7 workstations and laptops in the electronics ads and start buying Windows 10 machines. Just because an inexpensive new computer is running Windows 7 doesn’t mean that Microsoft's technical support policy will change, because it won’t. But if you start the upgrade and replacement process now you can complete it while Microsoft is still providing Windows 7 security updates. Believe me, the last thing you want to do is try to explain to your bosses why you bought a bunch of new computers, knowing that they would soon lose their security support.           LATEST PC HARDWARE ARTICLES   Apple Latest to 'Pile On' Qualcomm in Antitrust Lawsuits OKI Data Kicks Off 2017 With New Color Printers For SMBs It's Time to Stop Stalling About Upgrading Windows 7 Computers Raspberry Pi Compute Module 3 Extends IoT HP Unwraps Powerful HP ZBook 15u Mobile Workstation for Professionals                 Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend         News and Reviews Slideshows Google Open Sources Data Visualization Tool for Machine Learning Cisco Security Business Group Continues to Accelerate Growth Amazon Go Won't Kill Many Jobs, But It May Prove a Boon to Crooks Microsoft, Harman Kardon to Take on Amazon Echo, Google Home Yahoo Suffers New Hack; 1 Billion Users Impacted This Time 10 Things T-Mobile Has Done to Move O... With approximately 70 million subscribers, T-Mobile isn’t the... Watch Now                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2017 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2017 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  
We're Sorry eNCA does not support the browser you are using. Please update Internet Explorer to version 11 or higher, or download and install the Google Chrome browser No thanks I'll take my chances ... click here to view eNCA.com in this browser. 27 °C 17 °C Johannesburg, South Africa 31 °C 19 °C Pretoria, South Africa 19 °C 16 °C Cape Town, South Africa 28 °C 23 °C Durban, South Africa 29 °C 20 °C Mbombela, South Africa 24 °C 17 °C Bloemfontein, South Africa 31 °C 19 °C Polokwane, South Africa 27 °C 18 °C Port Elizabeth, South Africa 31 °C 18 °C East London, South Africa 33 °C 13 °C Upington, South Africa 23 °C 18 °C Mahikeng, South Africa Change City Johannesburg Pretoria Cape Town Durban Mbombela Bloemfontein Polokwane Port Elizabeth East London Upington Mahikeng Newsletters News Stream TV Guide Video 2016 Newsmakers of the Year Story Ford Kuga fire: 'I'm scared to drive' Story Donald Trump's presidential inauguration Top Stories Video New Radio South Africa Africa World Money Sport Technology Life Opinion Weather News Interviews Podcasts Comment Now! Mobile chipmaker Qualcomm hit with US antitrust suit Technology Wednesday 18 January 2017 - 3:39am One of many Qualcomm buildings is shown in San Diego, California, US on November 3, 2015. Photo: Reuters WASHINGTON - Mobile chip giant Qualcomm was hit Tuesday with a US antitrust suit alleging it abused its dominant position in the market for processors used in cell phones and other devices. The US Federal Trade Commission filed a lawsuit in federal court in California claiming Qualcomm's practices amount to "unlawful maintenance of a monopoly in baseband processors," which are devices that enable cellular communications in phones and other products. Qualcomm rejected the agency's case as "significantly flawed," arguing that reasoning at the heart of the civil complaint is wrong. "In our recent discussions with the FTC, it became apparent that it still lacked basic information about the industry and was instead relying on inaccurate information and presumptions," Qualcomm general counsel Don Rosenberg said in a released statement. Qualcomm, which is the dominant provider of chips for smartphones, has faced similar antitrust investigations in the European Union and China, and last month was hit with a record fine of $850 million by South Korean enforcement regulators. In the US lawsuit, the FTC said Qualcomm's policy is to supply its processors only on the condition that cell phone manufacturers agree to Qualcomm's "preferred licence terms" for patents which are essential for mobile communications. "By using its monopoly power to obtain elevated royalties that apply to baseband processors supplied by its competitors, Qualcomm in effect collects a 'tax' on cell phone manufacturers when they use non-Qualcomm processors," the lawsuit said. "This tax weakens Qualcomm's competitors, including by reducing demand for their processors, and serves to maintain Qualcomm's monopoly in baseband processor markets." Qualcomm's actions have hurt competitors including Taiwan-based Via Technologies, which was acquired by Intel in 2015, and another Taiwan firm, MediaTek Inc. The suit also alleges that Qualcomm "extracted exclusivity from Apple in exchange for reduced patent royalties," which prevented the iPhone maker from getting processors from Qualcomm's competitors from 2011 to 2016.  Qualcomm general counsel Rosenberg maintained that the FTC sped up the investigation, filing the suit just days before a change in the US presidential administration and with only three of five agency commissioners in place. "This is an extremely disappointing decision to rush to file a complaint," Rosenberg said. "It became apparent that the FTC was driving to file a complaint before the transition to the new administration." The San Diego, California, group in 2015 agreed to pay $975 million to settle antitrust charges in China. The tech group is challenging an EU competition inquiry which could result in a fine of up to 10 percent of its annual sales, which amounted to $26.5 billion for Qualcomm in 2015. AFP Comment Now! Discussion Policy Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. RELATED STORIES After cyber attacks, Internet of Things wrestles with making smart devices safer 08 November 2016 Recent cyber attacks that harnessed IOT devices have raised questions of whether smart devices are well equipped in the task of foiling hackers. Wireless tech for cars 26 May 2015 Daimler and Qualcomm to develop wireless charging for mobile devices and electric vehicles Qualcomm to pay hefty fine over anti-monopoly claim 10 February 2015 The company has agreed to pay $975 million to China after the government found that the chipmaker violated that country's anti-monopoly laws. Trending 1WATCH: The sermon that enraged Somizi 2Somizi Mhlongo walks out of homophobic sermon, mixed reactions 3WATCH: EFF threatens action as ANC denies War Room smear campaign 4Ivory Coast hit by fresh protests in wake of mutiny 5Trump cuts off funding of foreign NGOs supporting abortion Full coverage Rite of passage denied Mother loses faith in initiation after son dies Turmoil at the SABC MPs set sights on appointing interim SABC board The underworld Lawyer asks court to allow Krejcir and son's mother to talk Tertiary students' uprising Fees Must Fall protesters urge UP to allow them to register for 2017 View All Cartoon Currencies Commodities JSE Indices US Dollar 13.3825 -0.0286 GB Pound 16.7531 -0.0385 Euro 14.3611 -0.0071 View More Data delayed by at least 15 minutes. ICE Brent Crude $ 55.34 -0.2 Gold $ 1209.42 -0.3 Platinum $ 996 -0.62 View More Data delayed by at least 15 minutes. FTSE/JSE Top 40 46461.9 0 FTSE/JSE All Share 53342.03 0 FTSE/JSE Resource 10 36210.14 0 View More Data delayed by at least 15 minutes. SECTIONS Top Stories South Africa Africa World Money Sport Life Technology Opinion SHOWS Against All Odds CheckPoint eNCA Afrikaans eNCA isiZulu eNews Direct eShibobo Judge For Yourself Maggs on Media Meet the Media with Eusebius Mckasier Moneyline The Justice Factor Week In One ABOUT About Contact Jobs News Team Privacy Policy Press Releases Licensing Discussions Policy Advertise on eNCA.com WATCH US ON Livestation DSTV 403 e.tv africa eNews Direct eNuus Kyknet FOLLOW US ON Twitter Facebook Youtube RSS Feeds © 2016 eNews Channel Africa. All rights reserved NEWS STREAMclose View All News Stream 0 eNCA.com would like to send you push notifications. Notifications can be turned off any time in your browser settings. Yes, please. No, thanks. You have been registered for browser notifications Click here to find out how to turn notifcations off in browser settings. Close
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Home Budget 2017MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMF TechJobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWSpeedET Portfolio News Company Corporate TrendsDeals Industry Economy AgricultureFinanceForeign TradeIndicatorsInfrastructurePolicy Politics and Nation Brandwire BFSITechConstructionServicesEntertainmentPublic PolicyIndustrial Goods & ServicesAutoMisc. Defence Equipment & OrdnanceMultimediaAnalysis & Geo-StrategyInternal SecurityIndustryInternationalPolicy & GovtMobility & WeaponsPeopleCommunication & Cyber International India Unlimited Swachh BharatMake in IndiaSmart Cities24X7 PowerModel VillagesFinancial InclusionTax ReformsDigital GovernanceVisit IndiaCSRCSR CompendiumNewsPolicyAnalysis & TrendsInitiatives More SportsScienceEnvironmentClean Air InitiativeGlobal WarmingThe Good EarthDevelopmental IssuesFlora & FaunaPollutionWild & WackyEarth SummitET TVLatest NewsMost ReadMost SharedMost Commented BusinessWorld News ET Home›News›International›Business 04:05 PM | 24 Janmarket stats SENSEX 27,376258.24 NIFTY 50 8,47684.30 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,722-81.00 USD/INR 68.14-0.07 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Sensex rallies 258 pts; Nifty50 tops 8,470; Bajaj Auto top gainer Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Mobile chipmaker Qualcomm hit with US antitrust suit By AFP | Updated: Jan 18, 2017, 01.19 PM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » US Federal Trade Commission | San Diego | Qualcomm | California | Apple Qualcomm rejected the agency's case as "significantly flawed," arguing that reasoning at the heart of the civil complaint is wrong. Budget 2017: Can Arun Jaitley make you & economy happy? Click for our special Budget 2017 coverage WASHINGTON: Mobile chip giant Qualcomm has been hit with a US antitrust suit alleging it abused its dominant position in the market for processors used in cell phones and other devices. The US Federal Trade Commission filed a lawsuit in federal court in California claiming Qualcomm's practices amount to "unlawful maintenance of a monopoly in baseband processors," which are devices that enable cellular communications in phones and other products. Qualcomm rejected the agency's case as "significantly flawed," arguing that reasoning at the heart of the civil complaint is wrong. "In our recent discussions with the FTC, it became apparent that it still lacked basic information about the industry and was instead relying on inaccurate information and presumptions," Qualcomm general counsel Don Rosenberg said in a released statement. Qualcomm, which is the dominant provider of chips for smartphones, has faced similar antitrust investigations in the European Union and China, and last month was hit with a record fine of $850 million by South Korean enforcement regulators. In the US lawsuit, the FTC said Qualcomm's policy is to supply its processors only on the condition that cell phone manufacturers agree to Qualcomm's "preferred license terms" for patents which are essential for mobile communications. "By using its monopoly power to obtain elevated royalties that apply to baseband processors supplied by its competitors, Qualcomm in effect collects a 'tax' on cell phone manufacturers when they use non-Qualcomm processors," the lawsuit said. "This tax weakens Qualcomm's competitors, including by reducing demand for their processors, and serves to maintain Qualcomm's monopoly in baseband processor markets." Qualcomm's actions have hurt competitors including Taiwan-based Via Technologies, which was acquired by Intel in 2015, and another Taiwan firm, MediaTek Inc. The suit also alleges that Qualcomm "extracted exclusivity from Apple in exchange for reduced patent royalties," which prevented the iPhone maker from getting processors from Qualcomm's competitors from 2011 to 2016. Qualcomm general counsel Rosenberg maintained that the FTC sped up the investigation, filing the suit just days before a change in the US presidential administration and with only three of five agency commissioners in place. "This is an extremely disappointing decision to rush to file a complaint," Rosenberg said. "It became apparent that the FTC was driving to file a complaint before the transition to the new administration." The San Diego, California, group in 2015 agreed to pay $975 million to settle antitrust charges in China. The tech group is challenging an EU competition inquiry which could result in a fine of up to 10 per cent of its annual sales, which amounted to $26.5 billion for Qualcomm in 2015. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! FROM AROUND THE WEB Toyota - Less browsing, more dancing Toyota 10 people most affected by Modi's anti-black money crackdown CRITICSUNION Own monthly rent generating property for as little as ₹5L Property Share MORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Air Force One - Perks of being the US President Donald Trump 'needs to learn how to cry' from Barack Obama Capex on rail infrastructure see sharp jump over 28% READ MORE ON » US Federal Trade Commission | San Diego | Qualcomm | California | Apple To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented View: Modi's move to dismantle bureaucracy, the demonic relic of the Raj, deserves a standing ovation US President Donald Trump speaks with PM Narendra Modi over phone A single taxpayer owes 11% of total tax paid by all Indians in 2014-15 Where are the fake notes? Even RBI doesn't know Impose tax on cash withdrawal above Rs 50,000, panel on digital payments suggests PM Modi More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebUnion Budget|Income Tax calculator Income Tax Slabs|Budget 2017 UP & Punjab Assembly Elections 2017|BUDGET 2017-What's Cheaper & Expensive Sensex, Nifty Live Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 5 Top Home Automation Investments Looking for the best places for your investment dollars in the home automation segment? Here are some ideas Danny Vena (TMFLifeIsGood) Jan 17, 2017 at 7:12PM If you're considering an investment in the home automation segment, there are a mind-boggling number of choices. You can invest in individual component manufacturers, professional systems installation companies, or managed services. We will look at some of the best in each category. Home automation falls into three very broad categories. Let's look at a few potential investments in each: Professionally installed systems. Managed service systems. Do-it-yourself (DIY). Home automation is reaching into every aspect of our lives. Image source: Pixabay. The whole shebang Professionally installed systems are integrated when the home is built or a retrofit is done. There are several such companies, but most are privately held. One exception, that's also a leader in the field -- is Control4 Corporation (NASDAQ:CTRL). This is the only pure play on the list. This company is extremely small, with a market cap of about $265 million, at the time of writing. It provides a wide variety of systems and options and serves both the home and business markets. It provides choices in all the major component categories including lighting and environment controls, entertainment, security, and networks to control them all. It also integrates with over 10,000 existing third-party products.  On the operational side, the company has been growing revenue and earnings, up 27% and 49%, respectively, year over year in the most recent quarter. It has been expanding gross margin and investing in sales and marketing efforts, which Control4 believes will result in additional revenue growth. It has been developing internationally and acquired Pakedge Networking last year. Control4 believes that having its own networking solution will not only drive revenues but also help dealers identify issues in customer networks, leading to greater levels of customer satisfaction. The company is growing its network of dealers that install its products and increasing its addressable market by providing solutions for middle-income homeowners while still serving the luxury market. This company seems to be pursuing growth in a smart and measured way, and the stock will probably move higher. The future of awesome Image source: Comcast. Managed service systems offer a more limited range of offerings, centered mostly on security, while charging a monthly monitoring fee. The best way to play this segment may be an investment in Comcast Corporation (NASDAQ:CMCSA). Its service is security based but also provides lighting and environment controls, while already having an "in" with networks and entertainment from its cable and broadband offerings. It sees this market as a natural extension of its existing business. Having its own broadband provides distinct advantages, allowing it to control that portion of the equation. The company has consistently grown both revenue and earnings over the past five years, and the stock has increased 174% to the S&P's 73% over the same time period.   Alexa, can you find my... ? The do-it-yourself market is much more cluttered and provides a variety of options to the discerning investor. Amazon.com's (NASDAQ:AMZN) Alexa, Alphabet's (NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google Assistant, and Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) Siri all represent entries into the nascent virtual-assistant category, and all offer a multitude of products that integrate with their devices. Each of these virtual assistants responds to voice commands. Amazon Echo and Echo Dot. Image source: Amazon.com. Amazon currently has the advantage of a yearlong head start with its Amazon Echo speaker system, powered by Alexa. It has meanwhile been integrating Alexa into its other products, including its Echo range, Tap, and Fire TV. This advantage should not be underestimated. Amazon released Alexa to third-party hardware providers that have been integrating Alexa into their products.  The list of products Amazon's assistant can partner with is quite extensive, including such diverse offerings as hubs -- which control and network the system -- lighting, and environmental, as well as a laundry list of big-name service partners. Not to be outdone, Apple recently released its HomeKit, which comes with its Siri pedigree and its own list of iCompatible device categories that include alarms and sensors, heating and cooling, and lights and switches. These are compatible across a wide swath of iPod, iPads, and, of course, iPhones.   iPhone 7 powered by Siri. Image source: Apple, Inc. Google, though late to the party, wants to steal the show. The Google Assistant is the brains behind the Google Home smart speaker and is integrated into the majority of Google-branded hardware products, including Android phones, Chromecast, and Android TV. It will also network with Google's software programs, including Google Calendar and Maps. In a recent research report, analytics firm IHS Markit reported that it believes that Google Smart Speakers will overtake Echo's lead by 2020.   Did I mention that these three companies also have other businesses? Image source: Google. No company is perfect, and each of these suggestions comes with its own potential downside. Amazon's dominance as an e-retailer is well known, and home automation is one of many additional revenue streams it's pursuing. Since it has a P/E of 187, investors need to understand that if home automation is what they're interested in, they're paying a premium for Amazon's projected growth in online retail and the plethora of ventures it's pursuing. Google's premium is much more reasonable, with a P/E of 30, but similar to Amazon, home automation represents only a small fraction of its business. Apple is the most reasonably priced of the three, with a P/E of 14, but be aware that its share price, along with the majority of its revenue and income, depends directly on the success or failure of its ubiquitous iPhone and its release cycles. The Foolish final word While not inclusive, this list provides investors with a starting point to invest in the home-automation segment. There are many ways to play this burgeoning market, so maybe one should ask "Alexa, what's the best home automation investment?" On second thought, better not: Her answer might be biased. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Danny Vena owns shares of Alphabet (A shares), Amazon.com, and Apple. Danny Vena has the following options: long January 2018 $85 calls on Apple, short January 2018 $90 calls on Apple, long January 2018 $640 calls on Alphabet (C shares), and short January 2018 $650 calls on Alphabet (C shares). The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A shares), Alphabet (C shares), Amazon.com, and Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Danny Vena (TMFLifeIsGood) I am a long-term investor who looks for intangibles that will provide for explosive growth opportunities for my investments. Article Info Jan 17, 2017 at 7:12PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $119.97 down $0.11 (-0.09%) Alphabet (A shares) NASDAQ:GOOGL $849.53 up $5.10 (0.60%) Amazon.com NASDAQ:AMZN $822.26 up $4.38 (0.54%) Comcast NASDAQ:CMCSA $73.63 up $0.37 (0.51%) Control4 NASDAQ:CTRL $11.30 up $0.05 (0.44%) Read More Alexa Could Be Amazon's "Fourth Pillar" Why 2017 Will Be the Year of the Virtual Assistant Amazon.com Has Officially Begun Drone Delivery 3 Stocks Worth Stuffing in Holiday Stockings This Year The 3 Best Technology Stocks for 2017 Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current 5 Top Home Automation Investments @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $GOOGL, $AMZN, $CMCSA, $CTRL
Login All Reviews Editorials News How to Make Your Amazon Echo Respond to 'Computer' Instead of 'Alexa' Yoky Matsuoka Left Apple to Return to Nest Apple Patches 8 Security Flaws in Apple TV with tvOS 10.1.1 Tips macOS Sierra: PiPifier Gives You Picture-in-Picture For All Videos How to Factory Reset Apple AirPods, May Help with Battery and Pairing Issues Podcasts iPhone 8 and Contactless Charging - TMO Daily Observations 2017-01-24 TMO Background Mode: Interview with 9News/KUSA TV Anchor/Reporter Kyle Clark View All Results → V-Moda Crossfade LP2 Headphones Sweat the Details iKlip Grip Pro an Excellent Multifunction Tripod, Monopod, Selfie Stick Minix NEO C Mini USB-C to HDMI: Low Cost, Low Weight Just Mobile's AluCharge 4-Port USB-A Charger Falls Just Short Matias Wireless Aluminum Keyboard: The Apple Keyboard You've Been Looking For View All Reviews → Your Apple Watch Could Eventually Become a Complete BioMed Lab Apple's Multiple OS Family Used to Be a Good Idea Automatic Photo Enhancement by Photolemur for Mac Apple's Underappreciated Technical Evolution 9th Circuit Allows App Store 'Monopoly' Class Action against Apple to Proceed View All Editorials → AT&T Officially Kills Off 2G, Original iPhone Support Jeff Gamet @jgamet · +Jeff Gamet Jan 17th, 2017 6:08 PM EST | News Farewell, 2G. AT&T officially ended 2G support on its network as of the first of the year, and it’s a safe bet almost no one noticed. Dropping 2G support means older phones like the original iPhone won’t work for phone calls any more, and it also opens wireless spectrum that’ll eventually benefit LTE. AT&T shut down its 2G network and the ability to make calls from the original iPhone Ending 2G support wasn’t a surprise. AT&T announced 2G’s coming demise four years ago, and has been working to get old-school stragglers into phones supporting more modern 3G and 4G wireless technologies. As of January 1st, 2017, anyone who hadn’t retired their 2G phone didn’t have to worry about unwanted calls—or any calls at all. That said, AT&T is still supporting surprisingly old phones like the iPhone 3G. The iconic original iPhone, however, has finally been left behind. 2G, 3G, 4G, and LTE Primer Wireless data and cellular communication standards gets confusing fairly quickly, but we’ll get through this together. The short version is that 2G is really old and slow, 3G is a little newer and faster, and 4G/LTE is newer and faster still. Your carrier plays a big role in the speed of your wireless data connection, too. As a rule of thumb, AT&T and T-Mobile are faster than Verizon and Sprint. 2G Wireless 2G dates back to the 1990s and marks the first time cell phones could make digital calls. It didn’t support wireless data, at least not in the way we’re used to today. Still, AT&T considers EDGE as part of its 2G network, which is why the original iPhone can’t make or receive calls any more. EDGE Wireless Original iPhone owners remember EDGE and how amazing it was to have what seemed like a truly usable and always available wireless data connection. EDGE came along after 2G but before 3G, making it something like 2.5G. EDGE and AT&T’s 2G network operated on the GSM 800/1900 MHz frequencies, which are about to get repurposed. 3G Wireless 3G was a game changer for the iPhone because that’s when our wireless data connections turned into something we could really use all the time thanks to its substantially faster speeds. Apple’s first smartphone model to support the faster standard was aptly named the iPhone 3G. AT&T’s 3G network is now the minimum supported and operates on the cryptic-sounding WCDMA (UMTS) HSPA 850/1900 MHz (Band 2 and Band 5) frequencies. 4G and LTE Wireless 4G and LTE made their debut on the iPhone 5 with markedly faster connection speeds compared to 3G. 4G operates on HSPA and HSPA+ 850/1900 MHz (Band 2 and Band 5). LTE, which is an even faster version of AT&T’s 4G network operates on HSPA and HSPA+ HSPA and HSPA+ 850/1900 MHz (Band 2 and Band 5), as well as 1700/2100 MHz (Band 4), and 700 MHz (Band 17). The Argument for Killing 2G/EDGE For AT&T, the decision to shut down its 2G network can be summed up in two words: wireless congestion. AT&T Technology and Operations Chief Strategy Officer and Group President John Donovan explained the decision saying, Today, our 3G and 4G LTE networks cover 99% of Americans. By shutting down our 2G network, this frees up more spectrum for future network technologies, including 5G. In the next few months, we plan to repurpose that spectrum for LTE. Wireless data usage on AT&T’s network is up 250,000% percent since 2007, which just so happens to be when the original iPhone launched. The iPhone changed the smartphone landscape by turning the devices into a tool for everyone and not just business executives. Today, Apple and Samsung account for the bulk of smartphones, and customers are using more wireless data every year. Carriers need to expand their infrastructure to accomodate their users, so AT&T is repurposing the little used 2G spectrum to help ease the strain on its 4G LTE network. For modern iPhone owners, that’s good news. As for those retro first generation iPhones? They’re still cool and work on WiFi networks; they just aren’t phones any more. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Email Print Tumblr Tags: 2G, AT&T, EDGE, iPhone 2 Comments Add a comment vpndev January 17, 2017 This might have some impact on use of StingRays, I think. If I recall correctly, the older ones (most common still) work by getting the phone to connect using 2G rather than the later schemes that are more secure (LTE especially). I suppose that newer phones will still be 2G-capable but that might change with an update. January 17, 2017 at 8:56 EST PM dlstarr7 January 17, 2017 Ah so this is how Decorah Iowa finally got LTE over thanksgiving! January 17, 2017 at 9:03 EST PM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials iPhone 8 May Sport Wireless Charging, But it Won't Come From Energous Jeff Gamet | January 24, 2017 Your Apple Watch Could Eventually Become a Complete BioMed Lab John Martellaro | January 20, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Have a tech question? Visit our Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group and have the tech support brilliance of the entire Mac Geek Gab community at your fingertips! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $119.97 -0.11 (-0.09%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » How to Make Your Amazon Echo Respond to 'Computer' Instead of 'Alexa' Yoky Matsuoka Left Apple to Return to Nest Apple Patches 8 Security Flaws in Apple TV with tvOS 10.1.1 Apple Releases Sierra 10.12.3 Update with Fixes for PDF, MacBook Pro with Touch Bar, Security, More Apple releases iOS 10.2.1 and watchOS 3.1.3 with Security Updates Recent Tips See All » macOS Sierra: PiPifier Gives You Picture-in-Picture For All Videos How to Factory Reset Apple AirPods, May Help with Battery and Pairing Issues How To Watch The Inauguration on Apple TV and Online iOS Tip: Avoid Charging Your Wet iPhone 7/7 Plus macOS: Taking Timed Screenshots Recent Editorials See All » Your Apple Watch Could Eventually Become a Complete BioMed Lab Apple's Multiple OS Family Used to Be a Good Idea Automatic Photo Enhancement by Photolemur for Mac Apple's Underappreciated Technical Evolution 9th Circuit Allows App Store 'Monopoly' Class Action against Apple to Proceed 9571 Jeff Gamet news 2 1484676515 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Reviews Reviews Camera Reviews GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark II: Australian Review Impossible Project I-1 Polaroid Camera: The Gizmodo Review Leica's Waterproof X-U Camera: The Gizmodo Review Car Reviews Volvo S90: Australian Review 2016 Holden Astra: Australian Review Driving The Epic 2017 Nissan GT-R 2017 Ford Focus RS: Australian Review Phone Reviews Motorola Moto Z: Australian Review Battle Of The Cheap Smartphones: OnePlus 3T Vs LeEco Le Pro3 LG V20: Australian Review Sony Xperia XZ: Australian Review PC Reviews SCUF Infinity1 And Infinity4PS Pro Controllers: The Australian Review iKBC F87 Australian Review: No Frills, No Fuss Origin PC Chronos: Australian Review LG 27UD88 4K FreeSync Monitor: Australian Review Smartwatch Reviews Huawei Fit: The Gizmodo Review Apple Watch Nike+: Australian Review The Pebble 2 Is Now The Only Fitness Tracking Smartwatch You Need Fitbit Charge 2 Review: The Best Fitness Tracker, Period Gadgets Reviews DJI Mavic Pro 4K Drone Review: So Close To Terrific URB-E Electric Scooter: Australian Review This Folding Bike Has Built-In GPS To Track Your Rides This Handheld Scanner Was Supposed To Change My Life, But I've Never Been More Disappointed In A Gadget Gaming Reviews The Astro A50s Are Good Headphones With A Great Wireless Station Razer's eSports Gear Didn't Make Me Want To Play An eSports, But It Sure Is Nice Anyway Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare: Australian Review Sony PlayStation 4 Pro: The Gizmodo Review Entertainment Reviews Emerald City Is So Shallow That It Almost Appears Deep Beyond Is The Perfect Sci-Fi Show To Have On While Cleaning Your Home Nvidia Shield (2017): The Gizmodo Review Apple AirPods: Australian Review Emerald City Is So Shallow That It Almost Appears Deep Beyond Is The Perfect Sci-Fi Show To Have On While Cleaning Your Home Microsoft Surface Book With Performance Base: Australian Review Volvo S90: Australian Review Gadgets FTC Says This Smartphone Breathalyser Is Actually A Bunch Of Crap These Are Your Most Insane Airplane Horror Stories The British Accidentally Fired A Ballistic Missile At The U.S. And It's Fine, Everything's Fine You Can Get A Weed Leaf Decal For Literally Any Gadget, So I Did Mobile Rural Mobile Broadband Coverage Is Getting A Boost From Optus How To Make Any Video Play Perfectly On Your Smartphone New Report: Fake iPhone Chargers Have a 99% Chance Of Failure Samsung Won't Launch The Galaxy S8 Until March Car Tech Watch A Guy Put His Car In Reverse At 110KM/H This Month In Dashcams: Learn To Overtake Safely, Please Uber To Pay Out $26 Million After Promising Drivers 'Exaggerated' Wages The 2018 Ford Mustang Kills The V6, But Gets Magnetic Ride Online Peter Thiel Gains New Zealand Citizenship As Tech Elites Prep For Doomsday A US ISP Tweeted Out Some Spectacularly Awful Security Advice Tidal And Sprint Create The Saddest Business Partnership Ever Wikihow Turned Obama, Jay-Z And Beyoncé White To Explain 'How To Become A Congressman' Science & Health Watch How Fossils Get Cleaned And Prepared These Five Teams Will Duke It Out For $26 Million In A Race To The Moon The Most Advanced Weather Satellite Yet Just Dropped Its First Amazing Images Yes, The Eerie Carl Sagan Prediction That's Going Viral Is Real Cameras I'm Equally Excited For Two Very Different Cameras An Australian Company Says It Can Hijack Drones Wirelessly Leica's M10 Is Another Beautiful, High-End German Masterpiece Of A Camera You Can Now Do Harvard's Photography Course Online (For Free) Computing Deals: Learn How To Blind Everyone With Data Science 5 Reasons To Give Microsoft's Edge Browser Another Chance Even With A GTX 1060, Is Intel's Quad-Core Q6600 Good Enough? 4 Computer Security Threats You Might Not Be Protecting Against Gaming Don't Have Kids Neko Atsume Could Seriously Be The First Good Video Game Movie What We Know About The Nintendo Switch's Garbage Graphics This Might Be The Cthulhu Video Game Of Our Nightmares, Er, Dreams Entertainment Director Rian Johnson Had To Wait Until This Morning To Complete The Last Jedi's Opening Crawl Good Morning, Here's John Wick As Michael Jackson The Godzilla Sequel Has Found Its Director All Arrival and No Deadpool: The Oscar Nominations Are Here Toggle navigation Reviews Camera Reviews Car Reviews Phone Reviews PC Reviews Smartwatch Reviews Gadgets Reviews Gaming Reviews Entertainment Reviews Gadgets Mobile Car Tech Online Science & Health Cameras Computing Gaming Entertainment Best. School Excursion. Ever. Don't Have Kids Who Is 'The Last Jedi'? The British Accidentally Fired A Ballistic Missile At The U.S. And It's Fine, Everything's Fine Everything We Think We Know About The Samsung Galaxy S8 Campbell Simpson Jan 18, 2017, 11:30am ⋅ Filed to:  Australian Stories feature samsung samsung galaxy s8 samsung galaxy s8 plus Share Samsung has a lot to make up for after the the debacle that was the Galaxy Note7. In the next month or so, it'll have the perfect chance to do so with the launch of its next flagship phone. Here's everything we've gleaned in the last 11 months of rumours and speculation — and the occasional leak — about the upcoming Samsung Galaxy S8 and its larger S8 Plus sibling. There'll be two size variants, like the iPhone. Every Galaxy phone since the S6 in early 2015 has had two sizes available — the S6 and S6 Plus, and the S7 and S7 Edge. Everything we've seen points to this continuing on the upcoming S8, but supersized. As technology improves across the board, we see bigger screens make their way into phones that are no larger physically than last year. The S7 had some pretty skinny bezels but the S8 should take that to the next level. We like big phones and small phones equally, and choice is always good. It'll have a bigger, curved screen in a similar body size. Reports around the 'net seem to agree that the Galaxy S8 and its larger S8 Plus variant will have larger displays than the outgoing S7 and S7 Edge. Where those Android phones used a 5.1- and 5.5-inch screen respectively, we've seen a series of rumours — most recently from GSMArena — that suggest comparatively massive 5.7- and 6.3-inch screens in phones barely larger than the previous generation. That's a big jump It will use a USB-C charging and data connector. This one is almost a certainty, given that the Galaxy Note 7 was the first Samsung phone to make the jump to the newer USB standard connector, which is reversible, and supports much higher data transfer speeds as well as native video output and audio support. Samsung produces a lot of gadgets, and we're in the middle of a difficult transition period between microUSB and Type-C, but we're confident that the S8 will use USB Type-C and will push the standard itself out to many It won't have a 3.5mm headphone jack — sorry. There are two reasons for this to happen, as much as we're annoyed about losing trouble-free connectivity to our favourite wired hi-fi headphones. Partly because USB-C supports audio out (at the same time as slow charging, too, if you have an appropriate dual-port adapter) and partly because the increasingly thin size of phones, the 3.5mm connector is slowly but surely going the way of the dinosaur. If you've got Bluetooth headphones already you don't need to worry at all, but it's also almost certain that Samsung will include a USB-C to 3.5mm adapter in the box — just leave it attached to your headphones. It'll use Samsung's (and Qualcomm's) latest processor. Samsung's mid-year flagship phones generally have the newest and most powerful mobile system-on-chip processors available until the late-year Note release, and we're expecting this year's Galaxy refresh to be no different. US versions of the phone will probably use the latest Qualcomm Snapdragon 835, which Qualcomm is producing at Samsung's own foundries like Apple does for its iPhone chips. International version of the Galaxy line-up usually use Samsung's own in-house-developed Exynos chips, and the latest of those is apparently the incredibly fast Exynos 8895 quad-core. It'll be waterproof, and have expandable storage. Waterproofing is almost certain given its existence on even the mid-range Galaxy A series. Expandable storage was a notable exclusion from the Galaxy S6 and Note5 series of phones, and consumers — enthusiasts especially — decried the lack of future extra space. Its return on the Note7 was a big enough deal that Samsung even threw in a 256GB microSD card for pre-orders. With that in mind, we think it's a no-brainer for the S8 and S8 Plus to include microSD. Comments dazzler @dazzler3622 Jan 18, 2017, 12:40pm Getting rid of the aux out in order to make the phone thinner? That's two reasons why I wouldn't buy this phone! Reply 3 jedinudist @jedinudist Jan 19, 2017, 12:44am Evolve or be left behind mate. I could care less about a head phone jack. Its old tech since the stone age. Wireless is the way forward. besides the USB C supports audio so what are you worried about ? Reply 0 dazzler @dazzler3622 Jan 19, 2017, 7:33am Wireless is just more devices to charge, no thanks. And 2 ports to 1 is a step backwards, not evolution. Replace it with another USB-C port, or a micro-USB or something! Its old tech since the stone age I'd like to see you drive a car without wheels! Last edited January 19, 2017 7:55 am Reply 1 kaiminator @kaiminator Jan 18, 2017, 12:45pm Was about to jump ship from Apple to Samsung from my Iphone 6... Now I don't know what to buy... These companies can shove their phones up their arse for forcing the removal of 3.5mm AUX. Reply -1 bugsquash @bugsquash Jan 18, 2017, 2:19pm Go Pixel. Great phones Reply 0 skrybe @skrybe Jan 18, 2017, 2:35pm Apart from the audio problems that appear to be hardware related in an unknown number of them (since they won't announce which ones suffer the issue). I'd take the removal of the 3.5mm jack with a grain of salt. There is another rumour floating around that it will have it. Hell, I'd take almost all the so called features with a grain of salt until we get an official release. Reply 0 dazzler @dazzler3622 Jan 18, 2017, 2:53pm Get an S7 or S7 Edge, it'll feel much faster than your iphone 6 and they're getting cheaper all the time! Reply 0 Daaaaamm,I'mLookin'Good @skinja Jan 18, 2017, 3:15pm will second this i have a S7 Edge after returning my note 7. not anywhere near as good as the Note 7 in every area (except of course the .0 something % of a chance of it blowing up, but hey, they could be any phone with that percentage) im hanging out for the Note 8 cant wait to get my hands back on a phone with a stylus. Reply 0 Dirtyshadow Guest Jan 18, 2017, 2:47pm You forgot Point 7... Less Explosions (planned? not yet tested!) I prefer more features and function, durability, performance, memory capacity over how thin and fragile you make the case... especially if the heat of the processors in such a thin shell and limited heat piping was the cause of explosions. Reply 1 da user Guest Jan 18, 2017, 5:41pm It was only a week ago when they decided that they were having a headphone jack after all. http://www.androidpolice.com/2017/01/13/rumor-the-galaxy-s8-will-have-a-headphone-jack-after-all/ Has this changed back to no jack? Rumours are pretty rubbish if they can't make up their mind. Reply 0 trishool @trishool Jan 18, 2017, 6:31pm Every Galaxy phone since the S6 in early 2015 has had two sizes available Wrong. There have been two phone sizes in the Galaxy S range since the Samsung Galaxy S3, which had two sizes, the larger one and the smaller one known as the Samsung Galaxy S3 Mini: http://www.samsung.com/uk/consumer/mobile-devices/smartphones/galaxy-s/GT-I8190RWABTU. Reply 1 M0F0 @m0f0 Jan 19, 2017, 7:42am Since you're running on rumours and not facts, what about mentioning the more important 2 rumours? 1. Using the standard Android on-screen keys instead of the physical home button/capacitive side buttons. 2. Under glass fingerprint scanner. Reply 0 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now Samsung Explains Why The Galaxy Note7 Kept Exploding Campbell Simpson 23 Jan 2017 11:30 AM It's time. After more than four months, the world's largest smartphone manufacturer is ready to reveal the exact reason that the Galaxy Note7 -- its most advanced smartphone ever, and the year's strongest competitor to Apple's iPhone 7 -- was recalled. Friends Don't Let Friends Use Flash Campbell Simpson 23 Jan 2017 4:00 PM I've been having a hell of a time loading YouTube videos on my home PC recently. Then, after a little bit of investigation, I found out why. Somehow, Adobe Flash was installed. After running outside and turning three times, spitting and cursing, I uninstalled it. You should do the same. Here's how. Want Gizmodo's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Learn How To Blind Everyone With Data Science Deals: Charge Your Devices The Easy Way With This Reversible Micro USB Cable Deals: Now You Can Netflix And Chill Anywhere Deals: Get A Complete Coding Education Right Now Trending Articles 1 Samsung Explains Why The Galaxy Note7 Kept Exploding 2 Friends Don't Let Friends Use Flash 3 These Are Your Most Insane Airplane Horror Stories 4 Peter Thiel Gains New Zealand Citizenship As Tech Elites Prep For Doomsday 5 All Arrival and No Deadpool: The Oscar Nominations Are Here Director Rian Johnson Had To Wait Until This Morning To Complete The Last Jedi's Opening Crawl Good Morning, Here's John Wick As Michael Jackson The Godzilla Sequel Has Found Its Director Watch How Fossils Get Cleaned And Prepared While You Were Sleeping Talk Amongst Yourselves Overwatch's Lunar New Year Event Is Now Live, Here's What's In It Samsung's Galaxy S8 Won't Appear Until March Interns Could Be A Gateway For Your Small Business To Find New Talent Netflix Makes It Easy For Android Users To Save Movies To An SD Card Dealhacker: UberEATS Can Deliver Free Ice To Your Door This Australia Day The Best Google Play Music Tips And Tricks You May Not Know About Trump claims the Keystone XL pipeline will create 7 times more construction jobs than it actually will Netflix is rebooting 'Queer Eye for the Straight Guy' to give red states a makeover 10 things you need to know before markets open in Australia and Asia Crackle boss argues there's no such thing as too much TV © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Gizmodo International × Log in to Gizmodo Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Gizmodo User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Gizmodo International Gizmodo US Gizmodo UK Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Brazil Gizmodo Japan Close
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best 11 Best Weight Loss Apps for 2017 Best iPhone 7 Cases Things Apple Watch Can Do Android Galaxy S7 20 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals 5 Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases 8 Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors 8 Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors 18 Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals 5 Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] 5 Features the Galaxy S III Should Have Adam Mills01/31/2012 So you may have heard. The Samsung Galaxy S III is on the way and its launch may coincide with the 2012 Summer Olympics which will be taking place in London. There are already some rumored specifications out for it which include Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich, a quad-core processor, and a high-definition screen of some kind. Sounds like a dream phone, right? Advertisement Well, I want to venture further into this dream and tell you about a few other things that I would love to see from the Galaxy S III. Clearly, not all of these things are going to happen, but I don’t think any of them are too far-fetched, especially for a phone that Samsung hopes will surpass the 10 million Galaxy S II’s that were sold in 2011. So here is what I think the Galaxy S III should have when it arrives later on this year. Advertisement Fast Data Speeds Samsung has already released two 4G LTE devices in the Galaxy Nexus for Verizon and Galaxy S II Skyrocket for AT&T. It will also be launching a 4G LTE powered Galaxy Nexus for Sprint sometime this summer. Advertisement And while it may not come to Sprint or Verizon because of the Nexus, I still think that the Galaxy S III needs to have HSPA+ 42 speeds for T-Mobile and 4G LTE speeds for AT&T. It’s almost a given that it will. Amazing Battery Life But, if it has those kinds of speeds, I want it to have fantastic battery life. One of my biggest gripes with the Galaxy Nexus for Verizon is that it has putrid battery life. Samsung really needs to outfit its devices, especially one of the Galaxy S III’s caliber, with a large battery. If that means sacrificing a couple of millimeters design-wise, so be it. Battery life is much more important. Take a lesson from Motorola. Advertisement They were able to package an absolutely massive 3,300 mAh battery inside of the Droid RAZR MAXX, a device that comes with a frame that measures 8.9mm. That’s thin enough and the battery life on the device destroys the competition. So how about it Samsung? Not this, please. A Bold Design I hate picking on the Galaxy Nexus here but I have to. I really, really, really hope that Samsung does not go down the same design route it did with the Galaxy Nexus and the Galaxy S II devices. Let’s mix it up a bit and get rid of the plastic. I realize that it’s going to cost more money to do something different – say aluminum, but this phone needs to be mind-blowing if it’s going to top the Galaxy S II, the iPhone 4S and the iPhone 5. I also understand the philosophy of staying with what works. But look at Apple and what it did with the jump from the plastic of the iPhone 3GS to glass and metal of iPhone 4? Advertisement It definitely didn’t hurt. Be bold, do something different with the Galaxy S III, Samsung. Create a phone that feels like it’s worth the $300 I paid for it. Smaller Display Option Every single one of Samsung’s Galaxy S II devices had a massive screen. Different size massive, but massive nonetheless. How about a Galaxy S III with a 4-inch screen? How about one with a 4.3-inch screen? How about both? Advertisement Not everyone wants a phone with an absurdly big screen, I know I didn’t buy the Nexus because of its 4.65-inch display. Out of all of these, this is probably the least likely to happen but boy, would I spring for a 4-inch display on a phone rocking Android 4.0 and a quad-core processor. If you don’t trust me on that screen size, go check out the Droid Incredible 2. It’s still one of my favorite Android phones of all time. A Ridiculously Good Camera Last but not least, how about a camera that’s on the same level as Apple’s iPhone 4S? The Galaxy Nexus camera is terrible and the cameras on the Galaxy S II devices weren’t enough to shelve my point and shoot. The only regret I have about not buying the iPhone 4S is the camera. It’s nothing short of amazing. And just about everyone I know who owns one raves about it. If you don’t believe me, here is a sample from the iPhone 4S: And here’s one from the Galaxy Nexus: Yeah, yeah. There are all sorts of variables at work here but just trust me on this. The iPhone 4S  camera blows the Galaxy Nexus’ out of the water and it would be nice if Samsung could lessen that gap. Please do so with the Galaxy S III, Sammy. Your legions of fans will appreciate it. — What’s on your Galaxy S III wishlist? 8 Responses 02/01/2012 Anonymous Reply That 4S pic up there looks a bit blured, but I know what you mean the pictures taken with the 4S are nice. The camera on the Galaxy S II is just as amazing in my opinion. Don’t know if you’ve tried it first hand, but it leaves iPhone 4 pictures in the dust and I would say competes well with the iPhone 4S (which came out quite a few months after). 02/01/2012 Jamie Arellano Reply There is a major advantage to using plastic instead of metal for the back of the phone. The NFC chip in the Galaxy Nexus has signal boosting features in the case that allow for better NFC signals. Also, if you choose to add a micro sd chip that has NFC capabilities to a device that has a metal back you can’t really transmit the signal. NFC payments are going to be huge in the near future. Phones that have metal backs will be left out of the game.  02/02/2012 Stebejovs Reply “this phone needs to be mind-blowing if it’s going to top the Galaxy S II, the iPhone 4S and the iPhone 5.” The Galaxy S II already beats the 4S, or at least is on par. So the only thing the S III needs to do is beat out the iPhone 5. “Let’s mix it up a bit and get rid of the plastic. I realize that it’s going to cost more money to do something different – say aluminum” I don’t want a metal phone. Plastic is optimal for stronger build quality, feels less hot, and does not interfere with signaling like metal does. “But look at Apple and what it did with the jump from the plastic of the iPhone 3GS to glass and metal of iPhone 4? It definitely didn’t hurt.” Sure it hurt. The iPhone 4’s poor build quality resulting from using glass is what lead to extremely high damage rates where a significant portion of customers had to frequently replace the iPhone. Apple dropped the ball on the iPhone 4 and 4S by using glass. Who wants a phone you have to handle like a fragile egg that will break from 1 or 2 falls? “The iPhone 4S  camera blows the Galaxy Nexus’ out of the water” Better? Slightly. Blows it out of the water? Exaggeration. Plus the Galaxy S II in my opinion has a better camera than the Galaxy Nexus, so this huge gap in camera quality is not really there except in the world of hype. Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website What’s New in iOS 10.2.1 & iOS 10.2 01/23/2017 Samsung Galaxy Marshmallow Update Info (2017) 01/17/2017
  Home U.K. News Sports     U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines U.S. Showbiz U.K. Showbiz Headlines Arts Pictures Showbiz Boards Blogs Video TV Listings My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Inside Chicago's gangland empire: Eye-opening map details exactly where the city's most notorious mobsters hid from the police and carried out their crimes in the roaring 20s  In danger: Single mother and her two young children go missing and their Virginia home is burnt to the ground after she went on a blind date Revealed: How French women stay slim without even trying (and it's a lot easier than you think)  Trump will make Supreme Court appointment 'early next week' after meeting with bipartisan group of senators today to get their input Revealed: Five of the most germ-infested surfaces you touch EVERY day (and your computer keyboard isn't one of them) 'I heard them scream that they were on fire': Flight director who witnessed the blaze that killed three Apollo 1 astronauts describes the harrowing event Horrifying Nest video shows home aide HITTING an elderly woman because she fed her dog 'human food'  One-eyed mother-of-three who was found passed out in a gutter is sentenced up to five years in prison for child endangerment and sex with a teen who she called 'daddy' in text messages Conjoined twin girls who shared spine, bladder, uterus and intestines separated in one of the riskiest surgeries ever performed Judge orders release of footage showing the fatal 2012 shooting of a suspect by Charlotte police  Minnesota Governor Mark Dayton reveals he has prostate cancer hours after dramatic collapse Paris Jackson says her father Michael was MURDERED as she reveals she attempted suicide multiple times after being RAPED   as a teenager in shocking interview EXCLUSIVE: Uma Thurman and ex Arpad Busson settle '98 per cent' of their child custody battle after duking it out over 8-carat million-dollar diamond Babysitters reveal the CREEPIEST things children have ever told them (from saying the devil wants to see them to naming the date they will die) Why you should be adding SUGAR to your shampoo: Expert reveals mixing in the sweet granules will give you the best locks of your life 'I have to collect my thoughts...it's all good.' Uma Thurman and ex Arpad Busson settle '98 percent' of their child custody battle after duking it out over her 8-carat million-dollar diamond 'Nobody believes they're twins!' Adorable girls are born in Illinois with different skin colors to a black father and white mother  Ikea recalls Mysingo beach chair globally after five cases of it COLLAPSING and trapping people's fingers Iraqi forces retake last area of Mosul east of the Tigris River after 100 days of deadly fighting – but now comes the even harder battle to regain control of the city's western districts held by ISIS Man 'choked his mother until she blacked out and said he hoped she died after she changed channel on TV' Lost your AirPods? Apple's latest app update will help you track them down Is cancer fatal in YOUR county? Maps reveal where death rates are rising in the US - despite 20% drop in overall fatalities since 1980 Michigan man whose 19-year sentence for drug dealing was commuted by Obama is executed in halfway house by two men with assault rifles Mystery group claim Mega Millions jackpot of $83M - two months after winning Previous Next Thigh's the limit! Former Miss Universe Australia Monika Radulovic flaunts her lithe pins in daring slit gown while attending Switzerland event with fiance Alesandro Ljubicic By Candice Jackson For Daily Mail Australia Published: 19:42 EST, 17 January 2017 | Updated: 20:21 EST, 17 January 2017 e-mail 2 View comments It's been two years since she was given the title of Miss Universe Australia in 2015. And Monika Radulovic proved why she was awarded the coveted crown as she stunned in a sexy number at a launch party for Swiss luxury watch manufacturer IWC Schaffhausen on Tuesday. The 26-year-old model looked as glamorous as ever alongside fiance Alesandro Ljubicic, who were both invited to attend the event in Geneva, Switzerland. Scroll down for video  Thighs the limit! Former Miss Universe Australia Monika Radulovic flaunts her lithe pins in daring slit gown while attending Switzerland event for Swiss luxury watch manufacturer IWC Schaffhausen on Tuesday with fiance Alesandro Ljubicic Monika slipped into a semi-sheer silver frock with a sexy thigh-high split design, showcasing her sculptured legs with the aid of black strappy heels.  The floor-length evening gown had bell sleeves, and a plunging neckline with adjoining choker material. The low-cut dress gave a glimpse of cleavage as Monika posed with her arm around her beloved fiance dressed in a suave tuxedo. Glam! The low-cut dress gave a glimpse of cleavage as Monika posed with her arm around her beloved fiance dressed in a suave tuxedo Flaunting an effortless bronzed glow, the Serbian-born stunner appeared to have a flawless application of makeup, with a smoky eye becoming the feature to her look. The brunette beauty was pictured with a slicked back bun for the A-list gala launch. The engaged pair both made their watches their main accessories, making sure they were on view when posing for photographers. Later taking to Instagram, the duo flaunted their time pieces further as they raved about the brand. Watch it! The engaged pair both made their time pieces their main accessories, making sure they were on view when posing for photographers 'Alesandro and I are so excited to be here': It appears the cute couple were invited and flown to the exclusive event in Geneva, with Monika captioning numerous posts with equal excitement and gratitude Monika captioned numerous posts with equal excitement and gratitude. Some of her uploads read: 'So honoured to be travelling to Geneva for #SIHH17 with THE best watch company in the world' and '@alesandroljubicic and I are so excited to be here... it's been an amazing start so far.' The pair recently celebrated three years of being engaged after returning from a trip to New York over the Christmas break. Happy couple: Early Christmas and New Year celebrations took place with her family and friends in Sydney before Monika headed to the Big Apple with fiancée Alesandro Ljubicic Dream come true: Monika's Christmas wish was granted after she flew to New York for the festive period, something that's always been on her wish list Monika recently gushed about her partner online: 'Wow, time really does fly when you're having fun �� And my gosh do we have fun- my daily life is pretty much constant laughing with @alesandroljubicic by my side.' She cheekily added: 'My love; you are the best person I know, your huge heart is made of absolute gold and I am SO grateful that you stalked me on Facebook.' The pair have been together for four years, with no known set date for the wedding. Happy: The Serbian-born beauty, whose family sought refuge in Australia when she was four, and Alesandro have been together for four years    Share or comment on this article e-mail Most watched News videos How to make a stick drawing magically come to life with water Social experiment to test reaction to Trump supporter in New York City Angry motorists push car after being blocked in on private drive Dog is cut free after being chained up for FIFTEEN years Bear the dog visits the beach for first time after rescue Piers Morgan goes on rant about Ewan McGregor cancelling interview Woman booted off plane after ranting at Trump supporter CCTV captures moment British man is shot dead in car in Pattaya Man tells Polish woman to 'go back to her country' in rant ISIS video 'shows drone dropping bombs on targets near Mosul' Gov. Mark Dayton collapses during state of state address Outrageous moment man in India slaps monkey as he offers food EXCLUSIVE: Now it's Caribbean sunshine on Richard Branson's... '¡No, no puede!': New White House begins with English-only... Next stop, Necker Island: Barack and Michelle Obama are all... What happens when you wear a Trump hat in NYC? Controversial... 'Let Barron be a kid': Former first daughter Chelsea Clinton... PIERS MORGAN: Memo to anyone who voted for Trump or Brexit -... Bomb threats don’t Trump hate: PIERS MORGAN on the day... White House press secretary Sean Spicer waged a one-sided,... Heartwarming moment Bear the dog has his chain cut after... Revealed: Obama defied Congress to hand $220 MILLION to... Kellyanne Conway allegedly punched a tuxedo-clad man... 'It was inexcusable': SNL writer apologizes for her... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● Comments (2) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Bella Hadid displays her ample assets in semi-sheer number and Kendall Jenner stuns during Alexandre Vauthier Paris Fashion Week show Private party? Brad Pitt leaves hotel alone while assistant carries out balloons and champagne... as custody battle with Angelina quiets down Split! Jane Fonda's beau Richard Perry confirms they ended eight-year relationship... day after listing their $13m Beverly Hills mansion PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Drake enjoys dinner with porn star Rosee Divine in Amsterdam... as girlfriend Jennifer Lopez is said to be 'head over heels'  A closer look at Drake's new friend: Porn star-turned-artist Rosee Divine has a habit of stripping off for Instagram Likes to show her skin From NYU student to star of Riverdale, why stunning newcomer Camila Mendes is one to watch in 2017 SPONSORED Paris Jackson says her father Michael was murdered as she reveals she had multiple suicide attempts after being raped as a teenager La La Land earns a record-tying 14 Oscar nominations including Best Picture while Emma Stone competes against Natalie Portman for Best Actress Chelsea Handler accused of immigrant shaming Melania for saying the First Lady, who is fluent in five languages, 'can barely speak English'  Who needs the Caribbean? Malia Obama goes to Sundance Film Festival after landing internship with Harvey Weinstein Spotted at a screening Borrowed from Kanye? Kim Kardashian steps out in oversized, wrinkled plaid shirt over lace-up leather slacks as she heads to a studio in LA 'She has arrived!' Teen Mom 2's Jenelle Evans, 25, welcomes third child as she gives birth to daughter Ensley Posted a picture cradling the newborn EXCLUSIVE: 'Catwoman' Jocelyn Wildenstein puts her $13M condo with views of the Manhattan skyline up for sale after brawl with her ex-boyfriend Erin Andrews reveals her secret battle with cervical cancer The sports reporter and host was diagnosed in September and had emergency surgery Baby's first rap! Kim Kardashian reveals clip of Saint recording with his dad in the studio... and possible tracklist for Kanye West's new album Gigi Hadid keeps her head down in NYC after her younger sister Bella wore shocking see-through dress to Christian Dior masquerade ball Heigh ho, heigh ho: Jared Kushner heads off to work at the White House while Ivanka sneaks out of the garage in SUV with the children Plenty to smile about! Pregnant Natalie Portman celebrates Oscar nomination with a sunny hike in LA The 35-year-old was beaming on her walk Ryan Reynolds shrugs off his Oscars snub with a hilarious tweet about going ahead with his previously 'scheduled tickle-fight' Brushed off the blow  Oscars so diverse: Seven of the 20 nominees in acting categories for 2017 Academy Awards are non-white, after ZERO received nods last year  Oscar snubs 2017:  Taraji P. Henson and Ryan Reynolds are two of the biggest stars that DIDN'T score a nomination from the Academy this year 'I'm very grateful': Ryan Gosling reacts to his Oscar nomination for La La Land just hours after making a dashing appearance to promote the film in Beijing Meryl Streep, 67, sings her way to the Academy Awards as she makes history with her 20th Oscar nomination Given nod for her role in Florence Foster Jenkins Oops! ABC apologizes after listing Tom Hanks and Amy Adams as Oscar nominees on the official Academy website despite neither of them scoring a nod 'She said she was very well looked after by her husband': Duchess of Cambridge tells a four-year-old girl what it's like to be a 'real princess'  EXCLUSIVE: Director of film Kong: Skull Island accuses his video star ex of blackmail and leaking his nude photo amid claims he paid women to strip Iggy Azalea shows off shapely derriere in skintight leggings at Cabo San Lucas airport with rumoured beau music producer LJay Currie 'Y'all got the wrong guy': Iggy Azalea wears a red bikini as she poses with a male friend...two days after 'making out' with music producer LJay Currie Melanie Hamrick, 29, looks impossibly slim as she heads out for a dog walk in a breezy New York... just six weeks after giving birth to Mick Jagger's eighth child Bella Hadid rocks a chic cream dress and thigh-high boots while Kendall Jenner turns heads in a gold padded jacket as they leave Chanel's Couture show  A man she can depend on! Sandra Bullock steps out with long time guard Peter Weireter after ex Jesse James suggests she cheated on him Taking on the vets! Actors Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling could be singing live alongside Justin Timberlake, Sting and Lin-Manuel Miranda at the Oscars Nicole Kidman is the picture of elegance in black gown as she celebrates Oscar nod with fellow nominee Isabelle Huppert at Armani show in Paris 'I'm overjoyed!': Emma Stone of La La Land kicks off star reactions to Oscar nominations as Nicole Kidman thanks her Lion family Thrilled with the news   Dev Patel and Naomie Harris lead the British Oscar nominations with Best Supporting Role nods at the 89th annual Academy Awards  In with a chance   Oscar nominee Nicole Kidman reveals she will be flying solo at the BAFTAs as hubby Keith Urban is nominated for three Grammys on same night Dance Moms star Abby Lee Miller is 'on the verge of breakdown' in teaser clip for new season of series as she faces prison for bankruptcy fraud 'Felt so good to drop this': Star Wars director Rian Johnson shares first look at The Last Jedi's opening crawl Countdown to Star Wars Episode VIII begins Solo to the cinema! Justin Bieber 'snacks on nachos and drinks cocktails' as he watches horror flick Split on movie outing Some lonely downtime Leonardo Di Caprio's girlfriend Nina Agdal flaunts her envy-inducing physique as she models swimwear in a sun-kissed pool Bella Hadid and Kendall Jenner swap girly glamour for grunge chic in matching leather pants as they hit Paris streets after Chanel PFW show  Rebecca Hall flashes more than expected as she goes braless beneath sheer black gown at Christine screening in London Dared to bare  Bragging about her jet-set lifestyle! Kendall Jenner reveals she flew 162K miles, took 55 flights and visited 14 cities in 2016 alone Has covered the globe  Piers Morgan hits back as Ewan McGregor CANCELS his British morning TV appearance 'because he disagrees with his Women's March protest comments'  PIERS MORGAN: Memo to anyone who voted for Trump or Brexit - pedophile-loving hypocrite Ewan McGregor holds you in utter contempt Going Hamm! Jon jumps for joy as he wraps a long weekend of industry schmoozing with the premiere of his new film Marjorie Prime in Park City   Rita Ora looks casually cool in sporty tracksuit and fleece-lined aviator jacket as she arrives at Tezenis shoot in London The star arrived on set in a fleece-lined aviator  'I would have walked': Dennis Quaid defends A Dog's Purpose against abuse allegations and 'scam video' as he insists animals were treated great Seven Year Switch star admits his desire to cheat with new 'spouse' makes him 'miserable' - while his wife isn't even sharing a bed with her temporary 'husband' 'I feel very blessed!': Lily Aldridge nearly spills out of split dress on V cover... as she reflects on 'sexy' Kings Of Leon rocker husband Stunned in sequin  Fancy seeing you here! Brooklyn Beckham shares cosy chat with old pal Anais Gallagher as the teenagers show off their grunge style  Showed his skater style 'Love Australia' Scott Eastwood raves about the country as he strikes a warrior pose while boating at sunset  Is on the set of Pacific Rim  Taking the plunge! Khloe Kardashian wears low-cut yellow tank top to tease re-release of 'number one requested' Koko Kollection lip kit Gave fans an eyeful SNL veteran Tracy Morgan looks carefree after judge orders him to turn over health and earnings records in crash settlement dispute He's very hands-on! Kim Kardashian shares throwback snap of husband Kanye grabbing her ample booty Reality star was in a nostalgic mood  'I yelled f*** at the top of my lungs!': Frozen vet Idina Menzel recalls botching Broadway Wicked audition Starred in the show when it began in 2003 EXCLUSIVE: Uma Thurman and ex Arpad Busson settle '98 per cent' of their child custody battle after duking it out over million-dollar diamond 'Great performance in a great film!': Reese Witherspoon tweets congrats to Big Little Lies co-star Nicole Kidman for Lion Oscar nomination  Throwback Tuesday! Emily Ratajkowski shares adorable childhood snap as she dresses up as Cleopatra She loved to dress up from an early age  It's a bit nippy outside! Model struts down a busy high street in a painted top... but will anyone notice her bare chest? Sultry social experiment  Now THAT'S big hair! Rihanna braves the rain with her dreadlocks piled on her head as she turns up at Ocean's Eight set in a wet and windy New York Lily-Rose Depp shows off her natural beauty in simple cardigan and jeans... as she relaxes after wowing at the Chanel Haute Couture show in Paris I ain't afraid of no rhino! Melissa McCarthy runs for her life in teaser for Kia's Super Bowl commercial The ad line-up is building by the day  She's ripped! Hilary Duff sports torn jeans on frozen yogurt outing with female pal in Beverly Hills The actress left her long blonde hair loose   Lily Collins heads to the gym in LA days after revealing she suffered eating disorders as a teen Headed for a workout in Los Angeles   'I thought it was very clever': Cindy Crawford reminisces about sexy Pepsi Super Bowl commercial 25 years on The iconic 1992 ad will air again this year Love & Hip Hop: New York star Remy Ma breaks down in tears as she reveals she recently suffered a miscarriage Reality star shared the news during the show FEMAIL details the new beauty products that will make your life easier in 2017 including a game-changing dry shampoo created by the Kardashians' hairstylist 'The whole thing is toxic': Wynonna Judd tries to stop fans hassling her over sister Ashley's 'nasty woman' speech at anti-Trump women's march Heating up chilly Park City! Salma Hayek, 50, proves she's still got it as she stops by the Sundance screening of Beatriz At Dinner Stunned in black  So nice, she wore it twice...13 years later! Kirsten Dunst rocks white lace mini dress she wore in 2004 at an Oscar party Recyling her outfit Is that you George? The celebrity lookalikes found in the most unlikely places across the globe including a Turkish Clooney and an Asian Brad Pitt Revealed: How French women stay slim without even trying (and it's a lot easier than you think)  Dr Carrie Ruxton reveals five simple secrets  He'd better be ready for a sliming! WWE star John Cena is set to host the Nickelodeon Kids' Choice awards after Blake Shelton got doused last year Kicking back with a brew at Sundance! Matt Damon talks Stella Artois' new campaign to bring clean water to developing countries His selfless side  Proof that meditation championed by Emma Watson DOES work: One 8-week course crushes stress hormone and lowers blood pressure, study says 'Feeling so grateful': Amy Smart publicly thanks 'kind, loving surrogate' who brought baby daughter Flora into the world after her 'fertility struggles' Kendall Jenner dazzles in sequinned plunging gown while Bella Hadid stuns in daring dress as they lead the glamour at Chanel's opulent Paris Fashion Week show Pregnant Laura Prepon flashes a hint of baby bump as she steps out for the first time since announcing she is expecting Expecting her first child Next stop Necker Island: Barack and Michelle Obama pose for photos in British Virgin Islands before heading to Richard Branson's retreat  Cheeky! Madonna's son Rocco Ritchie grins as model girlfriend Kim Turnbull shoots him a lascivious wink during romantic wintry stroll in London Nicole Kidman and Mel Gibson both get individual Oscar nominations as their films Lion and Hacksaw Ridge get six nods each including Best Picture 'Clearly a dig!': Victoria Beckham's followers claim her V sign Instagram snap is throwing shade at her Spice Girls bandmates Is she taking a pop? Ivanka's inauguration collection: How the outfits her children wore were made for $1,700 by a designer who flew to New York THREE times to perfect the pieces  A delight in white! Mötley Crüe rocker Nikki Sixx's wife Courtney oozes sophistication in figure-hugging frock as she attends Longines horserace ceremony  Sweat at The Met! FEMAIL writer is put through her paces while testing quirky 'museum workout' that lets fitness fanatics combine culture and cardio  'Her waist is legit goals!' Fans compare Skye Wheatley's figure to Khloe Kardashian after former Big Brother housemate flaunts her physique Sheer daring! Braless Bella Hadid goes completely bare in see-through dress as she joins Kendall Jenner at Christian Dior event Proud of her body Sea of floral tributes, candles and messages are cleared from outside George Michael's north London home a month after the singer died of a heart attack Nice Depp for a Chanel wedding! Johnny's daughter Lily-Rose stuns in extravagant pink bridal gown as she secures coveted role at brand's Couture show NFL bosses WON'T pay Lady Gaga to headline the prestigious Super Bowl halftime show this year  She's not doing it for the money 'She's like my big sister': Maisie Williams reveals she feels scared at awards shows without her Game Of Thrones co-star Sophie Turner He's certainly not shy! Shirtless Austin Armacost strips down to his tiny Y-fronts on the street after CBB eviction Reality star, 38, changed pants in the street Cheeky James Blunt urges fans to 'check out my 12 inch' as he plugs his new album with two NAKED videos on Twitter  Sent fans into a frenzy Back in the game? Aaron Paul, 27, not-so-subtly hints to Ellen DeGenres that he will be reprising Breaking Bad role in spin-off Better Call Saul  What a sparkler! Beaming Kirsten Dunst flaunts diamond engagement ring as she wears bridal-inspired lace midi dress at Paris runway show 'This p**sy grabs back!' Rihanna takes provocative message to the streets of New York as she wears defiant hoodie on anti-Trump Women's March Move aside, Taylor! Mariah Carey has 'penned break-up track about split from billionaire former fiancé James Packer'... with debut on reality show Classic beauty! Kendall Jenner channels Audrey Hepburn with bangs and bright red lips as she joins Bella Hadid at Christian Dior ball 'Too good not to share!': Jerry O'Connell is hurled backwards onto the floor as his chair breaks just SECONDS before going live on Bravo 'He stays out till 7 am partying': Scott Disick has 'returned to his wild ways'... amid reports he's trying to rekindle his romance with Kourtney Kardashian 'There are a couple!' Chris Hemsworth confesses to having NUDE photos of himself on his phone after Rachel Griffiths jokes about 'hacking'  Australian Bachelor reject Tiffany Scanlon flaunts washboard abs at the beach playing with her dog after postponing move to Bali with girlfriend Megan Marx Bella Thorne poses nude as she strips down to just socks and heels for provocative Twitter picture The 19-year-old starlet teased fans 'That's John Elway!' Cab driver praises former quarterback as his all-time favorite before realizing the Broncos legend is sitting in the backseat Time for a lesson in style? Queen Maxima of the Netherlands disappoints in dowdy brown as she opens a national education exhibition  Serving out your notice, Wills? Prince is spotted hard at work as air ambulance pilot - after announcing that he'll quit this summer to become 'full-time royal'  Home to celebrate? Cat Deeley wraps up against the chill as she swaps LA for her native London... days after marking cute son Milo's first birthday Don't quit the day job! Shakira has her hair washed by footballer partner Gerard Piqué as he causes havoc in hilarious video clip Stick to the football 'It was painful!': Rosie Huntington-Whiteley reveals she had all her eyelashes ripped out in beauty blunder on Mad Max: Fury Road set Had a whole body cast Director Roman Polanski pulls out of hosting the 'French Oscars' following furious protests over his conviction for raping a child  'It makes you feel pretty!' Britney Spears  shares her love for Snapchat after posting a string of selfies... as first trailer for controversial new Lifetime biopic airs How a visit from Kim Kardashian landed a Dubai disabled centre in trouble: Strict authorities rule celeb's trip broke educational rules  British student who ended up with a 59-INCH derrière after botched butt injections at an illegal 'pumping party' now makes a living as a webcam model  Rita Ora puts on a very busty display as she strips off on the set of a racy bikini shoot in London Stripped down to her smalls once again 'We always focus on the things we wish we could change': Canadian Miss Universe hopeful Siera Bearchell speaks about 'self-worth' after being targeted by trolls Love is in the air! Amy Poehler is 'dating New York attorney Benjamin Graf' The comedian and the lawyer have known each other for quite some time Animal attraction! Ashley Graham shows off her shapely figure and slim waist in leopard print bikini  Known for promoting a positive body image Lea Michele puts on a brave face as she leaves private concert... after sharing nostalgic snap of Cory Monteith four years after his death 'K***head!': Robbie Williams sports a split lip as wife Ayda cryptically posts he 'had a fight with his computer' Rather sorry for himself 'Hot sandwich!': Bella Hadid puckers up with designer Riccardo Tisci in VERY sexy snap alongside snoozing Kendall Jenner Amorous antics  Aaahs Of Sunset! Shahs stars Asa Soltan Rahmati and Jermaine Jackson Jr welcome newborn son Soltan Show has a new cast member 'And a few men': Jax Taylor squirms during birthday roast in front of girlfriend Brittany and her mom Sherri Colourful history of cheating and arrests As a blockbuster brings her back to life, the truth about the Sex and scheming that put the O into Jackie! The new Hollywood film starrs Natalie Portman Got us looking Side To Side! Makeup heiress and socialite Lianna Perdis appears to resemble popstar Ariana Grande They look identical  Roger Federer reveals his kids asked him to keep winning so they could spend more time in Australia... but the heat means they want to go back to Switzerland Megan Fox and husband Brian Austin Green enjoy a family day at the LA zoo with their three kids in tow Had their hands full with their boys  Harry's wedding belle! Meghan Markle stuns in a bridal gown as the Prince's girlfriend appears in a teaser for the new season of Suits  Prince Harry's girlfriend 'Always in my heart': Little Mix's Perrie Edwards is mourning the loss of cute cat Prada she shared with ex-fiancé Zayn Malik Lasting memories 'I could barely breathe!': Naomie Harris reveals her Golden Globes dress was so tight she couldn't eat or drink and had to be CARRIED to her car 'It's for real': Jessa Duggar hears baby's heartbeat and attends first concert ever with Ben on Counting On Listening to her baby for the very first time Bling it on! Mariah Carey steps out with new toyboy lover wearing her $10 million engagement ring from ex-fiance James Packer... on THAT finger Kelly Rowland looks chic in patterned outfit and fedora at West Hollywood screening of Love By The 10th Date Stole the show in an asymmetrical outfit Two peas in a pod! Zoey Deutch joins lookalike mom Lea Thompson at Sundance Film Festival Parties brought out swarms of stars  'Worst date I have ever been on': Corinne Olympios endures miserable outing with Nick Viall on The Bachelor Season villain Giddy Tom Hardy indulges his inner child at Disneyland Paris... as he puts on a brave face amid claims he lost '£2 MILLION making new British drama Taboo' Hollywood icon Shirley MacLaine, 82, wears a purple pantsuit as she poses up with Anne Heche to promote her new film The Last Word Leading lady Ali Larter stuns in belly-baring two-piece ensemble at Resident Evil: The Final Chapter premiere in Los Angeles Looked amazing while posing with the undead 'Together we are strong!' Ciara flexes her muscles and flaunts her baby bump after taking part in cancer event at children's hospital 'Special day' Miami heat! Jenson Button smooches his bombshell girlfriend Brittny Ward as they celebrate his birthday in Florida 37th birthday 'The good wife!' Sofia Vergara braves freezing weather to join 'obsessed' Joe Manganiello at  Pittsburgh Steelers playoff game Puppy love! Newly-divorced Amber Heard makes rare public outing as she goes makeup free to pet store She got custody of her two Yorkshire terriers Chris Hemsworth cuts a suave figure in a tailored ensemble as he leads guests through a virtual tour of Australia alongside Rachel Griffiths Star in stripes! Sofia Richie wears pinstriped trousers as she steps out for a day of shopping in LA She met up with a friend at an eatery Milla Jovovich takes the plunge in feathered frock with her family at the final Resident Evil premiere The action star made the premiere a family affair Mel Gibson, 61, becomes father for the NINTH time as he and girlfriend Rosalind Ross welcome a son Welcomed a baby boy on Saturday Ivanka Trump shares charming photo of her family at Blair House where her father stayed the night before his inauguration  Family snap She's a big teaser! Margot Robbie is unrecognizable with 80s mullet as she plays disgraced figure skater Harding on set of I, Tonya Peering under the wig! Kylie Jenner reveals new bob after undergoing the chop due to damaging platinum blonde dye job New look  EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Iggy Azalea reveals her curves in a red bikini as she gets wet and wild with new boyfriend LJay Currie Passionate embrace  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Stella Maxwell poses in a variety of lingerie for steamy Victoria's Secret photoshoot in Miami Beach  She raised the heat  Crop yields stares! Hailey Baldwin turns heads as she exposes her rock hard abs in skimpy top in Los Angeles Impressive tummy Going undercover! Pregnant Gal Gadot wraps up her baby bump in duster and boots on rainy day date with female friend Bundled up Scott Disick's rumored ex Megan Blake Irwin shows off her svelte physique in a black bikini as she shares a kiss with a mystery man on the beach She's a cool mom! Katie Holmes goes casual chic in leather jacket and skinny jeans while out with daughter Suri Suri brought a friend Girl in the hood! Christina Milian bundles up in stylish fur-lined coat at Sundance Film Festival The singer stayed warm in her knee-length jacket Baby makes three! Laura Prepon and Ben Foster are expecting their first child Comes after they went public with their engagement Is her busy schedule taking a toll? Ruby Rose reveals her very slender figure at Resident Evil: The Final Chapter premiere after falling ill with virus Summer is coming in hot! Alexandra Daddario and Kelly Rohrbach sizzle in swimwear for scorching new Baywatch posters R-rated action-comedy What's her secret? Cate Blanchett, 47, looks ageless and elegant on The Tonight Show in NYC The 47-year-old looked every inch the Hollywood star She must be Mod! Chloe Sevigny looks chic in retro green and gold outfit at Sundance screening of Beatriz At Dinner Lit up the arrivals carpet Cosby Show star Keshia Knight Pulliam welcomes daughter months after being left by husband who demanded paternity test She has given birth Playboy's Miss February Joy Corrigan goes topless for swimwear shoot on Miami Beach Naked aside from bikini bottoms Mark Hamill brings wife Marilou and daughter Chelsea to the Sundance premiere of Brigsy Bear The 65-year-old made it a family affair La La Anthony and Keke Palmer bare their backs in black sheer frocks for The New Edition Story premiere Six-hour three-night television miniseries  What a punk! Milla Jovovich takes on Billy Idol's White Wedding on the next Lip Sync Battle versus Ruby Rose The star looks unrecognizable Booty-ful advertising! Kourtney Kardashian puts her derriere on display as she promotes Kim's Kimoji retail line She's the perfect model for Kim's products Lady who lunches: Ivanka Trump hides behind an umbrella as she leaves new DC home with Secret Service and her son Joseph Walk on the wild side! Heidi Klum jets back into Los Angeles in a leopard spot coat as she totes Louis Vuitton bag The 43-year has been in New York for a few days Dressed to a tee! Caitlyn Jenner steps out in white skirt and sweater for a round of golf After attending Trump's inauguration Abs-olutely envious? Victoria's Secret model Kelly Gale flaunts washboard stomach in skimpy yellow bikini as she continues Bali vacation 'The whole thing has been very draining': Kim Kardashian's mother Kris Jenner reveals reality star's emotional struggles following Paris robbery arrests 'Puma girl!' Kylie Jenner flashes sideboob as she shares snaps in workout gear to promote athletic brand Has been paid $1million to be their ambassador  Bargain seeker! Justin Bieber nips to fastfood chain Wendy's for lunch With an estimated net worth of more than $200 million, he can afford to eat wherever he wants Hip dad! Jeff Goldblum looks stylish in leather biker jacket as he steps out with pregnant wife Emilie Livingston in West Hollywood Out for a day date SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Is Nuclear Wintour set to become Granny Anna? Editor's daughter-in-law poses picture of herself with a visible baby bump Hey, Ms Hilton! Socialite Paris cuts a glam figure in black sheer mini-dress as she prepares for yet another night out on the town in London 'Still working!' Michael B. Jordan shows off his rugged torso in shirtless Instagram pic It appears his exercise regime has well and truly paid off Where are your Blue Jeans? Lana Del Rey wraps up in oversize army green coat during a rainy day in Los Angeles Grabbing a coffee Olivia Palermo rocks quirky parrot-print jacket and leather trousers for another fashion bash in Paris  The Hills star, 30, looked sensational Not my baby's back! Kim Zolciak DENIES daughter Brielle has butt implants after belfie Snapchat She quickly jumped to Brielle's defense 'Cheating goes both ways': Jesse James hints ex Sandra Bullock wasn't faithful during their marriage as he lashes out on Twitter Split in 2010 Kaley Cuoco heads into the rain after yoga class with boyfriend Karl Cook The Big Bang Theory actress did not let a bit of rain keep her away from her workout routine Bellas on the field! Rebel Wilson tries her hand at football as she's joined by Pitch Perfect co-star Anna Kendrick at NFC championship game in Atlanta EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE on the Queen's message of congratulations to President Trump following his inauguration Bafta and Prince William 'locked in behind-the-scenes row over whether the Duchess of Cambridge attends the awards ceremony' 'Hello Betty!' FX releases Feud: Bette And Joan teaser starring Susan Sarandon and Jessica Lange as the real-life rivals Nina Dobrev flashes cleavage as she turns 28 at La La Land-themed joint birthday party with polo player Ronnie Bacardi Ingenious cake 'This will be the largest audience': Stephen Colbert set to host annual Emmy Awards in September on CBS The awards honor the best in television  A-list perks! Hugh Jackman enjoys the halftime performance led by cheerleaders as he watches NBA game courtside with Trevor Noah and pals A sophisticated beauty look fit for a First Lady! As Melania Trump settles into her new role, FEMAIL details her $900 inauguration hair and make-up  Lea Michele snuggles with Cory Monteith in poignant flashback picture four years after his death He died aged 31 of a drug overdose Fierce mama! Kerry Washington shows off her postbaby body in cosy black sweater dress at Sundance brunch Gave birth in October 'His family tried to wreck his momentum!' Olivia Munn 'likes' fans negative Instagram comments about boyfriend Aaron Rodger's family Angelina Jolie lands new job as face of Guerlain's new fragrance... but plans to donate 'entire salary' to charity Philanthropic star Dermot O'Leary reportedly asked to replace Michael Bublé as host of BRIT Awards after the singer 'pulled out in light of son Noah's liver cancer' Melissa McCarthy sports bowl-cut as she gets into character on the set of Can You Ever Forgive Me Tansformed into character EXCLUSIVE: Now it's Carribean sunshine on Richard Branson's island for Obama: Michelle quits California for private jet flight to paradise getaway 'It's just a friendship': Tom Brady tries to downplay his relationship with Donald Trump and says he doesn't understand why it's such a big deal  Well she IS an angel! Alessandra Ambrosio looks heaven-sent in a feathered white cape as she leads the models at the Ralph & Russo show in Paris Nicole Kidman's latest independent flick Lion claims a record-breaking $4.15m win at Australian box office after failing to collect a single Golden Globe Suki Waterhouse goes braless as she and model Eva Dolezalova get close in sexually-charged arthouse film Sound Of Sun alongside Sean Penn Naomie Harris looks effortlessly stunning in casually chic one-shoulder top as she attends Moonlight screening in London Stole the show Salma Hayek sizzles in a red leather skirt as she promotes her new film Beatriz At Dinner at Sundance She is the star of the movie     DON'T MISS Shailene Woodley continues to fight for Standing Rock at Sundance Film Festival event The Divergent star opted out on glamour  Kristen Stewart's torn jeans reveal badly bruised knees as she heads home from Sundance Mystery as to how she got the injuries  There goes Sugar Bear! Honey Boo Boo's dad Mike Thompson, 45, ties the knot with new girlfriend Jennifer Lamb one year after split from Mama June 'You don't get to pick and choose when feminism benefits you!' Twitter users slam Taylor Swift for missing Women's March after she posted her support  SNL writer apologizes for her 'offensive words' after she is SUSPENDED from show for tweeting that Barron Trump, 10, will be a 'homeschool shooter' 'I can't catch a break!' Chris Brown dubs Aziz Anzari 'Aladdin' as he attacks SNL host for comparing him to Donald Trump in social media rant EXCLUSIVE: Uma Thurman and ex Arpad Busson duke it out over the 8-carat million-dollar diamond he gave back when he proposed for the second time  White hot! Elsa Hosk sizzles as she showcases her pert posterior in skimpy bikini in Mexico The 28-year-old model put on a peachy display  Sienna Miller's sister Savannah unveils her latest bridal collection inspired by her boho childhood Modelling the creations herself Fancy Coming Home? Jane Fonda and Richard Perry list their luxurious  7,100 square foot 90210 abode for a cool $13million Just hit the market  Winning in style: Venus Williams looks as good as ever on court as she moves into the semi-finals at the Australian Open... and her tennis was also great! Doting mom!  Naomi Watts bundles up in a chic charcoal coat and polka dot scarf as she steps out with her two sons in a windy New York City  'I'll forever be an island girl': Devin Brugman flaunts EXTREME cleavage in skimpy bikini after spilling her style tips for voluptuous women Kris Jenner congratulates new Premier of New South Wales, Australia Gladys Berejiklian before the politician gushes over the Kardashian clan 'He will not divide us': Shia LaBeouf filmed trying to punch a man in the face and screaming down 'white supremacist' at Donald Trump protest Britney Spears shaves her head as THAT moment is recreated in first trailer for Lifetime biopic starring Natasha Bassett First trailer for the film PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Louis Tomlinson looks exhausted as he touches down in NYC with identically-dressed pal days after his split from Danielle Campbell  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Iggy Azalea's ex-fiance Nick Young carries baby daughter Navi on outing with baby mama Keonna Green and son Nick Jr. LA Lakers star  'Gigi and Bella are so sweet!' Nicola Peltz gushes about 'angel' Anwar Hadid and his supermodel sisters Pair have just confirmed their relationship  'If my child is acting a fool in the grocery store, the embarrassment is on her': Mother-of-two Kristen Bell explains how she handles her children's tantrums 'It's not easy!'Melissa Benoist reveals what it's like to fly as Supergirl... and it's not as fun as it looks Dream superpower is not as fun as it seems  Been a long day? David Beckham looks stone-faced as he dons earphones while preparing for train journey from Paris to London with Victoria Speidi, Jedward and Kim Woodburn are put up for nomination alongside three others in SHOCK Celebrity Big Brother eviction twist UK reality show Glad to be back! Kate Upton couldn't look happier as she touches down in Los Angeles... despite the rain storm Showed a wide grin as she landed at LAX 'I want to break the taboo': Veteran Belgian catwalk model Hanne Gaby Odiele, 29, reveals she's intersex and started reconstructive surgery at age 10  Fashion's emerging stars! Meet the designers behind the five up-and-coming clothing brands that already count Gigi, Emily  and Kendall as fans Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Oscar winner Emma Thompson's toned upper arms Sporting a lean body  Elle Fanning shows off her slender frame promoting Sidney Hall as stars turn out for day five of Sundance Film Festival Wore statement pants All smiles! Barbara Bush poses with George H. W. Bush from his hospital bed after he's released from ICU following battle with pneumonia  'That's what happens when you get overconfident!' Priyanka Chopra reveals fall on Quantico set left her with a 'bruised brain'fall on Quantico set Bachelor villain Corinne Olympios' mother insists she wasn't actually naked in THAT pool scene as she defends daughter amid fan backlash 'I wouldn't choose me': Woody Harrelson admits he's an 'awful choice' after getting cast as Han Solo's mentor in Star Wars spinoff The Last Jedi: Star Wars Episode VIII's official title unveiled ahead of December release Will be the penultimate installment  'Happy and healthy': Teen Mom 2 star Jenelle Evans flaunts her burgeoning, tattooed baby bump on a hospital bed just days ahead of due date Who needs a runway! Gigi Hadid looks every inch the model as she struts her stuff on the streets of New York The 21-year-old donned a sheepskin-lined jacket 'Can't wait to meet you': Tori Spelling, 43, proudly shows off her baby bump six weeks ahead of son's due date She is eagerly expecting her fifth child  EXCLUSIVE 'He needs to be close to Harrods': Jonathan Cheban set to purchase $20 MILLION London mansion so he can go on lavish weekly shopping sprees EXCLUSIVE: Blac Chyna waves the white flag at Kardashian sisters, backing down after they railed against her for trademarking their famous last name 'Sometimes I even choose an outfit around my shoes': JLo joins forces with Giuseppe Zanotti to create her own high heel range that start at $795  'Got to get some legit lessons!' Channing Tatum reveals learning to play piano is 'brutal' The 36-year-old actor's New Year's Resolution was to 'learn new things' 'And we're off!' Tomb Raider director Roar Uthuag shares his excitement as cameras roll on new movie starring Alicia Vikander Lights! Camera! Action! Mariah Carey looks sexy in racy leather trench coat and fishnets as she enjoys romantic dinner date with toyboy beau Bryan Tanaka Couldn't stop smiling  Dad-to-be Liam Payne 'narrowly avoids gunman on the loose as shots are fired while he parties in Hollywood club' Scare for the singer  Agent Provocateur unveils a very raunchy campaign inspired by a FOOT FETISH photographer to promote its new spring collection Batman V Superman gets a superhero size EIGHT nominations for the Razzie Awards celebrating 2016's worst films Zoolander 2 got nine  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Ex-Spice Girl and new mom Geri Horner glows with pride as she leaves hospital hand-in-hand with husband  after giving birth Pucker up pooch! Victoria Beckham shares adorable snap with darling jumper-wearing dog on Instagram Playful with her pet Supreme Court says it will NOT hear an appeal from the Sister Wives family challenging Utah's law banning polygamy Legal battle slows down Made for kids, by kids: Target enlists real tots and tweens to design its new children's clothing collection Range fits children from sizes 4 to16 'Lazy Sunday!' Ashley Greene reflects on the day she got engaged to her longtime boyfriend Paul Khoury... as the rainy day sparks her memories Not long now! Million Dollar Listing's Josh and Heather Altman celebrate the upcoming arrival of their daughter with a Beverly Hills baby shower Surprise! Gwen Stefani joins Blake Shelton on stage for an unexpected performance in Mexico They are powerful forces both on and off the stage  Clueless star turned political pundit Stacey Dash is fired from Fox News after two years She sparked criticism during her time with the network  Catwalk queen Alessandra Ambrosio looks effortlessly chic in fluffy black coat and cool shades as she struts her stuff on the streets of Paris Back where he started! Justin Bieber jumps on stage and steps behind a drum kit for an impromptu  set during night out in West Hollywood  Not a Goop look! Gwyneth Paltrow's hair takes flight as she gets caught in the wind on rainy day Mother Nature had its own ideas for her style   Anna Friel faces opposition over a planning application for swings and a pergola at her UK home after being ordered to tear down an extension Time to get an umbrella? Madonna's daughter Lourdes Leon wraps a sweatshirt around her head as she braves the rain in New York City  Tom Brady is going to the Super Bowl! Patriots star POSES with his ex-supermodel wife Gisele as he heads for the NFL title game for a SEVENTH time  Shout Out To My Chest! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock leaves little to the imagination as she wears deeply plunging gold camisole top while partying with pals  How David Bowie and Iggy Pop were busted for drugs at rock 'n' roll party: Fan arrested with star during infamous 1976 bust breaks silence after 40 years Queen of co-ordination! Maxima is a vision in matching shades of midnight blue as she attends a mentoring event in The Hague Wore midnight blue  'I get to stay fit AND play with my kids!' Mom incorporates her two children into her yoga practice by balancing them in stunning poses on her body 'Hopefully we'll get our turn!' Matt Damon says he'll pitch clean water program to Trump Actor  took the cause of clean water to the Sundance Film Festival Soulja Boy charged with felony weapons possession after police find assault rifle and handgun at his home LA prosecutors have heightened accusations Supermodel Toni Garrn, 24,  flaunts her tanned and toned frame in tiny turquoise sports bra and yoga pants while soaking up the sun in Cancun  Selena who? Bella Hadid rocks a quirky fringed jacket as she flashes bright smile on a designer shopping spree in Paris Looked over the moon  It's all in the details! Leighton Meester dresses up a comfy coat with a jaunty hat as she picks up lunch to go Actress was spotted in a cold northern California Meghan Markle shares a series of uplifting lifestyle mantras as she hints at 'uncertain times' (on the day of Donald Trump's inauguration) Posted series of quotes Diane Kruger flashes her cleavage in sweeping gown as she joins elegant Kirsten Dunst at Christian Dior runway show for Paris Couture Fashion Week Olivia Palermo scores another fashion hit in military-style coat as she wows at Schiaparelli Paris Couture Fashion Week show  Christian Dior's first female creative director Maria Grazia Chiuri brings spring wonderland to wintry Paris with a dazzling haute couture debut  Melissa George arrives at Paris Fashion Week in her first public appearance since 'domestic violence incident' with her partner  Who needs an Angel? French lingerie fights back against Victoria's Secret show with older, unknown models to show glamor is 'within every woman's reach' Inappropriate? Former Playboy model sparks online debate with Instagram video that shows her putting her tongue in her three-year-old son's mouth Would YOUR man wear suspenders? New $35 device that looks like women's lingerie promises to keep shirts tucked in all day long Start of a new trend? Spin-off of a spin-off! Vanderpump Rules stars Jax Taylor and Brittany Cartwright to get their own show  There are already three Vanderpump shows  That jacket hasn't been deflated! Tom Brady is mocked for wearing a HUGE coat on the sidelines of championship game  Mercilessly teased Former first daughter Chelsea Clinton speaks out to defend Donald Trump's 10-year-old son from cruel internet bullies Not a Donald fan though Prince Harry wraps up in a puffer jacket as he visits ex-soldiers at a war veteran's center to learn about the mental health treatment they receive  Barefaced beauty Jessica Alba layers up in a flared trousers and oversized coat as she jets out of New York Looked beautiful while dressed down at JFK  She's asking a lot of that bathing suit! Coco Austin nearly spills out of overworked one-piece as she enjoys Miami trip with daughter Chanel Money on her mind! Kim Kardashian wants to 'sell Kimoji products in retail stores... following in the footsteps of Kanye and Kylie' 'I'm very happy': Katie Couric opens up about marriage to banker John Molner Famed journalist speaks to Ellen DeGeneres on Monday's show  I didn't really mean I want to blow up the White House, says Madonna: Star spoke in 'metaphor' at anti-Trump march as Secret Service investigate Five-star hotel in Dubai says scantily-clad Russian models who keep posting raunchy pictures online are ruining its family-friendly reputation  Victoria Beckham oozes glamour in a blue blouse and billowing tangerine trousers as she attends Paris Haute Couture Fashion Week Colour block queen Kate Moss unveils her latest capsule collection for the trendy French label Equipment (and she's taken her own coveted wardrobe as inspiration!)  Mother-of-two, 39, vies for World's Longest Legs title with her incredible 51.5-inch pins - as she's dubbed the 'human skyscraper' She is 6ft 2in tall Randy Newton! Thandie, 44, flashes her lean legs in daring thigh-split dress as she steals the show at Paris Haute Couture Fashion Week 'They have been all over each other!' Iggy Azalea spotted with music producer Ljay Currie in Mexico In sunny Cabo San Lucas Aaron Sorkin and George Clooney are vying for rights to the story of retired CIA Director David Petraeus' downfall from Jill Kelley's memoir 'You are f***ed up!' Giggling Mariah Carey eats marijuana cake with Bryan Tanaka at Amsterdam pot cafe New episode of her reality show Did somebody forget their coat? Lady Kitty Spencer braves freezing temperatures in Paris to attend the Schiaparelli show in a floaty shirt dress 'My favourite part!' Kim Kardashian shows her philanthropic side as she names visit to children's therapy centre as the highlight of her Dubai visit EXCLUSIVE: Selma Blair's handsome boyfriend is unmasked as filmmaker Ron Carlson... as they brave the LA rain with her son Arthur A Little Mix-up? Daringly-dressed Perrie Edwards looks serious in tense discussion with new boyfriend Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain outside a club A whole Lott-a love! Pixie dazzles in a pink faux fur top and skinny cropped trousers as she attends Schiaparelli show at Paris Couture Fashion Week  I like the way you mauve! Kylie Minogue sports thigh-skimming lilac mini-dress as she leads the Schiaparelli attendees at Paris Couture Fashion Week British schoolgirl, 7, who wowed with an amazing Taylor Swift impression becomes Guns N' Roses rocker Axl Rose in her latest performance Moustache fancied a change! Nicholas Hoult looks worlds away from his former self as he sports bushy new facial fuzz at Sundance Film Festival Putting it to the test already? Former Bachelor hopeful Zilda Williams strips down to her bikini at the beach hours after sharing her first laser lipo session The 68-year-old supermodel! Runway star and mother of Tesla billionaire Elon Musk reveals that she let her hair go grey and saw her career skyrocket Team spirit! Queen Letizia of Spain, 44, and her mother-in-law Sofía, 78, present the National Sports Awards in Madrid  Pair looked glamorous  Is this the world's most bizarre beauty pageant? Miss Tatarstan contestants take to the catwalk in BONDAGE style outfits as they compete for the crown  Size 22 model Tess Holliday hits back at critics who told her to 'cover up' after breastfeeding baby son while participating in Women's March 'Getting back in ballet shape!' Mick Jagger's partner Melanie Hamrick, 29, works up a sweat as she fights for her dancer's body after giving birth Steelers star Antonio Brown who sparked anger by streaming locker room celebrations on Facebook has a 'six figure marketing deal'  'Stalker', 60, is accused of bombarding Jemima Khan with social media messages and sending taxi to her house Alleged harassment Mummy's little princess! Victoria Beckham shares cute snap of 'baby girl' Harper, five, in a tiara and regal cloak... as she plants a kiss on David Rise of the itsy bitsy bottoms: Designer says skimpy bikinis 'fit your body BETTER' than bigger styles... so is it time you dared to bare? Get beach ready Ivanka Trump goes casual in loose-tied hair and black dress as she attends White House senior staff swearing in ceremony - miles from her Liberty Ball look Patriotic from head to toes! Trump's youngest daughter Tiffany shows off $725 Stars And Stripes shoes in White House photo next to brother Eric Trump supporting Happy Days actor Scott Baio is attacked at a ball 24 hours after saying he hopes the new president will lead an 'American resurgence' Today's headlines Most Read Inside Chicago's gangland empire: Eye-opening map details exactly where the city's most notorious mobsters... Single mother, 29, and her two young children are missing and their Virginia home is burnt to the ground... Revealed: How French women stay slim without even trying (and it's a lot easier than you think)  Trump will name his Supreme Court justice early next week - with three conservative judges in the running... Revealed: Five of the most germ-infested surfaces you touch EVERY day (and your computer keyboard isn't one... 'I heard them scream that they were on fire': Flight director who witnessed the blaze that killed three... Horrifying Nest video shows home aide HITTING an elderly woman because she fed her dog 'human food'  One-eyed mother-of-three who was found passed out in a gutter is sentenced up to five years in prison for... Conjoined twin girls who shared spine, bladder, uterus and intestines separated in one of the riskiest... Judge orders release of footage showing the fatal 2012 shooting of a suspect by Charlotte police  Minnesota Governor Mark Dayton reveals he has prostate cancer hours after dramatic collapse Paris Jackson says her father Michael was MURDERED as she reveals she attempted suicide multiple times after... EXCLUSIVE: Uma Thurman and ex Arpad Busson settle '98 per cent' of their child custody battle after duking... Babysitters reveal the CREEPIEST things children have ever told them (from saying the devil wants to see... Why you should be adding SUGAR to your shampoo: Expert reveals mixing in the sweet granules will give you... 'I have to collect my thoughts...it's all good.' Uma Thurman and ex Arpad Busson settle '98 percent' of... 'Nobody believes they're twins!': Adorable girls with different skin colors are born to a black father and a... Ikea recalls £20 Mysingo beach chair globally after five cases of it COLLAPSING and trapping people's... Iraqi forces retake last area of Mosul east of the Tigris River after 100 days of deadly fighting – but now... Man 'choked his mother until she blacked out and said he hoped she died after she changed channel on TV' Lost your AirPods? Apple's latest app update will help you track them down Is cancer fatal in YOUR county? Maps reveal where death rates are rising in the US - despite 20% drop in... Michigan man whose 19-year sentence for cocaine dealing was commuted by Obama is executed in halfway house... Mystery group claim Mega Millions jackpot of $83M - two months after winning Is your job having negative effects on your mental health? The subtle signs that show your career is... How to lose ten years and POUNDS from your face with this simple facial massage you can do in three minutes... La La Land equals Titanic's record-tying 14 Oscar nominations and will take on Hidden Figures and Moonlight... Oscar snubs 2017: Taraji P. Henson and Ryan Reynolds are two of the biggest stars that DIDN'T score a... Oops! ABC apologizes after listing Tom Hanks and Amy Adams as Oscar nominees on the official Academy website... MORE HEADLINES EXCLUSIVE: Now it's Caribbean sunshine on Richard Branson's island for Obama: Michelle quits washout California for private jet flight to billionaire's paradise getaway '¡No, no puede!': New White House begins with English-only website as Team Trump breaks with Obama by nixing all Spanish-language content Next stop, Necker Island: Barack and Michelle Obama are all smiles as they arrive in the British Virgin Islands on Richard Branson's private jet and head straight for his lavish private island retreat  What happens when you wear a Trump hat in NYC? Controversial YouTube star films himself 'being harassed and SPAT on' while parading around Manhattan in a 'Make America Great Again' hat after women's march 'Let Barron be a kid': Former first daughter Chelsea Clinton speaks out to defend Donald Trump's 10-year-old son from cruel internet bullies - but then immediately turns her post into a political attack on his father  PIERS MORGAN: Memo to anyone who voted for Trump or Brexit - pedophile-loving hypocrite Ewan McGregor holds you in utter contempt. So why on earth would you want to see any of his movies ever again? Bomb threats don’t Trump hate: PIERS MORGAN on the day Madonna and a bunch of famous, foul-mouthed nasty women let down ladies everywhere White House press secretary Sean Spicer waged a one-sided, five-year Twitter feud against Dippin' Dots Heartwarming moment Bear the dog has his chain cut after spending 15-years OUTSIDE on his own, tied to a doghouse  Revealed: Obama defied Congress to hand $220 MILLION to Palestinians in dying hours of his time in office - and gave millions for climate change too Kellyanne Conway allegedly punched a tuxedo-clad man repeatedly in the face as she broke up a fight at inauguration ball 'It was inexcusable': SNL writer apologizes for her 'offensive words' after she is SUSPENDED from show for tweeting that ten-year-old Barron Trump will be 'this country's first homeschool shooter' Ivanka's inauguration collection: How the outfits her children wore were custom made for $1,700 by a designer who flew to New York THREE times to perfect the pieces  Minnesota governor Mark Dayton, 69, collapses during his State of the State speech provoking panic among his fellow lawmakers Sportscaster Erin Andrews reveals her secret battle with cervical cancer Lady who lunches: Ivanka Trump hides behind an umbrella as she leaves new DC home with Secret Service and her son Joseph for the first day of her new life  Kate could be banned from the Baftas over fears she 'will OUTSHINE A-list stars': Prince William 'locked in behind-the-scenes row over whether the Duchess of Cambridge should attend the awards ceremony' White House's press secretary says our 'intention is never to lie' - then repeats claims about Trump's inauguration getting record audience Single mother, 29, and her two young children are missing and their Virginia home is burnt to the ground after she went on blind date  Piers Morgan hits back after Ewan McGregor CANCELS his Good Morning Britain appearance 'because he disagrees with his Women's March protest comments'  What exactly is she plotting? Hillary Clinton is getting briefings on what went wrong in her campaign and she and Bill WILL make some sort of political comeback say friends  'He will not divide us': Shia LaBeouf filmed trying to punch a man in the face and screaming down 'white supremacist' at Donald Trump protest Selfish motorist parks his Audi on a stranger's driveway... so she blocks him in for TWO HOURS to teach him a lesson  Plane passengers rejoice as woman who berated Trump supporter for 'putting that man's finger on the nuclear button' is thrown off Mystery deepens over world's biggest explosion 110 years ago in Russia as experts 'debunk proof' that blast the size of 185 Hiroshima bombs felt in the UK and US was caused by a meteorite Trump takes executive action to reinstate pro-life foreign aid policy and orders federal hiring freeze - 'except for the military' Activist who was walking across America barefoot to raise awareness of climate change is hit and killed by SUV Can YOU figure out how this is done? The magical moment a stick figure comes to life   Majority of 230 protesters arrested on Inauguration Day will face 10 years in prison and $25k fine as US attorney says they will be charged with felony rioting MOST READ IN DETAIL SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
हिन्दी Australia 台灣 / 中國 China (English) Indonesia Singapore UK News Press Releases by PR Newswire PitchOff Team Apps Cloud Code Consumer Tech Culture Enterprise Futurism Gadgets Gaming Internet Startups Facebook Twitter Google+ Apps Cloud Code Consumer Tech Culture Enterprise Futurism Gadgets Gaming Internet Startups Facebook Twitter Google+ Apps Cloud Code Consumer Tech Culture Enterprise Futurism Gadgets Gaming Internet Startups Gadgets News Take a look at the first Android Wear 2.0 devices: The Watch Sport and Watch Style 7 days ago Mudit Mohilay Google is expected to bring in some seriously significant updates with its Android Wear 2.0 platform. The company is expected to launch the first along a series of new device running the OS on the 9th of February, but who will wait that long? We now have the first two devices running the Android 2.0 OS for you to take a look at, right here. The watches are the result of a collaboration between Google and LG. The two have previously partnered up to create Google’s Nexus devices as well. This time though, the collaboration will be producing the Watch Sport and the Watch Style. The devices are expected to be unveiled on the 9th of Feb and go for sale in the US from the following day. The watches are also expected to occupy the limelight in LG’s booth at the Mobile World Congress event, which is schedules to kick off from February 27 in Barcelona. They were first reported last year in July by Android Police. Coming back to the watches, the Sport variant appears to be the flagship device of the two. It measures a 14.2-millimeter and will come in titanium and dark blue color options. The Watch Style on the other hand, will measure reasonably thinner at merely 10.8-millimeter. The Watch Style also comes with a variety of swappable straps and is available in either of titanium, silver, and rose gold colors. Meanwhile, the Watch Sport is a shade better than Style — as far as the spec sheet is concerned.  The watch has face dimensions of 1.38 inches and 480 x 480 and packs 768 MB of RAM within the slender frame. Watch sport also has an internal storage of 4 GB versus and a large 430 mAh battery . Finally, Watch Sport can utilize the same phone number as the one in your own device, using untethered telephony. The Watch Style on the other hand, packs some what watered down specs as compared to Sport. The Watch Style has dimensions of 1.2-inch, 360 x 360 and packs 512 MB of RAM and 4 GB of internal storage. The whole device will be powered by a 240 mAh battery. While both the watches offer support for bluetooth and Wi-Fi facilities, only the Watch Sport offers you cellular connectivity on your wrist with the option to bring either 3G or LTE data networks into play. Interestingly enough, Watch Sport also has GPS and NFC radios, which should allow the watch to make use of the Android Pay capability. Sadly though, the Watch Style does not appear to have the features yet. Both the watches also offer iOS compatibility, giving users on the platform another alternative to the highly expensive Apple Watch. Speaking of Apple Watches, the Watch Sport and Watch Style both come with  a digital crown button to facilitate navigation and also pack Google Assistant to facilitate all sorts of stuff.  Finally, the devices are both water and dust resistance . Meanwhile, we will know more about the duo, including the all important price, once Google showcases them at its 9th of Feb event. Mudit Mohilay A bibliophile and a business enthusiast. [email protected] Tagsandroid wear featured smartwatch Watch Sport Watch Style You may also like Gadgets News LG G6 likely to pack non-removable battery, design elements from G5 2 hours ago Mudit Mohilay LG electronics is all set to  unveil its next flagship Android Phone G6, at the World  Mobile Congress in Barcelona on February 26, this year... News Startups Team Indus makes its way to the final five for Google’s LunarX prize 3 hours ago Mudit Mohilay Google’s LunarX prize, which saw the creation of several private entities — all with the aim of creating and sending a working robot to... Apps News Tumblr now lets you apply filters and stickers to media 4 hours ago Rohit Singh Jain The Tumblr mobile application is all set to let users add stickers and filters to photos and videos that a user uploads. The resultant creation can... Gadgets News Google partners with Asus and Acer to launch stylus-based convertible chromebooks 5 hours ago Rohit Singh Jain Chromebooks, known for their affordability and portability, are all set to make a mark in the education sector. Google has partnered with Asus and... Gaming News Resident Evil 7 DLC will be arriving to the PS4 first 5 hours ago Dhruv Chopra Capcom’s horror game Resident Evil 7 finally launched today. The publisher also put out a launch trailer to celebrate the occasion and and... News Amazon modifies e-book clause to end EU antitrust probe 5 hours ago Mudit Mohilay The biggest e- book distributor in Europe, Amazon, has  decided to withdraw some clauses from its e-book deals with  publishers in a bid to end an... Enterprise News Volkswagen dealers to receive millions as court approves $1.2 Billion settlement 6 hours ago Mudit Mohilay Volkswagen AG dealers are set to receive a compensation following a billion dollar plus settlement that accompanies a diesel emissions... Enterprise News Koubei, Alibaba’s local commerce platform, raises a massive $1.1 Billion in funding 7 hours ago Mudit Mohilay Alibaba has been faring pretty well well of late. The company is doing a raring business and despite some setbacks like a flow of counterfeit goods... Add Comment Click here to post a comment Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Telegram could bring in support for voice calls and new themes soon HPE acquires data management platform SimpliVity in an all cash deal Comment Share This! Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest LinkedIn Subscribe Be a part of a thriving community of core-tech, no-nonsense readership in India. Subscribe to our post-by-post updates, right here. Email Address recommended Hyperloop One secures $50 million in debt financing, appoints former Uber CFO as advisor Anmol Sachdeva 3 Min Read the latest LG G6 likely to pack non-removable battery, design elements from G5 Mudit Mohilay 2 Min Read Team Indus makes its way to the final five for Google’s LunarX prize Mudit Mohilay 2 Min Read Tumblr now lets you apply filters and stickers to media Rohit Singh Jain 2 Min Read Google partners with Asus and Acer to launch stylus-based convertible chromebooks Rohit Singh Jain 3 Min Read Resident Evil 7 DLC will be arriving to the PS4 first Dhruv Chopra 2 Min Read Subscribe Be a part of a thriving community of core-tech, no-nonsense readership in India. Subscribe to our post-by-post updates, right here. Email Address Share About Team <Contact GLOBAL NETWORK Australia 台灣 / 中國 China (English) Indonesian Singapore UK Copyright © 2016. All Rights Reserved TheTechPortal Facebook Twitter Google+
OUR SITES: Iowa Ideas Homes Milestones Directory Classifieds Photo Store Hoopla Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Weather Site Search Health Rural News Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS LOCAL DIRECTORY Like what you're reading? We make it easy to stay connected: Follow @TwitterDev Subscribe to our email newsletters Download our free apps Connecting Iowans Join the conversation here Website Facebook Twitter A Twitter List by gazettedotcom Most Popular Most Recent Fix Iowa’s mental health system Williamsburg man faces several charges in accidental shooting Iowa City Police want help finding missing teen Hawkeyes nab commit No. 2 for 2018 Sticking up for snout houses VIDEO: Iowa CCI rallies at Statehouse as part of day of action Judge sentences Marion restaurant owner to three years probation for theft Iowa DOT reaching limit on downsizing, director tells lawmakers On Iowa Podcast: BTN analyst Stephen Bardo talks Iowa, Illinois basketball North Cedar wrestlers split road duals U.S. antitrust agency sues Qualcomm over patent licensing Video Photo One of many Qualcomm buildings is shown in San Diego, California, U.S. on November 3, 2015. REUTERS/Mike Blake/File Photo By By Diane Bartz, Reuters Jan 17, 2017 at 5:48 pm | Print View WASHINGTON — The U.S. Federal Trade Commission filed a lawsuit against Qualcomm Inc on Tuesday, accusing the company of using “anticompetitive” tactics to maintain its monopoly on a key semiconductor used in mobile phones. The FTC, which works with the Justice Department to enforce antitrust law, said that San Diego-based Qualcomm used its dominant position as a supplier of certain phone chips to impose “onerous” supply and licensing terms on cellphone manufacturers and to weaken competitors. Qualcomm said in a statement that it would “vigorously contest” the complaint and denied FTC allegations that it threatened to withhold chips in order to collect unreasonable licensing fees. Qualcomm shares fell 4 percent to $64.19 on Tuesday. The complaint is likely the agency’s last major action under current Democratic Chairwoman Edith Ramirez, who will step down Feb. 10, and comes just days before U.S. President-elect Donald Trump takes office on Friday. Trump is expected to name Republican Commissioner Maureen Ohlhausen as acting FTC chairwoman and will fill three vacancies that will reshape the agency. Ramirez and fellow Democrat Terrell McSweeny voted to approve the complaint but Ohlhausen dissented, saying that the lawsuit was based on a “flawed legal theory ... that lacks economic and evidentiary support.” In its complaint, the FTC said the patents that Qualcomm sought to license are standard essential patents, which means that the industry uses them widely and they are supposed to be licensed on fair, reasonable and non-discriminatory terms. The FTC complaint also accused Qualcomm of refusing to license some standard essential patents to rival chipmakers, and of entering into an exclusive deal with Apple Inc. “Qualcomm’s customers have accepted elevated royalties and other license terms that do not reflect an assessment of terms that a court or other neutral arbiter would determine to be fair and reasonable,” the FTC said in its complaint. The FTC asked the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California in San Jose to order Qualcomm to end these practices. For its part, Qualcomm accused the FTC of a last-minute dash to court. “This is an extremely disappointing decision to rush to file a complaint on the eve of Chairwoman Ramirez’s departure and the transition to a new administration,” Don Rosenberg, Qualcomm general counsel, said in a statement. “We look forward to defending our business in federal court, where we are confident we will prevail.” The company has faced a series of antitrust rulings and investigations from regulators across the globe. South Korea’s antitrust regulator fined Qualcomm Inc 1.03 trillion won ($854 million) in December for what it called unfair practices in patent licensing, a decision the U.S. chipmaker said it will challenge in court. In February 2015, Qualcomm paid a $975 million fine in China following a 14-month probe, while the European Union in December 2015 accused it of abusing its market power to thwart rivals. (Reporting by Diane Bartz; Editing by Soyoung Kim and Alan Crosby) Your next Nation & World articles Report: Trump plans to keep Comey as FBI ... Trump advances Dakota Access, Keystone p ... Trump meets Senate leaders on Supreme Co ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Classifieds Fusionfarm Iowa Ideas Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best 11 Best Weight Loss Apps for 2017 Best iPhone 7 Cases Things Apple Watch Can Do Android Galaxy S7 20 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals 5 Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases 8 Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors 8 Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors 18 Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals 5 Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] Samsung Unleashes Galaxy Note Super Bowl Teaser Video Adam Mills02/01/2012 Don’t ask us why, but Samsung has released an early teaser video of its upcoming Super Bowl ad for the Samsung Galaxy Note which will be hitting AT&T’s 4G LTE network on February 19th for $299. In the meantime, Sammy is going to be drumming up interest for the 5.3-inch phone/tablet hybrid and one of the ways it will be doing that is with a lengthy spot during the Giants-Patriots game. Advertisement What you see here is only a snippet of what’s to come. The advertisement will actually, and this might surprise some of you, be Samsung Mobile’s first ad during the Super Bowl. Ever. So it’s no wonder that the company has gone all out. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WQro3kvKCtk&feature=player_embedded Advertisement Samsung’s Galaxy Note ad is going to be playing off of the advertisements that Samsung has released in recent days that mock Apple device owners. The people you see in line there? Yeah, those are Americans waiting in line to get what is presumably an iPhone and yes, Samsung touches on just about every stereotype you can think of. Advertisement Some of its funny, some not, but its clear that Samsung wants to let consumers know that they have options and one of those options is a giant phone called the Galaxy Note, which it debuted at CES 2012. And while it’s not going to be much of a surprise, the Galaxy Note advertisement will run in its entirety on February 5th, Super Bowl Sunday, in which Samsung promises to show off the “The Next Big Thing.” Some of you probably just rolled your eyes and muttered “which is the Galaxy S III and not the Note.” Patience. One Response 02/01/2012 GALAXY es tre Reply I did not laugh at all. i think a teaser for something that is already well known is stupid. if you type in galaxy note in google news you get videos of the device. and then this teaser! dumb. Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website What’s New in iOS 10.2.1 & iOS 10.2 01/23/2017 Samsung Galaxy Marshmallow Update Info (2017) 01/17/2017
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise Go! ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Multimedia Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Follow us on social: BOTS Guest Why 2017 is the year of data-driven AI Matt Bencke, Mighty AI January 17, 2017 4:10 PM Tags: ai, bopts, BotBeat Weekly, chatbots, machine learning, Mighty AI Above: AI needs more data. Image Credit: Shutterstock.com/Mmaxer There was much ado about artificial intelligence (AI) platforms in 2016. It was warranted. Major developments and offerings came out of Microsoft (Cognitive Services), Google (TensorFlow), Amazon (Rekognition, Polly, Lex), IBM (Watson), Salesforce (Einstein), and many more. AI and machine learning (ML) are the hammers that turn just about every business’ data problem into a nail. But if 2016 was the year of the platform, 2017 will be the year of data. Looking at AI through the lens of platforms is a bit like looking through the wrong end of a set of binoculars. In that backward view, AI looks tiny and distant. This is compounded by the fact that the quiet, small advances made daily by agile software teams — especially at smaller companies — often go unnoticed. It’s the big players and the eureka moments that get the press. But, as those are few and far between, AI often still seems a long way off. And that’s not the case. If you hold your binoculars correctly, you can see that AI is close and big. It’s here, and it’s pervasive. Soon, simply applying AI in your business won’t be a sufficient differentiator. In 2017 and beyond, the businesses with the right data will win. It’s easier than ever to build AI Unlike in years past, if you’re developing AI today, you have multiple viable choices for infrastructure and algorithms. Two years ago, perhaps you were running loads on EC2 if not your own servers, but you needed your own framework to build an AI. Now we have TensorFlow, Cognitive Services, Rekognition, Polly, IBM Watson APIs … It’s an arms race, but more fundamental platform features are getting ever closer to functional parity. Platforms and algorithms have advanced so much that, in the near future, the make-or-break factor will be the data. Accurate, precise, specific training data — whether that’s semantic segmentation masks, polygon and cuboid annotations, relational mapping, sample utterances and conversations, product attributes, sentiment analysis, or one of the many other types of training data that today’s AI necessitates — is what sets one application apart from the rest. That’s why so many large AI platforms are more than happy to let you use their services for free, as long as they can use your data to improve their algorithms. The data makes all the difference Let’s consider some examples: Autonomous vehicles: It’s reasonable to assume that if you’re GM or BMW, you’re existentially afraid of Uber, Tesla, and Google. The latter are miles ahead (ha) in self-driving technology, due in large part to their reams of training data — both historical and pouring in daily — via their info-gathering vehicles and technology. With broad access to a variety of viable AI building blocks, it’s the data — accurately annotated images and video among them — that will play a critical role distinguishing one self-driving system from another. Just think of what Waze did to Navteq and others. Conversational AI: Amazon’s Echo ecosystem is growing with impressive velocity, and competition within it is heating up.Think about the travel industry: What will make the difference between Expedia and Booking.com’s Alexa skills? They’ll both run on Amazon Voice Services. One company may have a better product team, and that makes a meaningful difference. The company with the higher quality, more specialized training data, however, will have the advantage. Sampling domain-specific dialogue will enable an app that allows travelers to book travel and gather information via naturally spoken language. That will be the game changer. Apple enjoyed a head start with Siri. Google moved fast with Now and has a tremendous installed base that enabled it to effectively catch up. Microsoft rushed to market with Cortana, and IBM is investing heavily. But today most ears are tuned to Amazon. Echo starred at CES, in large part because Amazon is so focused on creating an ecosystem before its competitors. But there’s an obvious bridge across their moat: the training data. While building an Alexa skill is remarkably easy, Amazon does not share failure data with its developers. Amazon’s natural language models improve, but ultimately developers will get frustrated if Amazon cannot find a way to help them understand why users disengage when their utterances and intents fail. Recommendation engines and visual search: Consider home goods retailers. Most people don’t know the specific names of pieces of furniture or furnishings they might be interested in or how to verbally describe them. Visual search — in which a customer searches and shops online with an image query instead of a text one — makes finding products easier. Naturally, the Wayfairs and Houzzes of the world are keen on visual search and investing in what they deem the best computer vision platform. Likewise, recommendation engines and “more like this” algorithms that suggest products similar to those a shopper has shown interest in make finding the perfect product a breezy delight. Or at least that’s the idea. Bad data makes for weird recommendations, as we’ve all experienced. If I’m shopping for Pussycat MP3s, do I really want cat food, too? With widely available compute power, systems, and ready-to-use algorithms to supplement or replace homegrown frameworks, retailers’ respective setups will eventually reach comparable performance. The training data with the richest labels and annotations will be the breakthrough that nudges one in front. Great obstacles Early adopters who gather accurate training data to improve their models enjoy first-mover advantages. This is largely due to learning loops. Not only do first movers’ predictive models improve continuously with training, application, and correction, but so do all the subsystems that benefit from better overall performance. For example, more accurate computer vision models drive more precise navigation, which in turn drives a need for higher resolution, better sensors, which in turn enables more use cases, creating a beautiful flywheel effect. The proliferation of infrastructure, platforms, and know-how is quickly making basic AI functionality achievable by software across just about any application that entails data, text, speech, or other media. If we look through our AI binoculars properly, we will see that leading companies will move quickly beyond this new, higher common standard to apply AIs in ways that are more sophisticated, specialized, and personalized. And guess what these more ambitious applications will require? You guessed it: increasingly sophisticated, specialized, personalized — and reliable — human training data. After all, a machine is only as smart as the humans who train it. ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
Home News Local News Ohio News Pennsylvania News National & World Entertainment News Live Stream Mr. Food Recipes Sign-up Text Alerts Sign-up Email Alerts JobsNOW 27 Investigates 27 Investigates Report It Weather Forecast Radar Closings Weather Alerts Weather cameras Sign-up Text Alerts Sign-up Email Alerts Sports Sports Headlines Scores Game of the Week The Big Game Big 22 Diamond Kings Starting Five Report It Community Community Events Caring For Our Community Community Calendar Breast Cancer Awareness Heroin Crisis Mental Health More About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Jobs News Team Watch CBS Shows Watch FOX Shows WKBN/FOX TV Schedule Tributes 37° F Overcast Hi: 40° F Lo: 35° F Youngstown Radar Current Conditions Satellite Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Ohio News Pennsylvania News National & World Entertainment News Live Stream Mr. Food Recipes Sign-up Text Alerts Sign-up Email Alerts JobsNOW Latest Headlines 2 adults, 2 teenagers charged with attack of teen in Warren Updated: 10 mins ago Police said the victim was hospitalized after he was assaulted by the group. Police: 3 people killed in Youngstown crash Updated: 34 mins ago The road is closed between from Albert Street and Logangate Road, according to police. 2 charged with robbery of Pizza Joe’s in Boardman Updated: 58 mins ago Truck hauling construction debris flips over in New Waterford 12:42 pm Defendant pleads not guilty to harassing Youngstown firefighters Updated: 52 mins ago 27 Investigates 27 Investigates Report It Weather Weather Forecast Radar Closings Weather Alerts Weather cameras Sign-up Text Alerts Sign-up Email Alerts Current Conditions 37° F Overcast Feels Like: 30° F Wind: W 10 Humidity: 93% Dewpoint: 35° F Sunrise: 7:40 AM Sunset: 5:29 PM Youngstown Weather Interactive Radar Sponsored by: Sports Sports Sports Headlines Scores Game of the Week The Big Game Big 22 Diamond Kings Starting Five Latest Headlines Former Browns QB Manziel deletes Twitter account after advice to Trump 2:24 pm Johnny Manziel deleted his Twitter account after sending expletive-laden messages telling President Donald Trump to ignore twitter comments. Steelers QB Roethlisberger not ruling out retirement 2:12 pm Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Ben Roethlisberger isn’t sure he’ll be back in 2017. In interview, Fox Sports reporter Erin Andrews announces cancer diagnosis 11:58 am Jones, Holiday lead Pelicans past Cavs 124-122 12:11 am Ursuline product Durkin transferring to YSU 9:22 am Report It Community Community Events Caring For Our Community Community Calendar Breast Cancer Awareness Heroin Crisis Mental Health More About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Jobs News Team Watch CBS Shows Watch FOX Shows WKBN/FOX TV Schedule Tributes Search for: Search the site 37° F Overcast Hi: 40° F Lo: 35° F Storm Team 27: Cooler air slides in tonight By Paul Wetzl Published: January 17, 2017, 6:55 pm Updated: January 17, 2017, 11:06 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio (WKBN)- WHAT WE’RE TRACKING Warm temperatures will slide out of the area overnight as cooler air slips in from the northwest.  Temperatures will dip into the upper 30’s by morning.  There is a risk for a few showers through early Wednesday.  A small chance for a wet snowflake too.  Look for the showers to taper off by afternoon with temperatures near 40.  Better weather will return Thursday with more rain by Friday.  Above normal temperatures are expected into the weekend. Forecast Tonight:   A few showers.  Small chance for snowflakes toward morning.  (40%) Low:   37 Wednesday:   Chance showers early.  Mostly cloudy.  (40%) High:   40 Wednesday night:   Mostly cloudy. Low:   32 Thursday:   Becoming partly cloudy. High:   46 Friday:  Mostly cloudy.  Scattered rain showers.  (70%) High:   46    Low:   33 Saturday:  Mostly cloudy. High:   54   Low:   40 Sunday:  Partly sunny.  Chance for showers late day.  (40%) High:   56   Low:   40 Monday:  Rain showers likely.  (70%) High:   52    Low:  43 Tuesday:   Chance for showers.  (30%) High:   49    Low:   38 Wednesday:   Partly sunny.  Chance for showers late day.  (20%) High:   53    Low:   40 WKBN is your source for the Valley’s latest weather information. Download our app for Apple and Android devices and sign up for weather text alerts. Share this: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to send this to your Kindle device (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Related Posts Storm Team 27: Warm with rain Tuesday Storm Team 27: Warming up with more rain Storm Team 27: Rain showers likely today Storm Team 27: Warm with light rain Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WKBN 27 First News provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. No links will be permitted. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Advertisement Most Popular Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WKBN.com © 1998-2017 WKBN.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc | All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Section News Weather Sports MyValleyDeals MyValleyDining Tributes Station Contact Us Text Alerts Email Alerts WKBN news app WKBN weather app ION Television LAFF Get TV Admin Business Closed Captioning FCC Public File (WKBN) WKBN EEO Report WKBN FCC 398 Children’s Report Privacy Policy Terms of Use Nexstar Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram X Our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Have Changed Important Notice About Our Privacy Policy: We have modified our Privacy Policy to update and clarify our data collection, use, and disclosure practices. By using this site, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Watch live: First News at 5 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
TV Opinion Weird Trump Sports Entertainment Food Newsletter Search Follow @mediaite Like us on Facebook Menu Trump Orders Media Freeze at EPA; Bans Press Releases and Social Media Watch The Incredible Helmet Cam Footage of This Scary Motorcycle Crash Triumph the Insult Comic Dog Takes on the Inauguration Crowd: 'If a Walmart Could Vomit...' LifeZette Trends on Twitter As Politicos Express Shock Over Presser Question Trump Admin Deletes Apology for 1950s Mass Government Discrimination Against Gay Employees Full Schedule of Events For the 2017 Presidential Inauguration of Donald Trump by Mediaite | 6:57 pm, January 17th, 2017   The stages are built, the speakers are installed, and the bunting is hung. Now all that’s left are the many, many people. The Inauguration of President Donald J. Trump will take place on Friday, January 20th as part of a long celebratory weekend to usher in the start of the new administration. It marks the 58th inauguration ceremony in our nation’s history, and is expected to draw a high volume of supporters and protestors alike. Here’s the full calendar of the most anticipated day-by-day events. THURSDAY, JANUARY 19 Wreath-Laying Ceremony Arlington National Cemetery Time TBD The incoming President and VP will lay a wreath in honor of our armed forces. Welcome Concert Celebration Lincoln Memorial The incoming administration touts the event that will, “combine a diverse group of performers and is the official kick-off to the inaugural events.” President-elect Trump is expected to make an appearance. FRIDAY, JANUARY 20 Inaugural Swearing-In Ceremony West Front of the U.S. Capitol Building The ceremony kicks off at 9:30 a.m. EST with music and performances by the Mormon Tabernacle Choir will perform along with Jackie Evancho and the Radio City Rockettes. The opening remarks will begin at 11:30 a.m. and will feature New York Archbishop Timothy Dolan. Supreme Court Chief Justice John Roberts will swear in Donald Trump at noon; Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has announced that she will be in attendance alongside Presidents Bill Clinton and George W. Bush, as will members of Congress. Inaugural Parade At the conclusion of the Swearing-In ceremony, President Trump, Vice President Mike Pence, and their families will walk up Pennsylvania Avenue from the Capitol Building to the White House. Thousands of high school band members, as well as motorcyclists and military members, will also march as part of the historic parade. Inaugural Ball Although there are many balls around town, there is only one official Inaugural Ball, which the newly sworn President will attend. This year’s theme is the Big Apple, an open homage to the President’s hometown. It is a black tie event at the Walter E. Washington Convention Center. SATURDAY, JANUARY 21 Women’s March on Washington 10:00 a.m. EST Independence Avenue & Third St SW The largest congregation of protestors — women and men alike — will come in the form of the Women’s March on Washington, set to begin Saturday morning. “We work peacefully while recognizing there is no true peace without justice and equity for all,” reads the group’s site. The U.S. Secret Service released a map of the planned restricted areas and road closures during the inauguration. Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com Follow Mediaite Follow @mediaite Like us on Facebook filed under 2017, Donald Trump, Inauguration Around the Web Sign up for the Mediaite newsletter What's Popular SNL Sings ‘To Sir With Love’ In Honor of President Obama Chris Wallace Grills Priebus: ‘How Does Arguing About Crowd Size’ Help the American People? SNL Turns Kellyanne Conway’s CNN Interview Into a Musical About Her Newfound Celebrity SNL Writer Deletes Tweet Saying Barron Trump Will be America’s ‘First Homeschool Shooter’ Fox News Cuts Prominent Conservative Contributors George Will, Stacey Dash, and Others Tips Have a tip or story idea? Email us. Or to keep it anonymous, click here. « Previous Post Next Post » © 2017 Mediaite, LLC | About Us | Advertise | Newsletter | Jobs | Privacy | User Agreement | Disclaimer | Contact | Archives | RSS Dan Abrams, Founder Mediaite The Mary Sue RunwayRiot LawNewz Gossip Cop
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise Go! ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Multimedia Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Follow us on social: BUSINESS U.S. antitrust agency sues Qualcomm over patent licensing Reuters January 17, 2017 3:51 PM Tags: antitrust, chips, FTC, lawsuit, Qualcomm, Qualcomm News Above: Qualcomm CEO Steve Mollenkopf Image Credit: Dean Takahashi (Reuters) — The U.S. Federal Trade Commission filed a lawsuit against Qualcomm Inc on Tuesday, accusing the company of using “anticompetitive” tactics to maintain its monopoly on a key semiconductor used in mobile phones. The FTC, which works with the Justice Department to enforce antitrust law, said that San Diego-based Qualcomm used its dominant position as a supplier of certain phone chips to impose “onerous” supply and licensing terms on cellphone manufacturers and to weaken competitors. Qualcomm said in a statement that it would “vigorously contest” the complaint and denied FTC allegations that it threatened to withhold chips in order to collect unreasonable licensing fees. Qualcomm shares fell 4 percent to $64.19 on Tuesday. The complaint is likely the agency’s last major action under current Democratic Chairwoman Edith Ramirez, who will step down Feb. 10, and comes just days before U.S. President-elect Donald Trump takes office on Friday. Trump is expected to name Republican Commissioner Maureen Ohlhausen as acting FTC chairwoman and will fill three vacancies that will reshape the agency. Ramirez and fellow Democrat Terrell McSweeny voted to approve the complaint but Ohlhausen dissented, saying that the lawsuit was based on a “flawed legal theory … that lacks economic and evidentiary support.” In its complaint, the FTC said the patents that Qualcomm sought to license are standard essential patents, which means that the industry uses them widely and they are supposed to be licensed on fair, reasonable and non-discriminatory terms. The FTC complaint also accused Qualcomm of refusing to license some standard essential patents to rival chipmakers, and of entering into an exclusive deal with Apple Inc. “Qualcomm’s customers have accepted elevated royalties and other license terms that do not reflect an assessment of terms that a court or other neutral arbiter would determine to be fair and reasonable,” the FTC said in its complaint. The FTC asked the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California in San Jose to order Qualcomm to end these practices. For its part, Qualcomm accused the FTC of a last-minute dash to court. “This is an extremely disappointing decision to rush to file a complaint on the eve of Chairwoman Ramirez’s departure and the transition to a new administration,” Don Rosenberg, Qualcomm general counsel, said in a statement. “We look forward to defending our business in federal court, where we are confident we will prevail.” The company has faced a series of antitrust rulings and investigations from regulators across the globe. South Korea’s antitrust regulator fined Qualcomm Inc 1.03 trillion won ($854 million) in December for what it called unfair practices in patent licensing, a decision the U.S. chipmaker said it will challenge in court. In February 2015, Qualcomm paid a $975 million fine in China following a 14-month probe, while the European Union in December 2015 accused it of abusing its market power to thwart rivals. (Reporting by Diane Bartz; Editing by Soyoung Kim and Alan Crosby) ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
Skip to content Home News Sports Metro Plus Politics Business Entertainment Opinion Editorial Columnists Jobs Sections Search for: News We recovered bags of cash from Justice Ademola’s house – DSS Published January 18, 2017January 18, 2017 Share Tweet Pin it +1 Ade Adesomoju, Abuja The Department of State Services on Tuesday gave an account of its raid on the official residence of a judge of the Federal High Court, Justice Adeniyi Ademola, on October 7, 2016. The leader of the DSS team, which carried out the raid, Mr. Ike Onuoha, gave the details of the operation when he appeared before a High Court of the Federal Capital Territory, Maitama, as the second prosecution witness in the ongoing joint trial of Justice Ademola; his wife, Olabowale; and a Senior Advocate of Nigeria, Mr. Joe Agi. The Federal Government is prosecuting the three defendants on 16 counts bordering mainly on receiving of gratifications. Ihuoha, who said he led the eight-man team that searched Justice Ademola’s house, entered the witness box on Tuesday shortly after a sales representative of Coscharis Motor Limited, Ifeoma Ofornagolu, who testified as the first prosecution witness ended her oral evidence on how Justice Ademola’s son, Ademide, allegedly received a BMW 320i car described by the prosecution as a gratification meant for the judge, from Agi. Led in evidence by the lead prosecuting counsel, Mr. Segun Jegede, the witness testified on Tuesday that Justice Ademola lied to be out of town when the DSS operatives visited his house for the purpose of searching it on October 7, 2016. Ihuoha said his team was directed to search the judge’s residence based on petitions and information relating to incriminating items in the judge’s possession. He said his team was armed with a duly signed search warrant, but due to the uncooperative attitude of the judge, the operatives had to break some doors to find the judge and recover some items including cash. He said when his team arrived the judge’s house, they could not gain entry because the security guards said only the judge’s cook identified as Ken, had the keys. The witness said, “Ken eventually came and told us the judge was out of town. “We then asked him to call the judge on his phone. We did so because we had reasons to believe that the judge was, in fact, at home. “When we entered the premises, we called on Ken to call the judge with his mobile phone. Ken called the judge severally but he refused to pick. Much later, the judge sent a text message that he was not in town. After repeated calls, he switched off his phone. At that point, we had no option but to force open the main door. When we entered, we saw Justice Ademola in the master’s bedroom upstairs in his night wears. That was few minutes after 12 midnight.” Ihuoha, however, said his team granted the judge’s request to allow his lawyer (Agi) to arrive before  starting the search. He said, “As we continued our search on the ground floor, we encountered a locked bedroom. “We requested the keys, but we were not given. We then had no option but to force open the door. Inside the bedroom, we saw a locked wardrobe which we also had to force open when the keys were not made available to us.” According to him, the sums of N39.5m in N1,000 denomination; N8.5m in N1,000 denomination; N6m; £121,179; 4,400; £80 pounds and 1,010 Indian Rupees, were found in bags planted in different locations in the house. He said, “Inside the wardrobe, we found a Ghana-must-go bag containing various N1,000 denomination notes to the tune of N39.5m after counting it on the spot. We also found two black pump action rifles and 35 life cartridges of ammunition. We also found a silver-coloured flash drive.” Ihuoha added that his team found another locked room where his team mates found the sum of N8.5m in N1,000 denomination. He said the money was found inside a black-and- white medium-sized bag which was  locked up in a wardrobe. The DSS operative said his team also found “in the master’s bedroom, in an open wardrobe, a black bag where we found the sum of N6m, 121,179 US dollars, 4,400 Euros, 80 pounds, 1,010 Indian Rupees. “We also recovered six ATM cards, eight cheque books, eight deposit slips for various banks, two firearm licences – one for Honourable Justice A.R. Muhammed, the other for Honourable Justice Adeniyi Ademola. We also recovered two Apple ipads.” Under cross-examination, Ihuoha confirmed that the licences for the rifles were renewable and that their issuance and renewal were the responsibilities of the police. Ihuoha said his investigation did not extend to interviewing Justice A.R. Muhammed to ascertain the reason why a gun was licensed in his name but found in the residence of Justice Ademola. He also said he was not aware that ordering the release of Nnamdi Kanu, leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra from the DSS’ custody by Justice Ademola was the judge’s offence that prompted the search of his house. The witness maintained that the operation followed a series of  petitions, intelligence and information gathered.  He, however, said he could not provide the sources of the information, because they “are classified.” Earlier, the trial judge, Justice Jude Okeke, refused to admit as an exhibit, a statement made to the DSS by the first prosecution witness, Ofornagolu. The statement was tendered by the prosecution on Monday, but was objected to by defence lawyers comprising, Messrs Onyechi Ikpeazu (SAN), Robert Clarke (SAN) and Jeph Njikonye. In a ruling on Tuesday, Justice Okeke upheld the objection by the defence lawyers. The judge in rejecting the document, said although it was relevant to the case,  such “extrajudicial statement” was only admissible when a party “seeks to contradict the evidence already given by the witness on oath.” During cross-examination, Ofornagolu had confirmed that the transaction for the purchase of the BMW car which was paid for by Agi was only between Cosharis and Ademide and did not involve Justice Ademola, Ademide’s father. Justice Okeke adjourned the matter till Wednesday for further trial. Copyright PUNCH. All rights reserved. This material, and other digital content on this website, may not be reproduced, published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in whole or in part without prior express written permission from PUNCH. Contact: [email protected]   Justice Ademola 14 witnesses to testify against Justice Ademola, wife, SAN PHOTOS: Justice Ademola, wife in court BREAKING: FG arraigns Justice Ademola, wife for gratification, other offences BREAKING: FG allows Justice Ademola, wife’s bail applications ‘NJC official didn’t exonerate Justice Ademola in court’ Court adjourns Justice Ademola, wife’s trial till January 18 ‎Justice Ademola speaks, says gratification charges, bogus, trumped-up Court grants Justice Ademola, wife N100m bail Trending Here’s what happens when you stop having sex ICYMI: I drove taxi and worked as a guard – Kayode Fayemi ICYMI: Roadside bomb kills four soldiers Why we are shooting Big Brother Naija in South Africa – Multichoice Vehicle plunges into dam, husband escapes, wife missing Family Spice Special Features Education Vox Pop Sex & Relationship Letters Privacy Policy Terms of Use About punchng.com © 1971-2017 The Punch newspaper
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best 11 Best Weight Loss Apps for 2017 Best iPhone 7 Cases Things Apple Watch Can Do Android Galaxy S7 20 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals 5 Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases 8 Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors 8 Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors 18 Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals 5 Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] 27 Coming Windows 10 Creators Update Features Travis Pope01/17/2017 By all accounts, 2015 was a very exciting year for Microsoft’s Windows operating system. The company kicked off an upgrade program that brought its Windows 10 Update to millions of notebooks desktops and tablets for free. We haven’t seen that kind of exciting announcement from Microsoft since, but that’s going to change soon. Microsoft is preparing for its biggest, most high-profile Windows 10 update yet. It’s calling this upgrade the Windows 10 Creators Update. Advertisement Microsoft launched test versions of the Windows 10 Creators Update just after it launched the Windows 10 Anniversary Update last year. Since then, members of the Windows Insider Program have been the first to enjoy some small feature changes. Since it held a media event in New York City, the company has shown off some high-profile features it plans to include in the Windows 10 Creators Update. Some of them are aimed at casual users. Others are upgrades meant to boost productivity and keep people connected. All are coming sometime in the spring to PCs already running Windows 10 Anniversary Update. Advertisement Read: Windows 10 Anniversary Update Review – Everything Necessary Advertisement Windows 10 Creators Update Features: MyPeople Microsoft’s teams are obsessed with making it easier to connect with users in interesting ways. To that end, the company has come up with MyPeople. MyPeople is an all-new area in the Taskbar that lets users instant message, share and email with the most important people in their life. App developers are able to add new modes of communication to MyPeople. Windows 10 Creators Update Features: Previewing Tabs in Microsoft Edge Microsoft now lets users see what’s going on in all their tabs with the Microsoft Edge Tab Preview Bar. Windows 10 Creators Update Features: Set Aside Tabs for Later in Microsoft Edge When working on lots of things at a time, you can now set some tabs aside for more work later. Advertisement Windows 10 Creators Update Features: Read eBooks in Microsoft Edge Beginning with the Windows 10 Creators Update, digital books using the EPUB format can be consumed inside Microsoft Edge, just like PDFs. This gets rid of the need to install separate apps for the same task. Windows 10 Creators Update Features: Microsoft Wallet Integration for Microsoft Edge The Microsoft Wallet system from Windows 10 Mobile, is now available on Windows 10’s Microsoft Edge browser. Windows 10 Creators Update Features: Refreshed Get Office Advertisement A refreshed Get Office app now has links for finding training, managing your Office 365 account and finding your recent documents. Windows 10 Creators Update Features: Start Screen Folders You can now store live tiles in folders for easy organizations. Windows 10 Creators Update Features: New Share Experience Advertisement The Windows 8 era Share system has been replaced by a dedicated Share area that pop-ups up in any app and deep links users to apps that support sharing. Windows 10 Creators Update Features: Setup with Cortana The Windows 10 setup process now offers users the option to get things running with Cortana. Windows 10 Creators Update Features: New Cortana Commands and Integration Beginning with the Windows 10 Creators Update, Microsoft is freeing Cortana from her window with a fullscreen experience that only surfaces if your PC is sitting idol. In addition, the company is adding voice commands for accessing specific artists and stations within music apps, like iHeartRadio and TuneIn. She can change volume, lock, restart or put a PC to sleep. Windows 10 Creators Update Features: Windows Defender Finally Gets a New Look Microsoft added the Defender utility to Windows some time ago, but it never updated the design or front-end to match Windows 8 or Windows 10. In the Creators Update, that much needed coat of paint finally arrives. Windows 10 Creators Update Features: Skype Preview Microsoft finally has a plan for messaging. It’s basically retiring the Messaging app it added with previous updates and replacing it with an all-new version of the Skype. This version comes complete with chat bots and the ability to sync text messages from phones that have Android or Windows installed. Windows 10 Creators Update Features: Share Links to OneDrive OneDrive share links allow users to send a link to a file to friends and family stored on OneDrive without first going to the OneDrive website. It’s the first meaningful OneDrive upgrade Windows 10 has gotten since launch. Windows 10 Creators Update Features: Trackpad Customization All of the recent test versions of the Windows 10 Creators Update made available to Windows Insider users include some big changes to trackpads. The sudden focus on them makes sense; Microsoft focused big on the touch experience with the initial Windows 10 release. It then added features for digital pens in the Windows 10 Anniversary Update. Windows 10 Creators Update users decide for themselves what every three-fingered and four-fingered gesture does. Options include launch Cortana, switch apps, hiding all apps and launching Task View. Controlling Audio playback is an option too. Windows 10 Creators Update Features: Themes & Recent Colors Windows 10’s Settings app again includes themes. These themes can be download from the Windows Store. A new Recent Colors make it easy to switch back to a combination you liked before. Windows 10 Creators Update Features: Work Across Devices Windows 10 will let users start and transfer tabs and apps between different devices. Windows 10 Creators Update Features: Snooze for Microsoft Edge One of the greatest innovations to ever come along was tabbed browsing. Since that feature caught on, we’ve all been able to multitask, keeping as many sites open as we please. Problem is, some users will keep the same tabs open all day, just as a reminder to read them when they have some free time. Microsoft Edge lets users right-click on a tab and have Cortana remind them to open that tab later with the Windows 10 Creators Update. Windows 10 Creators Update Features: Xbox Beam When the Windows 10 Creators Update launches sometime in the spring, it’ll add Beam support to the Xbox on Windows app. Gamers will be able to stream 4K footage from their favorite titles without installing extra software or adding hardware to their setup. Beam will also support taking polls from viewers of a stream. Windows 10 Creators Update Features: Upgraded Camera App Besides getting a refreshed interface with reconfigured buttons, the new Camera app included with the Redstone Windows 10 Update lets PCs and tablets capture Living Images. These are the same moving pictures that have been available on Windows Phone for years and were created by Nokia back when it made Windows Phones. Windows 10 Creators Update Features: New Photos App The Photos app gets another layer of polish with the Windows 10 Creators Update. Besides ditching the menu on the left, the app now lets users draw on their pictures. Windows 10 Creators Update Features: Improved PIN Login When users have a PIN code, the Windows 10 login area now acts as if NUM Lock is on, even if it’s off. This change saves users from having to find the NUM lock button on their keyboard and manually enable it. Windows 10 Creators Update Features: New Stencils in Sketchpad Sketchpad’s ruler now clearly shows what angle it’s turned. In addition to that, the new rounded protractor makes it easier to create circles. Windows 10 Creators Update Features: Wi-Fi Turns On Automatically & More A setting borrowed from Windows phones lets users tell their PCs when to turn on their Wi-Fi connection again. The built-in status area lets users know why they’re having network trouble. Windows 10 Creators Update Features: Virtual Reality Headsets Microsoft’s HoloLens accessory is a PC in itself. The company is teaming up with Dell, Acer and Asus to release VR headsets for $299. These headsets explain why Microsoft is also adding Windows Holographic into Windows 10 with the Windows 10 Creators Update. Read: Windows 10 Creators Update VR: What We Know Windows 10 Creators Update Features: Groove Music Maker Spotted only once during the Windows 10 Creators Update features video, Groove Music Maker should be a basic audio creator app. At least, it sounds very similar to the GarageBand utility that Apple has included on its notebooks and desktops for years. Windows 10 Creators Update Features: Blue Light Microsoft has added Blue Light adjustments into Windows 10. The feature lets the operating system adjust the amount of blue light the screen emits so that it’s not disruptive to resting patterns. Apple added a similar feature in a recent update to the iPhone and iPad. Windows 10 Creators Update Features: Paint 3D All good things must come to an end. It seems, that’s exactly what lovers of the classic Paint app are about to find out first hand. Microsoft confirmed a new Paint 3D app for the Windows 10 Creators Update that lets users scan and make objects in 3D. A web service lets users download the 3D creations of others and add them to what they’re making. Gotta Be Mobile will continue to add new features to this breakdown as Microsoft announces them. As with all previous Windows 10 upgrades that added new features, the Windows 10 Creators Update won’t cost users anything. It’ll be a free download. 2 Responses 01/17/2017 SwapK Reply This should be added to phones also 01/21/2017 glendora1954 Reply I disagree that: https://www.wired.com/2016/01/amazon-and-apple-want-to-improve-your-sleep-by-tweaking-screen-colors/ Sincerely, Glendora Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website What’s New in iOS 10.2.1 & iOS 10.2 01/23/2017 Samsung Galaxy Marshmallow Update Info (2017) 01/17/2017
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS फर्स्टपोस्ट हिंदी News & Analysis Reviews Startup Gaming Biztech Auto Videos TechFirstpost most commented Octa-core iberry Auxus Note 5.5 launched for Rs 13,999 By tech2 News Staff 62   Comments Go back Apple, we don’t need you and your diva act By R Swaminathan 16   Comments GoDaddy aims to get small businesses online with new marketing campaign for India By tech2 News Staff 12   Comments Low Pixel sales are yet another indicator of Google’s continuing struggle with hardware products By Nimish Sawant 5   Comments Huawei Honor 6X smartphone to be exclusively sold on Amazon India 1   Comments more from #Microsoft The Xbox One co-pilot mode preview is every parent's dream come true The 'Halo Wars 2' open beta is live right now on Windows 10; play for free until 30 January Microsoft may be looking at cutting 700 jobs by 26 January as part of previous announcement Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Satya Nadella unfazed by Trump’s warning to companies on having jobs in America for Americans #Microsoft 0   18 Jan 2017 , 09:59 President-elect Donald Trump’s stern warning to American companies for not doing enough to keep jobs in the US does not make Microsoft’s India-born CEO Satya Nadella nervous as he is confident about the tech giant’s role as a job creator. “We’re a US-based company that operates worldwide and our predominant employment is in the United States,” Nadella said on Trump pressing the business world to boost activities on American soil. “We’ve already created a tremendous amount of high-paying jobs in the US,” he told CNNTech at the DLD tech conference in Munich yesterday. Microsoft employs more than 113,000 people worldwide, more than 64,000 of whom are in the United States, mainly in Washington state, according to the company. In the wake of Trump’s win, companies are eager to play up the number of Americans they employ, the CNNTech said. Companies like Amazon have made public announcements about the jobs they expect to add, with messaging that seems to be in direct response to Trump’s win. Amazon recently announced that it plans to create more than 100,000 new full-time jobs in the US in the next 18 months, bringing its total workforce in the country to 280,000. However, Nadella is confident about Microsoft’s place as a job creator and said Trump’s ascent has not changed the roadmap much for Microsoft. “If anything, we’ll double down on what we’ve always done, which is be a US company that operates in the United States very responsibly, but also being a multinational company that contributes into every country that we work in.” Trump has primarily used his Twitter account to go after the automotive and aviation industries. So far, tech has mostly been spared. Last month, the US President-elect met with Nadella and top execs from Amazon, Tesla, Apple, Facebook and several other large tech companies in New York after months of clashing over creating more jobs and increasing investments in the US. PTI Tags: Amazon, Apple, Donald Trump, Microsoft, Satya Nadella, United States, US President Donald Trump Also read Microsoft joins the foldable display club; patents 2-in-1 tablet-smartphone combo device Microsoft to collaborate with Andhra Pradesh on e-governance and cyber security X Recommended For You Microsoft may be looking at cutting 700 jobs by 26 January as part of previous announcement App review: Microsoft Solitaire for iOS, a classic game that gets a fitting relaunch in the modern age Foldable phones are coming, but I don’t think we really need them Microsoft acquires 3D data optimisation company Simplygon for undisclosed amount Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance Rating : 5.5 / 10 iBall Compbook Excelance review: Cheap and built to match Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus EeeBook X205TA review: For students on a budget; but low storage and no USB 3.0 port are downers #Xiaomi Jan 24, 2017 This is Xiang Wang, the man who will replace Hugo Barra as CEO of Xiaomi #Nasa Jan 24, 2017 Nasa’s Cassini captures Saturn’s moon Daphnis creating ripples in the ring system #Partnered Jan 23, 2017 10 types of selfies Bollywood actors take #IIT Bombay Jan 24, 2017 IIT Bombay students develop autonomous submersible with potential military applications #Android Jan 24, 2017 Android instant apps are here for Buzzfeed, Periscope, Wish and Viki #Samsung Jan 24, 2017 Samsung partners with Imint for new video stabilisation technology SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Life Money Use Your Credit Card Bill As A Wake-Up Call To Evaluate Your Spending Call And Ask To Have The Interest Rate Reduced On Your Credit Cards If You Haven't Yet Ordered Valentine's Day Flowers, Now Is The Time What 'Buy For Quality' Purchases Do You Regret? Home Modify A Cheap Action Camera To Add Night Vision Dealhacker: UberEATS Can Deliver Free Ice To Your Door This Australia Day 10 Things To Consider Before Building A Granny Flat Clean Paint Brushes With The Right Solvents For The Paint You Use Entertainment Netflix Makes It Easy For Android Users To Save Movies To An SD Card The Best Google Play Music Tips And Tricks You May Not Know About This Video Is A Quick Primer On How To Read Sheet Music Australian Open 2017: Today's Schedule Travel These DIY Stacked Containers Keep Snacks Organised And Easy To Reach These Tips Help You Cram Three Child Seats Into Your Car Improve Your Travel Photos By Creating A Shot List Before You Go Use Warm Soapy Water To Force A Stubborn Bike Tyre Onto The Rim Health Lull Yourself To Sleep By Counting Backwards From 300 In Threes Why We're So Attached To Our Stuff Here Are All The Ways Your Body Changes As It Ages How To Pick The Right Veterinarian For Your Pet Design You Can Customise Your Chromecast's Background With More Than Stock Photos The Highway At Night Desktop ASUS Launches Raspberry Pi-Esque 'Tinker Board' With 4K Support This Mod Transforms Your iPhone 5s Chassis Into An iPhone 7 'Mini' Work Productivity Self Control, The Brute-Force Distraction Blocker, Lands On The iPhone The First Builds Of Lineage OS, CyanogenMod's Successor, Are Now Live Make Your Own Tool Roll With Built-In Solar Charging Top 10 Free Alternatives To Expensive Software Communicate Writefull Analyses The Context Of Phrases You Use To Improve Your Writing Google Voice Gets Group Texts, MMS And A New Look After Years Of Stagnation An Inside Look At Samsung's Explosive Galaxy Note7 Batteries [Infographic] Samsung Explains Why The Note7 Kept Exploding Organise Briefly: PS4 Download Hack, Aussie Gin, Baywatch Is Back Deals: Charge Your Devices The Easy Way With This Reversible Micro USB Cable Briefly: Dashcam Disasters, EB Games Sale, 2017's Best Movies This Week's Top Downloads Career 7 Body Language Mistakes To Avoid During Your Next Job Interview [Infographic] Three Ways To Make Sure You Pick A Good Tailor Showing Off Your Sense Of Humour At Work Can Make You Seem More Competent Why You Should Recognise Luck's Role In Your Success Or Failure Business Travel Dealhacker: Get A 500ml Tub Of Messina Ice Cream Delivered For $1 Australia To Replace Passports With Biometric Tech How To Use Your Chromecast In A Hotel Room 11 Flight Booking Hacks Every Traveller Should Know Security Ask LH: How Can I Get Rid Of All This Spam? RansomFree Proactively Protects Your Computer Against Ransomware Attacks Build Your Own Smartphone-Connected Door Lock With A Raspberry Pi Thinking Cap: Podcasts, Articles And Clips To Make You Smarter Small Business & Startups Interns Could Be A Gateway For Your Small Business To Find New Talent Elevator Pitch: HealthEngine You Don't Need To Appeal To Everyone As Long As You Find Your Niche What To Avoid When Choosing A Name For Your Small Business IT Pro Cloud Australian Scientists Can Predict The Future Of Quantum Systems Why We Should Save Adobe Flash Get A Discount For Google Drive With A New Yearly Subscription Cisco Kills Its $1 Billion Cloud IT Career Why It's Still Okay To Include An Objective Statement On Your Resume Killer Interview Question: How Did You Prepare For This Interview? What Employees Value More Than Salary, According To Glassdoor These Scripts Help You Start And Nail A Salary Negotiation Talk With Your Boss IT Security The Most Important iOS and macOS Security Bugs Apple Patched Today 4 Computer Security Threats You Might Not Be Protecting Against Deals: Pay What You Want To Become A Hacker Should You Be Worried About Meitu App Security And Privacy Fears? Developer Five Tools For Beginners That Power Up The Command Line Microsoft Releases 3D Debugging Tool For DirectX 12 Deals: Get A Complete Coding Education With This Training Bundle Wire A Raspberry Pi Zero Directly Into A Power Supply For A Low-Profile Computer Deployment 10 Most Popular Enterprise Apps In Australia Here Are The PC Parts That Are Fine To Buy Used (And Parts You Should Buy Brand New) Even With A GTX 1060, Is Intel's Quad-Core Q6600 Good Enough? Windows 10 Will Soon Be Able To Help You Free Up Disk Space Automatically Servers Oracle Is Starting To Fine Customers Who Thought They Were Using Free Java Software Server Down: What Caused The ATO System Crash? ATO Website Crash: One Petabyte Of Data Lost Make A Virtual Drive Using Your Video Card's RAM Toggle navigation Life Money Home Entertainment Travel Health Design Work Productivity Communicate Organise Career Business Travel Security Small Business & Startups IT Pro Cloud IT Career IT Security Developer Deployment Servers Ask LH: How Can I Get Rid Of All This Spam? Australian Open 2017: Today's Schedule 10 Most Popular Enterprise Apps In Australia What To Avoid When Choosing A Name For Your Small Business 5 Must-Have Apps To Give Your Phone Extra Superpowers David Nield Jan 18, 2017, 3:30pm ⋅ Filed to:  android apps Australian Stories ios iphone smartphones Share If you're wanting to go beyond the basic stuff everyone does with their phone - either by extending its capabilities or by taking more control over what it already does - we've got just the collection of tools for you. These automators, taskers and shortcut makers can quickly hack Android or iOS to do your mobile bidding. Tasker What it is: Tasker ($3.49, Android) is perhaps the best known automation app for Google's mobile OS. It lets you manipulate alerts, apps, notifications, dialog boxes, phone settings, inputs, outputs, and more to take charge of your device. All of that complexity means it can be daunting for beginners, but it's undoubtedly worth investing some time and effort to learn the ropes. At its heart, Tasker lets you link inputs (events, times, sensors) with outputs (alerts, app actions, settings changes). It gives you precise and automatic control over almost every part of your Android phone. Further adding to its appeal is the strong user community behind the app and the multitude of plugins and add-ons available for it that you can also use. What you can do: For the Tasker newcomer, it's maybe easier to get a grasp of what the app can do than understand exactly what it is. For example, you can launch a particular app at a certain time, turn off Wi-Fi when the screen dims, put your phone on silent as soon as you enter a specific area, protect certain apps with a passcode, or change the device wallpaper on a timer. The app can also take photos if a wrong password is entered, change the ringtone volume based on who's calling, autoplay your WhatsApp messages, set up reminders for missed notifications, change the display brightness over the course of the day and much more. It's even possible to wrap these Tasker events up as separate mobile apps and use them right way. Workflow What it is: Install Workflow ($4.49, iOS) on your iPhone, and you get access to a suite of tools for greasing the wheels between the apps you use most often. At one end is an action or input, and at the other end is a resulting output, and actions can be combined to create workflows. It's like a long series of APIs (Application Programming Interfaces) that allow apps to talk to each other in ways they otherwise wouldn't. Finished workflows can be saved as shortcuts on the home screen, kept inside apps, or used as share extensions in iOS, so there's a lot of flexibility when it comes to deciding how you want your finished outputs to be applied. What you can do: Again, examples are perhaps the best way of understanding what Workflow is all about. The app lets you quickly delete screenshots from the camera roll, open the Spotify track for a particular YouTube video, get an Uber ride to the next location on your calendar, open links in Chrome and send web pages to a Kindle, to name a few examples. You can see how these workflows take data or a particular input from one place and pipe it into another — the latest app update lets you activate some workflows from the Notification Center and sync events between multiple devices. If there's any kind of automatic link between two iOS apps that you want to set up, chances are Workflow has an option that can help. IFTTT/Do What it is: IFTTT (If This Then That) is the most accessible option in this list — if you're looking for the most impressive results with the least effort then IFTTT is the one you're looking for. IFTTT's custom-made 'recipes' combine both a trigger and an action, and a whole host of apps and services are supported as channels, including a number of key Android and iOS integrations. The main IFTTT app is called IF (free, Android/iOS) and acts as a kind of stripped-down version of the full web app. Alongside that there are the DO apps: DO Button (free, Android/iOS), DO Note (free, Android/iOS) and DO Camera (free, Android/iOS), which are even simpler and let you associate basic actions on your mobile with automatic tasks on other channels. What you can do: IFTTT has hooks in many popular apps and services — save your Instagram favourites to Dropbox, update Facebook via SMS, get weather alerts via tweets, and so on. As far as Android and iOS are concerned, supported channels cover SMS, the phone app, photos, location, battery status, contacts and reminders, so you can incorporate them in your recipes. The DO apps basically let you set up shortcuts on mobile: you might create a Button to set your Nest thermostat, or log your location in a Google Drive document, or turn off your Philips Hue lights, for example. The Camera and Note versions let you quickly send pictures or text to popular apps and services (the likes of Facebook, Evernote, Slack, LinkedIn and many others). Automate What it is: Automate (freemium, Android) gives you the power to automatically trigger all kinds of events on your phone, from changing device settings to sending out texts or emails. It takes a user-friendly-ish flowchart approach to give you an overview of how your automated tasks are coming together, although it does take some time to get to grips with the app. There are hundreds of actions, conditions, triggers and loops to make use of, covering most of the settings, buttons, sensors and apps on your phone (some of these install as extra apps). If you're just getting started with the app, there are plenty of user-submitted tasks available through the Automate community website, giving you an idea of what the app can do. What you can do: Essentially, combine all kinds of input triggers with all kinds of resulting actions: turn off wifi to save battery after a minute of no connectivity, set your phone to vibrate during evening hours, link the media volume to the ringer volume, or launch Spotify when headphones are plugged in to name four examples from the Automate user community. Other tasks we've seen done with Automate include automatically erasing temporary cached files at regular points in the day, turning up the brightness when a call comes in, reading out text messages, putting a simple countdown in a notification, turning on Bluetooth when driving, fading out music after a specified length of time and sharing your location with others. Launch Center Pro What it is: Describing itself as "speed dial for everyday tasks", Launch Center Pro ($7.99, iOS) enables you to set up shortcuts that can be opened from the home screen or the Notification Center — not just shortcuts to apps but shortcuts to specific functions within those apps. The likes of Evernote, Dropbox, Google Maps, Instagram, Tweetbot and many more are supported. The app also ties in neatly with native iOS features, including contacts, bookmarks, and search, so it's possible to set up all kinds of customised links to specific tasks on your phone. In some ways it's a variation on the 3D Touch feature Apple has now introduced with the latest iPhones, only you can specify the shortcuts and actions yourself and launch them with a tap. What you can do: Hundreds of apps (including some of Apple's own) support the special URL calls that Launch Center Pro deals in. The app lets you create shortcuts for phoning specific people, scanning barcodes, searching Yelp for a certain type of place, translating phrases with a tap, archiving your tweets to a file in Dropbox, running certain queries on Wikipedia, and so forth. Launch Center Pro also supports location triggers (to automatically tie any of these actions to a certain place) and customised notifications (to link personalised alerts to them, too). You can even code your own action URLs manually, and the app also works well with the aforementioned IFTTT. Header image: Lenka Horavova/Shutterstock.com This story originally appeared on Gizmodo. Comments justanormaluser Guest Jan 18, 2017, 9:54pm And what about a list of apps for phones that run on Windows? Why oh why do journos ignore this platform so blatantly. This article is yet another example of a deliberate and unfortunate exclusion policy of a great phone platform. Reply -1 nicnivian @nicnivian Jan 19, 2017, 9:45am An exclusion policy? From basic Google research, WIndows OS has (now) less than 1% market share... You excluded your self! Reply 2 myreply @myreply Jan 19, 2017, 12:47pm A great phone platform... That hardly anyone uses... Why would they spend their time investigating and writing articles about something with 1% market share Reply 0 logic_and_reason @logic_and_reason Jan 19, 2017, 12:13am I recommend Pythonista for iOS and it plays well with Workflow too. Reply 0 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now Top 10 Free Alternatives To Expensive Software Alan Henry 23 Jan 2017 12:15 PM Unless you have a company buying licenses for you, tools like Photoshop, Pro Tools, Maya, or even Windows can be a serious bite out of your wallet. Here are some more affordable options to those normally pricey apps that will help you stop fretting and get more done. The Best Google Play Music Tips And Tricks You May Not Know About Eric Ravenscraft 25 Jan 2017 7:00 AM Google Play Music is an underrated music service that combines a Spotify-like subscription with Pandora-style radio stations and your own music library. Even if you've used it from day one, here are some excellent features you might have overlooked. Want Lifehacker's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Subscribe to the #staticpodcast Static Podcast: The Best Of Season Four Lifehacker's Static Podcast: The Interviews Lifehacker's Static Podcast: Is It Legal To Carry A Knife? Lifehacker's Static Podcast: How To Become The Citizen Of A Space Nation Trending Articles 1 Top 10 Free Alternatives To Expensive Software 2 The Best Google Play Music Tips And Tricks You May Not Know About 3 10 Things To Consider Before Building A Granny Flat 4 7 Body Language Mistakes To Avoid During Your Next Job Interview [Infographic] 5 Dealhacker: UberEATS Can Deliver Free Ice To Your Door This Australia Day Director Rian Johnson Had To Wait Until This Morning To Complete The Last Jedi's Opening Crawl Good Morning, Here's John Wick As Michael Jackson The Godzilla Sequel Has Found Its Director Watch How Fossils Get Cleaned And Prepared While You Were Sleeping Talk Amongst Yourselves Overwatch's Lunar New Year Event Is Now Live, Here's What's In It Samsung's Galaxy S8 Won't Appear Until March Interns Could Be A Gateway For Your Small Business To Find New Talent Netflix Makes It Easy For Android Users To Save Movies To An SD Card Dealhacker: UberEATS Can Deliver Free Ice To Your Door This Australia Day The Best Google Play Music Tips And Tricks You May Not Know About Trump claims the Keystone XL pipeline will create 7 times more construction jobs than it actually will Netflix is rebooting 'Queer Eye for the Straight Guy' to give red states a makeover 10 things you need to know before markets open in Australia and Asia Crackle boss argues there's no such thing as too much TV © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Lifehacker International × Log in to Lifehacker Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Lifehacker User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Lifehacker International Lifehacker US Lifehacker Japan Close
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS फर्स्टपोस्ट हिंदी News & Analysis Reviews Startup Gaming Biztech Auto Videos TechFirstpost most commented Octa-core iberry Auxus Note 5.5 launched for Rs 13,999 By tech2 News Staff 62   Comments Go back Apple, we don’t need you and your diva act By R Swaminathan 16   Comments GoDaddy aims to get small businesses online with new marketing campaign for India By tech2 News Staff 12   Comments Low Pixel sales are yet another indicator of Google’s continuing struggle with hardware products By Nimish Sawant 5   Comments Huawei Honor 6X smartphone to be exclusively sold on Amazon India 1   Comments more from #Microsoft The Xbox One co-pilot mode preview is every parent's dream come true The 'Halo Wars 2' open beta is live right now on Windows 10; play for free until 30 January Microsoft may be looking at cutting 700 jobs by 26 January as part of previous announcement Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Satya Nadella unfazed by Trump’s warning to companies on having jobs in America for Americans #Microsoft 0   18 Jan 2017 , 09:59 President-elect Donald Trump’s stern warning to American companies for not doing enough to keep jobs in the US does not make Microsoft’s India-born CEO Satya Nadella nervous as he is confident about the tech giant’s role as a job creator. “We’re a US-based company that operates worldwide and our predominant employment is in the United States,” Nadella said on Trump pressing the business world to boost activities on American soil. “We’ve already created a tremendous amount of high-paying jobs in the US,” he told CNNTech at the DLD tech conference in Munich yesterday. Microsoft employs more than 113,000 people worldwide, more than 64,000 of whom are in the United States, mainly in Washington state, according to the company. In the wake of Trump’s win, companies are eager to play up the number of Americans they employ, the CNNTech said. Companies like Amazon have made public announcements about the jobs they expect to add, with messaging that seems to be in direct response to Trump’s win. Amazon recently announced that it plans to create more than 100,000 new full-time jobs in the US in the next 18 months, bringing its total workforce in the country to 280,000. However, Nadella is confident about Microsoft’s place as a job creator and said Trump’s ascent has not changed the roadmap much for Microsoft. “If anything, we’ll double down on what we’ve always done, which is be a US company that operates in the United States very responsibly, but also being a multinational company that contributes into every country that we work in.” Trump has primarily used his Twitter account to go after the automotive and aviation industries. So far, tech has mostly been spared. Last month, the US President-elect met with Nadella and top execs from Amazon, Tesla, Apple, Facebook and several other large tech companies in New York after months of clashing over creating more jobs and increasing investments in the US. PTI Tags: Amazon, Apple, Donald Trump, Microsoft, Satya Nadella, United States, US President Donald Trump Also read Microsoft joins the foldable display club; patents 2-in-1 tablet-smartphone combo device Microsoft to collaborate with Andhra Pradesh on e-governance and cyber security X Recommended For You Microsoft may be looking at cutting 700 jobs by 26 January as part of previous announcement App review: Microsoft Solitaire for iOS, a classic game that gets a fitting relaunch in the modern age Foldable phones are coming, but I don’t think we really need them Microsoft acquires 3D data optimisation company Simplygon for undisclosed amount Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance Rating : 5.5 / 10 iBall Compbook Excelance review: Cheap and built to match Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus EeeBook X205TA review: For students on a budget; but low storage and no USB 3.0 port are downers #Xiaomi Jan 24, 2017 This is Xiang Wang, the man who will replace Hugo Barra as CEO of Xiaomi #Nasa Jan 24, 2017 Nasa’s Cassini captures Saturn’s moon Daphnis creating ripples in the ring system #Partnered Jan 23, 2017 10 types of selfies Bollywood actors take #IIT Bombay Jan 24, 2017 IIT Bombay students develop autonomous submersible with potential military applications #Android Jan 24, 2017 Android instant apps are here for Buzzfeed, Periscope, Wish and Viki #Samsung Jan 24, 2017 Samsung partners with Imint for new video stabilisation technology SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS फर्स्टपोस्ट हिंदी News & Analysis Reviews Startup Gaming Biztech Auto Videos TechFirstpost most commented Octa-core iberry Auxus Note 5.5 launched for Rs 13,999 By tech2 News Staff 62   Comments Go back Apple, we don’t need you and your diva act By R Swaminathan 16   Comments GoDaddy aims to get small businesses online with new marketing campaign for India By tech2 News Staff 12   Comments Low Pixel sales are yet another indicator of Google’s continuing struggle with hardware products By Nimish Sawant 5   Comments Huawei Honor 6X smartphone to be exclusively sold on Amazon India 1   Comments more from #Microsoft The Xbox One co-pilot mode preview is every parent's dream come true The 'Halo Wars 2' open beta is live right now on Windows 10; play for free until 30 January Microsoft may be looking at cutting 700 jobs by 26 January as part of previous announcement Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Satya Nadella unfazed by Trump’s warning to companies on having jobs in America for Americans #Microsoft 0   18 Jan 2017 , 09:59 President-elect Donald Trump’s stern warning to American companies for not doing enough to keep jobs in the US does not make Microsoft’s India-born CEO Satya Nadella nervous as he is confident about the tech giant’s role as a job creator. “We’re a US-based company that operates worldwide and our predominant employment is in the United States,” Nadella said on Trump pressing the business world to boost activities on American soil. “We’ve already created a tremendous amount of high-paying jobs in the US,” he told CNNTech at the DLD tech conference in Munich yesterday. Microsoft employs more than 113,000 people worldwide, more than 64,000 of whom are in the United States, mainly in Washington state, according to the company. In the wake of Trump’s win, companies are eager to play up the number of Americans they employ, the CNNTech said. Companies like Amazon have made public announcements about the jobs they expect to add, with messaging that seems to be in direct response to Trump’s win. Amazon recently announced that it plans to create more than 100,000 new full-time jobs in the US in the next 18 months, bringing its total workforce in the country to 280,000. However, Nadella is confident about Microsoft’s place as a job creator and said Trump’s ascent has not changed the roadmap much for Microsoft. “If anything, we’ll double down on what we’ve always done, which is be a US company that operates in the United States very responsibly, but also being a multinational company that contributes into every country that we work in.” Trump has primarily used his Twitter account to go after the automotive and aviation industries. So far, tech has mostly been spared. Last month, the US President-elect met with Nadella and top execs from Amazon, Tesla, Apple, Facebook and several other large tech companies in New York after months of clashing over creating more jobs and increasing investments in the US. PTI Tags: Amazon, Apple, Donald Trump, Microsoft, Satya Nadella, United States, US President Donald Trump Also read Microsoft joins the foldable display club; patents 2-in-1 tablet-smartphone combo device Microsoft to collaborate with Andhra Pradesh on e-governance and cyber security X Recommended For You Microsoft may be looking at cutting 700 jobs by 26 January as part of previous announcement App review: Microsoft Solitaire for iOS, a classic game that gets a fitting relaunch in the modern age Foldable phones are coming, but I don’t think we really need them Microsoft acquires 3D data optimisation company Simplygon for undisclosed amount Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance Rating : 5.5 / 10 iBall Compbook Excelance review: Cheap and built to match Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus EeeBook X205TA review: For students on a budget; but low storage and no USB 3.0 port are downers #Xiaomi Jan 24, 2017 This is Xiang Wang, the man who will replace Hugo Barra as CEO of Xiaomi #Nasa Jan 24, 2017 Nasa’s Cassini captures Saturn’s moon Daphnis creating ripples in the ring system #Partnered Jan 23, 2017 10 types of selfies Bollywood actors take #IIT Bombay Jan 24, 2017 IIT Bombay students develop autonomous submersible with potential military applications #Android Jan 24, 2017 Android instant apps are here for Buzzfeed, Periscope, Wish and Viki #Samsung Jan 24, 2017 Samsung partners with Imint for new video stabilisation technology SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Photos Video Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Classifieds Subscribe Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Business Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Here’s why your cell phone might cost more than it should By Josh Kosman View author archive email the author follow on twitter Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) January 17, 2017 | 11:09pm | Updated January 17, 2017 | 11:09pm Modal Trigger Shutterstock More On: ftc Uber to pay $20M for claims it lied about drivers' pay Martin Shkreli's complaint leads to FTC drug price settlement Sherwin-Williams chief holding out for Trump in Valspar deal FTC review to delay Cabela's-Bass Pro merger Your cell phone may have cost more than it should have. President Obama’s regulators, in their last days, have taken one of their boldest actions — suing dominant cell phone chip maker Qualcomm for being a monopoly. The company used its monopoly position to strongarm phone makers to use their chips exclusively — locking out lower-cost rivals and driving up the price of phones, the Federal Trade Commission charged in a civil suit on Tuesday. “Qualcomm’s unlawful maintenance of a monopoly in baseband processors [modems within handsets that connect phones to cellular networks] … raises prices paid by consumers for cell phones and tablets,” the FTC said. The suit, filed in federal court in San Jose, Calif., could cost Qualcomm billions in damages, a source close to the situation told The Post. The chips Qualcomm makes are among the most expensive components in phones. “Cellular phone makers likely pass some portion of these higher prices on to consumers in the form of higher handset prices or reduced handset features,” the FTC alleges. Qualcomm has consistently refused to license its cellular standard essential chips to its competitors, the FTC, under Democratic Chairwoman Edith Ramirez, said. The FTC vote was 2-to-1. The soon-to-be interim FTC Commissioner Maureen Ohlhausen dissented, saying the suit filed “on the eve of a new presidential administration” will undermine US intellectual property rights in Asia and worldwide. Still, the suit will now take on a life of its own, as it is in front of a judge and cannot easily be reversed, a DC source following the situation said. Qualcomm’s share price fell 4 percent, to $64.19, after word of the suit leaked before markets closed. The San Diego company disputes the charges. “The complaint seeks to advance the interests and bargaining power of companies that have generated billions in profit from sales of products made possible by the fundamental 3G and 4G cellular technology developed by innovators like Qualcomm,” a spokesman said. In one instance, Qualcomm pressured Apple into a deal that made it the exclusive processor for iPhones and iPads, the FTC claims. Apple sourced processors exclusively from Qualcomm for all new iPad and iPhone products launched from October 2011 until September 2016, the FTC said. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under cell phones ,  ftc ,  lawsuits ,  obama administration ,  telecom Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Silicon Valley fears FCC overhaul with Trump pulling strin... Read Next Silicon Valley fears FCC overhaul with Trump pulling strin... Share Selection Trending Now on NYPost.com 60,702 Erin Andrews reveals cancer diagnosis 40,072 Conway gets Secret Service protection due to death threats 38,918 Eric Garner's widow to stay in public housing despite $2M settlement Now On WorldStarHipHop founder dies at 43 ‘Dog’s Purpose’ on-set trainers deny animal abuse Amy Smart thanks surrogate for her baby girl SEE ALL Video 1:06 Car thief's reckless joyride ends up in a river More Stories pagesix Chelsea Handler says Melania Trump 'can barely speak English' Now On Decider Top 10 Sexiest, Dirtiest & Steamiest Movies On Netflix Right Now nypost Erin Andrews reveals cancer diagnosis New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly NY Post Never Miss a Story Get The Post delivered directly to your inbox NY Post Morning Report Page Six Daily Breaking News Special Offers Email Sign Up By clicking above you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. X Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
International Business Times UK UK LATEST NEWS Crime Property Culture Royalty World Latest News USA Europe Asia Africa Middle East The Americas Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Politics LATEST NEWS Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket F1 UFC Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music WWE Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Analysis Reviews Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Pictures LATEST NEWS Conflict Travel Arts Science Animal & Wildlife Photography Competition Log out Newsletter Signup Search Business Deliveroo plans to hire 300 engineers in London The new staff will be employed across software engineering, behavioural economics and algorithm development. By Kedar Grandhi January 18, 2017 03:54 GMT The new Deliveroo hires will work on the technology aspect of the company such as its app and logistics systemsReuters Deliveroo has announced plans to add 300 UK jobs. The British food delivery company added that it hoped to hire these new workers as soon as possible. The new staff would join its software and hardware engineering teams at its new London headquarters in Canon Street. The move is said to increase its tech team from the current 125 to 425 people. Deliveroo, which operates in 12 countries and currently has more than 1,000 employees worldwide, said the new staff would be employed in areas such as software engineering, behavioural economics and algorithm development. They would work on the technology aspect of the company such as its app and logistics systems. The new development comes alongside Deliveroo announcing a 650% on-year increase in its worldwide orders in 2016. The company that has raised $474.6m (£384.55m) since being founded in 2013, however, declined to reveal its latest revenue figures. Commenting on the latest move, Deliveroo CEO Will Shu was cited by the Financial Times as saying, "London is where I founded this company and it's from our headquarters here that we export our British-born technology around the world...That's why we're now on the lookout for more than 300 people to join our engineering team." "When so many of the success stories in the on-demand economy have been grown from America, I am particularly proud to be doing this here in Britain." This news is a boost to the technology scene in the UK capital and acts as a vote of confidence in the economy after the Brexit vote. However, this is not the first company to announce technology hires since the UK's decision to leave the European Union (EU). It follows similar commitments from American tech giants Apple, Google and Facebook to expand in the UK. While Facebook had in November 2016 announced plans to hire 500 more tech employees in its new London headquarters, which will open in 2017, Google CEO Sundar Pichai had also confirmed similar plans. He had said that the search engine firm will build a new 650,000sq ft office in the UK, which it was said could create about 3,000 jobs by 2020. More from IBTimes UK Deliveroo customer accounts hacked and charged hundreds of pounds for takeaway they did not order Deliveroo faces union challenge over riders' rights Theresa May's Brexit speech: What has the business world made of it? Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Theresa May loses Article 50 ruling and must let MPs vote on Brexit Columnists Laura Bates “Trump and his white, male billionaires don't like women having all this freedom READ MORE IBT Media to host AI and Data Science in Capital Markets event The Artificial Intelligence and Data Science in Capital Markets event... BT shares plunge as Italian accounting scandal hits £530m The telecoms giant says its probe into its Italian scandal is more... HSBC ends branch closure plan - but shuts another 62 branches HSBC signals end to its UK branch closure programme in tandem with... FTSE Moves: Shares struggle for direction after Supreme Court rules against government over Brexit BT stock plunges more than 18% after it warns an accounting scandal... Meet Chase Carey: The new man in the driving seat of Formula 1 Bernie Ecclestone has been ousted leaving Chase Carey as one of the... FX Focus: Pound declines despite Supreme Court Brexit ruling Supreme Court rules Theresa May will have to consult Parliament... Farewell, Fedora Guy: Demo supremo Bryan Roper axed in latest round of Microsoft job cuts Charismatic demo lead confirms he was 'impacted by layoffs' on... An industrial strategy that fights climate change would fix our broken economy We should wean ourselves off an over-reliance on finance and build up... Jeremy Corbyn, Paul Nuttall and MPs react to Supreme Court's Brexit judgement Labour leader confirms he will seek to amend an Article 50 Bill in... Revision to UK public finances data puts Hammond on track to hit deficit goal Public borrowing falls less than expected in December but remains 14%... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. U.S. + International Business Wilbur Ross pledges not to intimidate climate scientists World Access Companies Car News Interactives Transition of Power CNNMoney Sport Player ROI Who is..? The Feed CNNMoney Investigates American Opportunity 5 Stunning Stats Growing India Markets Wilbur Ross pledges not to intimidate climate scientists Investing Economy Buzz Fed Focus ETF Center Premarkets Market Movers Dow 30 After-Hours World Markets America's Debt & the Economy Before the Bell New Investor Investing Guide Fear & Greed Tech Microsoft unveils new, nicer chat bot Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Powering Your World Agility in Action Upstarts Innovative Cities Unhackable 15 Questions Media Personal Finance Most Americans are dead wrong about IRAs Save Spend Ahead Wheels Real Estate Careers Millennials & Money Your Money Homes Calculators Money Moves 24 Hours With Money Essentials My Watch List Loan Center Small Biz The company bringing Ford's original GT40 back to life Startups Empire Women Entrepreneurs Luxury GM paid $1.3 million to buy back its cool 1960s research car Style Away Rare Drive Wealth Rich Quiz The Collector A Gentleman's Guide Millionaire Calculator Log In Log Out Transition of Power Trump Commerce pick Wilbur Ross keeping some of his empire by Matt Egan   @mattmegan5 January 18, 2017: 8:39 AM ET Wilbur Ross in 75 seconds Wilbur Ross has agreed to sell some -- but not all -- of his sprawling web of assets should the billionaire be confirmed as Donald Trump's Commerce secretary. The famed investor has filed paperwork indicating he also plans to put off selling dozens of less-liquid assets, including various investment vehicles like hedge funds, for up to six months after his confirmation. Cabinet nominees like Ross are required to file an ethics agreement with federal officials to show how they will minimize actual or apparent conflicts of interest once they take office. These agreements typically call for divesting assets or putting them in a blind trust. Ross' agreement was complicated by the billionaire's lengthy investing career and an array of complex assets. Should he be confirmed as Commerce secretary after Wednesday's Senate hearing, Ross would be expected to help develop Trump's trade and economic plans. The agreement Ross filed with Commerce Department ethics officials on Sunday shows that the billionaire has agreed that if he is confirmed,he will step down from Invesco (IVZ), as well as its various subsidiaries. That includes stepping down as chairman and chief strategy officer of WL Ross & Co., the private-equity firm Ross founded in 1997. Related: Trump commerce pick once blasted 'China bashing' However, the agreement details nine investment vehicles that Ross plans to keep a financial interest in "solely as a passive investor." Ross said that the holdings of these vehicles are restricted to transoceanic shipping, mortgage lending and real estate financing. Ethics officials told Ross it's not necessary to divest these investments because there is only a "remote" chance he will need to participate in matters affecting them, the letter said. Ross said he will "remain vigilant in identifying" potential conflicts involving the assets he's holding onto. As required by federal law, Ross has agreed to recuse himself from all matters that he knows he or his family members have a direct financial interest in. Ross has received permission to hold onto 40 other assets for up to 180 days after his confirmation. That includes several hedge funds, investment partnerships and other assets that Ross said are "illiquid," meaning it may "take longer to divest them." Related: Billionaire Ross auditions before Congress By contrast, within 90 days of his confirmation Ross said he would divest various stocks and bonds, including shares in Apple (AAPL, Tech30), Boeing (BA) and Moody's (MCO) as well as debt issued by Wells Fargo (WFC) and infamous Wall Street firm Bear Stearns. The ethics agreement spelled out some outstanding payments due to Ross from his employers. For instance, Ross said before he takes the position of Commerce secretary he will receive a bonus payment covering the 2016 calendar year from Invesco. Ross has also asked WL Ross & Co. to stop using his last name if he is confirmed, although it may continue using his initials. CNNMoney (New York) First published January 17, 2017: 7:57 PM ET Social Surge - What's Trending Citi mortgage units fined $28.8 million First low-cost Asian airline cleared for flights to the U.S. China's first freight train to the U.K. arrives in London Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 Newsletter Sponsored by Key market news. In your inbox. Every morning. Start your day right with the latest news driving global markets, from major stock movers and key economic headlines to important events on the calendar. Daily newsletter, Sunday through Friday. Privacy Policy CNNMoney Sponsors Partner Offers Paid Partner NextAdvisor Paid Partner A jaw-dropping 40,000 point bonus has arrived 7 outrageous credit cards if you have excellent credit The best credit cards for 2017 10 cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The highest paying cash back card has arrived Contact Us Advertise with Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Tools Site Map Interactive Job Search Real Estate Search Loan Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Connect My Account Mobile Site & Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Google+ Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2016. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2016 and/or its affiliates. © 2016 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Trump Commerce pick Wilbur Ross keeping some of his empire Trump Commerce pick Wilbur Ross keeping some of his empire Posted on Tuesday, January 17, 2017 by CNN in Business News Wilbur Ross has agreed to sell some — but not all — of his sprawling web of assets should the billionaire be confirmed as Donald Trump’s Commerce secretary. The famed investor has filed paperwork indicating he also plans to put off selling dozens of less-liquid assets, including various investment vehicles like hedge funds, for up to six months after his confirmation. Cabinet nominees like Ross are required to file an ethics agreement with federal officials to show how they will minimize actual or apparent conflicts of interest once they take office. These agreements typically call for divesting assets or putting them in a blind trust. Ross’ agreement was complicated by the billionaire’s lengthy investing career and an array of complex assets. Should he be confirmed as Commerce secretary after Wednesday’s Senate hearing, Ross would be expected to help develop Trump’s trade and economic plans. The agreement Ross filed with Commerce Department ethics officials on Sunday shows that the billionaire has agreed that if he is confirmed,he will step down from Invesco, as well as its various subsidiaries. That includes stepping down as chairman and chief strategy officer of WL Ross & Co., the private-equity firm Ross founded in 1997. However, the agreement details nine investment vehicles that Ross plans to keep a financial interest in “solely as a passive investor.” Ross said that the holdings of these vehicles are restricted to transoceanic shipping, mortgage lending and real estate financing. Ethics officials told Ross it’s not necessary to divest these investments because there is only a “remote” chance he will need to participate in matters affecting them, the letter said. Ross said he will “remain vigilant in identifying” potential conflicts involving the assets he’s holding onto. As required by federal law, Ross has agreed to recuse himself from all matters that he knows he or his family members have a direct financial interest in. Ross has received permission to hold onto 40 other assets for up to 180 days after his confirmation. That includes several hedge funds, investment partnerships and other assets that Ross said are “illiquid,” meaning it may “take longer to divest them.” By contrast, within 90 days of his confirmation Ross said he would divest various stocks and bonds, including shares in Apple, Boeing and Moody’s as well as debt issued by Wells Fargo and infamous Wall Street firm Bear Stearns. The ethics agreement spelled out some outstanding payments due to Ross from his employers. For instance, Ross said before he takes the position of Commerce secretary he will receive a bonus payment covering the 2016 calendar year from Invesco. Ross has also asked WL Ross & Co. to stop using his last name if he is confirmed, although it may continue using his initials. Samsung heir faces possible arrest on corruption charges Jerry Seinfeld's 'Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee' is heading to Netflix Related Posts Conan O’Brien & Sylvester Stallone’s personal information exposed in Sony hack Sandy Supers Updated on Platt Road Noise Issue Brian Grazer and Ron Howard working on space series with Elon Musk India to surpass China in economic growth Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Robotics Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Biotech Neuroscience Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Geek Life & Style Viral Celebrities Features Tech Culture Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg Google Pixel Selling Well On Verizon: Report Shows Demand 'Exceeding Supply' 17 January 2017, 9:56 am EST By Maricris Francisco Tech Times Latest News And Scoops On SmartphoneNow Playing Google - Five Fascinating Facts About The Search GiantNow Playing The Google Pixel brand is doing really well in Verizon stores, according to a Wave7 Research report. Both Pixel phones are currently out of stock, and shipping will resume in March.  ( Google ) Advertisement Google may have slowly shifted attention off its Nexus brand of phones and launched the Pixel brand as a replacement in October 2016 much to the consternation of Android purists. But people quickly warmed up to the Pixel and Pixel XL. Both handsets are getting rave reviews and performing really well in Verizon stores. Verizon has exclusive rights to the Pixel, which means that other U.S. carriers are currently unable to sell it to their customers. Google Pixel Out Of Stock: Shipping To Resume In March Verizon has spent $25 million marketing the "Phones made by Google," and it appears to have worked since there is demand for the Pixel phones even at the tail end of the consumer holiday shopping. The phones are currently out of stock in Verizon stores, and shipment will resume sometime in March as stores replenish their stock. The lack of supply is a testament to the growing popularity of the brand despite its exclusivity to Verizon, something Google was not able to anticipate. After conducting research on 50 Verizon stores, Wave7 Research found that the Pixel accounted for 12.3 percent of the Verizon stores' smartphone sales during the first few weeks of December. By the end of the month, Pixel comprised 9.5 percent of the stores' total smartphone sales. Google Pixel And Pixel XL Features There is not a lot of difference between Google's two premium smartphones. Both have similar hardware structure; the only differences are the size, screen resolution, and battery life. The Pixel has a 5-inch, 1080p display, a 2,770 mAh battery, and a $649 price tag, while the Pixel XL sports a 5.5-inch QHD screen and a 3,450 mAh battery, which can be purchased for $769. Both phones run on a Snapdragon 821 processor, 4 GB of RAM, 32 / 128 GB of storage, and a 2.5D Corning Gorilla Glass 4 screen protector. The current supply bottleneck means that Google has finally achieved what it failed to do with its Nexus line, which is to appeal to more mainstream smartphone users. Aside from Verizon's marketing campaign, Samsung's fiasco over the Galaxy Note 7 and Apple's less-than-stellar performance with the iPhone 7 have made people weary of overhyped phones. For them, the Pixel was refreshing, and it served as a breath of fresh air. Google has not yet released the numbers on how its Pixel phones are currently performing, but it should do so once Alphabet, its parent company, provides a fiscal statement on Jan. 26. TAG Google Pixel, Google Pixel XL, Google Nexus, Verizon, Alphabet © 2016 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles Google Pixel Audio Problem Is A Hardware Issue, Not Software Google Pixel - MacBook File Transfer Issues Likely Stem From Old Android File Transfer Program Nexus 6P And Nexus 5X In-Car Bluetooth Issue On Android 7.1.1 Remains Unresolved For Months Verizon Spent $91 Million On TV Ads In December 2016, AT&T The Second Biggest Spender Nexus 6P And Nexus 6 Patch Fixes Modem Vulnerability From Our Sponsor How To Shop Smart: 5 Characteristics Of A Smart Shopper You may love shopping, you may be a bargain hunter....but are you a smart shopper? SPONSORED BY Packsize Advertisement Most Popular 1 Google Google Rolls Out Instant Apps Feature For Android: Download And Run Apps Without Installing Them 2 Gadgets Nintendo NES Classic Edition Now Available At Newegg, Select Target Stores, Chunk Toys And Amazon 3 Animals Irula Tribe Snake Hunters From India Help Catch Pythons In Florida Advertisement 4 Security Gmail Phishing: Why The Latest Scam May Be The Smartest Trick Out There 5 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Google Pixel Or Samsung Galaxy S7: Which Smartphone Is A Better Choice? 6 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) Heading To AT&T, Latest Leak Reveals 7 Apps/Software Lavabit, The Email Service Edward Snowden Used To Leak NSA Secrets, Has Been Revived 8 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Surface Pro 5: Here Are Upcoming Improvements You Didn't See In Surface Pro 4 9 Space Carrington-Like Solar Storm That Could Hit Earth Within Next Decade May Cost US More Than $40 Billion Daily EDITOR'S PICKS Watch Out For Gmail Phishing Scam, Tricks Users To Give Up Google Credentials Mars Missions Could Accelerate Under Trump Administration Google Pixel Or Samsung Galaxy S7: Which Smartphone Is A Better Choice? Skin Cancer Cream Reportedly Kills 5 Dogs Carrington-Like Solar Storm That Could Hit Earth Within Next Decade May Cost US More Than $40 Billion Daily Gmail Phishing: Why The Latest Scam May Be The Smartest Trick Out There GoPro Camera Snaps Up Mysterious Lights Near ISS Verizon Could Buy Comcast Valued At $173 Billion Calorie Restriction Diet Found To Extend Monkey Life By Years: Will It Work On Humans Too? Life & Style More Life & Style How Do Jade Eggs Work Exactly? Skin Cancer Cream Reportedly Kills 5 Dogs Caffeine May Be Key To Fighting Aging-Related Inflammation 5 Popular Food Choices Believed To Cause Cancer: Nutella, Microwave Popcorn, Hotdogs And More Milk Money: You Might Be Eligible For Cash Payout Under This Dairy Lawsuit Settlement Know Your Lemons: Campaign Explains What Breast Cancer Could Look Like With Lemon Images New Evidence In D. B. Cooper Case Points To Possible Connection Between Boeing And The Famed Hijacker People Who Frequently Swear Are Less Likely To Lie, Deceive: Study TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideos About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2016 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved.
