Toggle navigation ABOUT US CONTACT US AUTHORS search Home News Latest News Startups Social Mobile Gadgets Gaming Apps Autos All Topics Reviews Smartphones Wearable Tablets/Laptops/Ultrabooks Event CES E3 Google-I/O WWDC How To Videos E3 Companies search E3 News Here’s Why Sony Didn’t Announce PlayStation Neo at E3 2016 E3 2016: Mighty No.9 Releasing Next Week E3 2016: Mighty No.9 Releasing Next Week Hajime Tabata Answers Final Fantasy XV Related Questions at E3 2016 Hajime Tabata Answers Final Fantasy XV Related Questions at E3 2016 Nier: Automata Gets New Details at E3 2016 Nier: Automata Gets New Details at E3 2016 The Division: More Gear Sets on Their Way to E3 Previous Next Spotify Nearing IPO Amid Struggle with Music Labels; Is this the End? Spotify Nearing IPO Amid Struggle with Music Labels; Is this the End? Spotify is being pressurized by investors to go public while it struggles to secure major music labels for long contracts; the future looks grim for the music streaming giant By: Staff Writer on Aug 24, 2016 at 9:09 am EST Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Add to Flipboard Magazine. It is evident that the relationship between Spotify and Apple has become more strained since the launch of the latter’s music streaming service, Apple Music. Spotify – the current leader of the music streaming space – went as far as accusing the tech giant of anti-competitive behavior, claiming that it favors its own product at the expense of third-party rival offerings’ disadvantage. Now, it seems Spotify faces further trouble at the hands of Apple when it comes to signing deals with music labels and artists. As Spotify gears up for a possible initial public offering (IPO) next year, it lacks a major ingredient in its pitch to investors. According to a report by the Wall Street Journal, the music streaming service is struggling to secure the proprietors’ licensing for their content. The publication learned from its sources that the company is having some trouble obtaining rights for the music that its users would want to play in the future. Currently, Spotify is surviving on short extensions of its previous contracts with the three major music companies in the US. Spotify’s contract with Universal Music Group ended over a year ago, agreement with Warner Music Group earlier this year, and the deal with Sony Music a few months ago. However, this hasn’t had any major impact on the end user as of yet. Spotify still streams content from these three labels based on month-to-month contracts and they will probably not pull their content out of the service suddenly. What’s noteworthy here is the growing uncertainty of Spotify’s relationship with these labels. The company is now focused on negotiating new contracts with music labels that would make its business more appealing to investors. While Spotify is the biggest player in the game, it is not necessarily minting money. The company saw an increase in its net loss last year to nearly $200 million although revenue doubled to over $2 billion. Due to lack of income, Spotify wants to pay record labels and musicians a lower percentage of its revenues that it currently does – nearly 55%. It also pays 15% to songwriters and music publishers. However, according to people familiar with the matter, top-level music label execs want the company to pay 58% of its revenue generated from both the subscription-based paid tier and the ad-supported free tier. Apparently, that is the percentage that deep pocketed Apple pays for subscribers that are no longer on the free trial period; currently Apple Music reportedly has five million users in their free trial period. Meanwhile, executives believe that Spotify should toss in more money than it did five years ago. Other music label execs might let the company pay less only if it grants additional rights. The music streaming service currently has over 30 million paying subscribers with 70 million free users; some executives want only the paying customers to have access to certain content. Some want the company to put a cap on free usage in hopes to boost growth in paid subscriptions. If you think the music industry is giving Spotify enough tough time, its investors aren’t cutting it any slack either. The company is under growing pressure from investors to go public amid the clauses of its latest financing round; a group including hedge fund Dragoneer Investment Group, private equity firm TPG, and Goldman Sachs issued $1 billion investment as convertible debt. The debt is accompanied by an interest rate that would only increase the longer Spotify prolongs going public. Investors can avail 20% discount on the stock if they choose to convert debt into equity; the discount is set to increase the longer Spotify delays the IPO. Spotify should have spotted – all pun implied – the uncertainty of its relationship with the music industry when artists like Taylor Swift, Gwen Stefani, and Adele decided to part ways in the past. It has been struggling to land music from some of the most popular artists in the US for some time now. It took Coldplay’s “A Head Full of Dreams” single seven days to appear on the music streaming service following the release. Similarly, it took Adele’s “25” 217 days while fans still wait for Taylor Swift’s “1989” and Beyoncé’s “Lemonade.” Licensing disagreements fuel the shaky relationship between Spotify and the big music labels, which obtained minority stakes as part of initial licensing contracts. The music labels and investors have a common goal – to see Spotify succeed. Paid services bring in substantially more money per user than the ad-supported ones; something that Apple figured out before it even entered the space. In its relatively young age, Apple Music has already secured 15 million paying subscribers while Spotify’s subscription growth is slowing down. Labels and musicians have criticized the service for making its massive 40 million track catalog available to both paid and free users. Spotify has tested out several acts to please the labels such as releasing music on only the paid tier for short timespans but did not adopt such practices amid fears of alienating users who may turn to YouTube in search of user-uploaded unsanctioned versions of new songs. Some labels would like Spotify to set time limits for free music listening since many have grown accustomed to the ad-supported tier. Cowen & Co., a financial research services firm, claims that most free listeners start subscribing within the first six months. However, if Spotify doesn’t want to sabotage its free listening experience, it could devise other ways to make money. Since its launch in the US in 2011, it has been offering subscriptions at a flat $10 rate; raising this price would make sense but may even seem bizarre to pay say $15 for Spotify than $10 for the premium branded Apple service. Spotify appears to be stuck in a bit of a pickle while Apple Music crosses benchmarks in its userbase regularly. The latter had 15 million paid subscribers up till this summer. At the given rate, Apple Music will approach Spotify’s paid subscription numbers in a year tops. Meanwhile, the iPhone-maker is inking deals with some of the most popular artists and music labels for exclusive rights; such the case with Drake’s latest album as well as the upcoming Britney Spears “Glory” and Frank Ocean albums. Editing by Sidrah Riaz; Graphics by Waqas Khan Get the TNT App Staff Writer on Aug 24, 2016 at 9:09 am EST STAY CONNECTED FOLLOW TNT NOW @TNT_dotcom Share on Facebook Share on Twitter comments section Disqus Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Sign Up to Receive a daily dose of tech straight to your inbox (success) SUBMIT Enter Email Address TRENDING Gaming Grand Theft Auto is Take Two Interactive’s Prized Treasure Latest Android Pay: Uber Promotions, Chase Visa Additions, Mobile Web Payments Latest How to Stream and What to Expect from Apple iPhone Event Gaming Mafia 3 to be Supported by Three “Major” Expansions and Tons of Free Stuff Gaming Acer Predator 21X: Could the Dominion of Desktop PCs be Over? Gaming Pokemon Go: Poke Ball That Actually Works Terms And Conditions Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Contact Us Copyright © 2015 Tech News Today
X Welcome to Market Realist Thank you for registering. < Global ETF Analysis Global Equity ETFs , Exchanged Traded Funds , European Equity ETFs , Emerging Markets , Country ETFs Income ETF Analysis Real Estate Investment Trusts , Master Limited Partnerships , Fixed Income ETFs Sector Analysis Basic Materials , Consumer Discretionary , Consumer Staples , Energy and Power , Financials , Healthcare , Industrials , Real Estate , Tech, Media, and Telecom , Utilities Active Management Mutual Funds , Hedge Funds , Closed-end Funds About About Us search Home Research Research Coverage Global ETF Analysis Fixed Income ETFs Global Equity ETFs US Equity ETFs US Index ETFs Income ETF Analysis Master Limited Partnerships Real Estate Investment Trusts Commodity ETFs Sector Analysis Basic Materials Consumer Discretionary Consumer Staples Earnings Overview Energy and Power Financials Healthcare Industrials Real Estate Tech, Media, and Telecom Active Management Closed-End Funds Hedge Funds Mutual Funds Personal Finance Featured Themes Generic Pharma Research Type Expert Insights Earnings Highlights Post-Release Earnings Reports Pre-Release Earnings Reports Event-Driven Company Management Debt and Equity Issuance Dividend Announcements Geopolitical Issues Legal and Regulatory Issues Mergers & Acquisitions (M&A) Product Strategies Institutional Investor Activity Activist Investors Fund Flows Insider Trading Institutional Investor Holdings Investment Styles Growth Investing Opportunistic Investing Value Investing Investor Education Asset Allocation Asset Classes Investor Biases Products (Investment Vehicles) Market Indicators Company Key Performance Indicators Industry Indicators Macroeconomic Indicators Overviews Company Overviews Country Overview Industry Overview Personal Finance Tools Portfolio Manager Email alerts About Login Sign Up Inside E-Commerce Trends: The EBAY, AMZN, BABA, and JD Stories PART: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 Part 18 Inside E-Commerce Trends: The EBAY, AMZN, BABA, and JD Stories PART 18 OF 20 Will Amazon Launch an Echo-Only Music Streaming Service? By Adrian Stevens  | Aug 24, 2016 5:15 pm EST Amazon’s music streaming Amazon.com (AMZN) is preparing to launch a cheaper music streaming service for its Echo speakers, Recode has reported. Citing industry sources, the report stated that the subscription cost would be somewhere around $4 or $5 per month, which is about half the price of what Apple (AAPL) Music and Spotify charge. However, Amazon’s cheaper service will only be available on its Echo smart speakers, while Apple Music and Spotify function on a variety of devices. Amazon currently offers music services to its Prime members, but the service has limited music. Meanwhile, it has been working on another subscription service that would work on multiple devices for about $10 a month. The company is expected to launch both these services in September. Increased investments in the UK Amazon is increasing its investment in the UK (EWU) as the company is planning to open a new distribution center in Tilbury, England. The move is likely to create about 1,500 new jobs in 2017. This news came after the company announced a new fulfillment center in Doncaster, England, which is expected to create about 500 new jobs. These new distribution centers should support the expanded operations of the company. Earlier, Amazon expanded its fresh food delivery service in the UK because the adoption rate for fresh online groceries is rising. Amazon’s quick delivery, low prices, and enhanced offerings should also position it to garner a greater market share in the UK. Now let’s look at Amazon’s analyst recommendations. Consumer Discretionary Performance {"metrics":["Open"],"tickers":["XLP","AAPL","AMZN","EWU"],"ticker_names":["Consumer Staples Select Sect. SPDR (ETF)","Apple Inc.","Amazon.com, Inc.","iShares MSCI United Kingdom Index (ETF)"]} X Please select a profession that best describes you: Individual Investor Business Executive Wirehouse Financial Advisor RIA Institutional Investor For Market Realist updates, enter your email below Submit Thank you! Democratizing investment management Follow us on Twitter Like us on Facebook Grab our RSS Feed Contact us • About us • Terms • Privacy • © 2016 Market Realist, Inc. Quote data by Xignite Follow us on Twitter
Share 4 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2016-11-23 The Best Thanksgiving-Themed TV Episodes And Movies On Netflix, Hulu, And Amazon This Holiday Season Entertainment 2016-11-23 Emma Watson Passes ‘Harry Potter’ Baton To Eddie Redmayne As ‘Danish Girl’ Star Kicks Off ‘Fantastic Beasts’ Movies Entertainment 2016-11-23 Woman Crush Wednesday — Alicia Silverstone: From ‘Clueless’ Star To Nude Photos For PETA Entertainment 2016-11-22 Shannen Doherty Confirms ‘Heathers’ TV Land Role, Will Winona Ryder Join In? News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2016-11-23 Vanessa Marcotte Update: Investigators Receive New Tips In The Massachusetts Jogger Murder News 2016-11-23 Johnthony Walker: Tennessee School Bus Driver Asked Kids If They Were ‘Ready To Die’ Before Crash That Killed Five, Victim’s Mother Claims Opinion 2016-11-23 Fifth Harmony Follows In The Dixie Chicks’ Footsteps By Mixing Success And Politics [Opinion] News 2016-11-23 Two Airlines Hit With Pilot Strike: Lufthansa Cancels Almost 900 Flights While DHL And Amazon Shipments Could Be Delayed Over Black Friday Weekend Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Soccer 2016-11-23 Europa League Preview, Manchester United Vs. Feyenoord: Prediction, Starting Lineups, And Live Streaming Wrestling 2016-11-23 WWE News: Goldberg ‘Survivor Series’ Win Was All About Shocking The ‘Smart Marks’ Soccer 2016-11-23 Champions League Preview, Borussia Monchengladbach Vs. Manchester City: Live Stream, Prediction, Starting Lineups, And Betting Tips Sports 2016-11-23 NFL Picks Week 12: Thanksgiving Day Schedule Favors Dallas Cowboys, Pittsburgh Steelers Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Flyer Includes 16 Items Currently Available On Sale Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Trident Lakes: Subterranean Doomsday Prepper Village Being Built In Ector, Texas Lifestyle 2016-11-06 What’s Open On Veterans Day 2016 And Where Can Vets Get A Free Meal On Friday? Lifestyle 2016-11-05 When Does The Time Change? Daylight Saving Time Ends, But Not For Everyone Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2016-11-22 Turkey Safety: Guidelines To Dish Up A Fowl – Not Foul – Holiday Bird Health 2016-11-20 Prostate Cancer Second Opinions: Alternate Advice Might Not Force Treatment Change Health 2016-11-19 Microbes On ATM Keypads Come From Human Skin And Food, Study Says Health 2016-11-19 Zika No Longer A World Public Health Emergency, Claims WHO: Outraged, Brazil Says Chances Of Epidemic Still High Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2016-11-23 ‘Pokemon GO’ Ditto Sightings, Nearby Features Updates: Sightings Not Working Properly? Gaming 2016-11-23 ‘Watch Dogs 2’ DLC Will Not Follow ‘Assassin’s Creed’ Trend, Says Ubisoft Gaming 2016-11-23 ‘Pokemon Go’: Exact Release Date Of Generation Two, Starbucks-Pokemon Partnership Revealed? Gaming 2016-11-23 PS4 Pro Vs. PS4: Pros And Cons Of Upgrading To Sony’s New Gaming Console BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2016-11-23 Watch Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade Online, Mobile Apps, NBC TV: New Balloons, Floats, Celebrities Kick Off The Holiday Season On Turkey Day BuzzWorthy 2016-11-23 Repo Man Tows Elderly Couple’s Car, Then Pays It Off And Returns It [Video] BuzzWorthy 2016-11-22 Customers Are Angry About Starbucks’ Sneaky Price Hike BuzzWorthy 2016-11-22 Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Leaks Great Deals: Expanded Cyber Week Starts Early SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss iOS 10 Vs. Android 7 Nougat: See How Each OS Stacks Up Against The Other, Galaxy 7 Vs. iPhone 7 Comparison Mobile 4 0 0 August 24, 2016 iOS 10 Vs. Android 7 Nougat: See How Each OS Stacks Up Against The Other, Galaxy 7 Vs. iPhone 7 Comparison Kevin Carneglia iPhones and Androids seem to be locked in a never-ending battle of “anything you can do, I can do better.” Though Android is several years behind Apple in actual age, both companies’ operating systems (iOS 10 and Android Nougat) for mobile are relatively similar. However, Android has a reputation for allowing more flexibility inside its OS, while Apple is your best bet if you want a phone that’s reliable and secure. With that in mind, here’s how Android Nougat and Apple’s iOS 10 compare to one another. Multi-tasking As Business Insider will tell you, Android 7 (or Android N) lets you switch between your two most recent apps by double-tapping the recent apps button. Apple introduced multi-tasking to its iPad Pro models this year, but iPad Pros on iOS 10 aren’t necessarily as powerful at multitasking as their Droid counterparts. If you want shortcuts galore, Android N’s power flexibility is the way to go. Notifications The Verge mentions that notifications also gain more power thanks to Android Nougat. When you get a message of any kind, you’ll now be able to pull down on the bubble to write back without having to enter an app. Again, it’s Android’s openness and flexibility that allows for this. iOS 10 shows no signs of allowing users to quick reply without having to first open an app. Sorry, Siri. Pretty Neat! Tag an Apple Lover!???? DM Now selling Shoutouts ???????? DM Shoutout for Shoutout 15K+!!! ????????#iPhone6#iPhone6Plus#iPhone7#iPhone7Plus#iPhone#iPhone6s#iPhone6SPlus#Apple#AppleWatch#iWatch#PhotoOfTheDay#iPhoneSE#iphone5SE#SE#5SE#iPhone8#Tech#Technology#iPhone8s#iPhonePro #iPhone7Pro#iOS #iOS9#iOS10 Credit: @nicolay.t No Copyright Infringement Intended❌© @_iphone_8 FOLLOW???? @_iphone_se FOLLOW???? @color_curator FOLLOW???? @lights_illuminated FOLLOW???? A photo posted by iPhone 7 (@_iphone_7) on Aug 10, 2016 at 2:04pm PDT Quick Settings In Android 7, you’ll find that you can customize your quick settings, TechRadar notes. These are the handy little icons that appear when you swipe down the center of your home screen. iPhones have quick settings, too, but Apple dictates what goes where, and that can’t be changed. If you boot up a device on Android N, you’ll think your settings did yoga, they’re so flexible. Are you ready? So Soon..Big Surprise ???? Keep up with us the next few days. Follow us and invite your friends ↗↗ #freeiphone #iphone7 #iphone7s #iphone7splus #iphone7free #freeiphone6 #iphone6 #iphone6plus #winiphone6 #winiphone #iphone #iphoneus #iphoneuk #iphonefrance #workdwide #prize #awards #freebies A photo posted by iPhone 7 (@iphone7_freee) on Jul 12, 2016 at 3:29pm PDT Messaging Both iOS and Android are giving their messages a makeover as well, according to Trustedreviews. iOS 10 users will be able to use icons and animations in iMessages, while Team Nougat will get an all-new app that lets users book reservations and more right from the messaging system. This could possibly be done as an extension of the current system in place on Android and iOS, which hyperlinks, event dates, and times, and lets you add them to your calendar with a single tap. NEW VIDEO – iPhone 6s or Galaxy S7? – https://t.co/lzE1YRld9t RT! pic.twitter.com/8mvaPbvM8Z — Lewis (@UnboxTherapy) August 23, 2016 Battery Life Users of both companies have long been concerned about better battery life on their Android or Apple devices, and it seems Google and Apple are hearing those concerns. Nougat has a feature called Doze that will automatically put your phone into low-power mode if it senses it’s in your pocket, according to USA Today. Likewise, iPhones have had decent battery life for some time now, and Apple introduced a new option to turn off motion parallax in iOS 7. This option disables animations when moving between screens, possibly one of the most draining features. Yeezus approves this message. [Image Via Giphy.com] To Float Or Not To Float Make Use Of noted that Galaxy S7 devices possess the Floating Window feature. This shiny-but-useful improvement is like having Picture-In-Picture on your phone, letting one app “float” above all others. It can be useful if, for instance, you need to run numbers from a website while using your calculator and don’t want to look back and forth. iPhone 7’s do not currently possess any form of multi-tasking, but it’s possible we could see them in future models. A woman holds an iPhone 6S and uses the Instagram app. [Image Via Jirapong Manustrong/Shutterstock.com] Need A Lyft? Ask Siri! Despite not having multi-tasking, iOS 10 levels the playing field in other categories. Possibly anticipating Google’s book-a-reservation-from-your-messaging app, Apple has made Siri play nice with a number of apps. For instance, you can ask Siri to “get me a Lyft” when you need a ride or send money to someone using the SquareSpace app. No more worrying about forgetting your wallet! You can accomplish similar things through Apple’s Maps application as well. Tapping on a restaurant will open the option to book a reservation with OpenTable, for example. Google’s Answer To Siri By comparison, Google Now can book reservations and other similar appointments using the power of apps. This has been in place through many versions of Android, but keeps improving with each new generation. Google suggests apps depending on what you’re looking for and can even get a sense of what that is using just keywords. As an illustration, if you ask it for “best way to manage my music collection,” the mobile assistant might suggest Google Play and Amazon Music, and then give you direct links to download said applications. Crowd goers at Lollapalooza use their Galaxy S7 to record the stage. [Photo by Tasos Katopodis/Getty Images] Okay, Enough About Features! Which Is Faster? In a test done by Phone Arena, phones were assigned “points” to measure their fastness. The Galaxy S7 accumulated 145,143 points to the iPhone 6S Plus’ 58,664. Given that rumors are suggesting the iPhone 7 won’t be much faster than its predecessors, it’s safe to assume the Galaxy wins out for speed. However, the iPhone 7 is also said to be using a new processor, so only time can say for sure. [Photo by Ilya S. Savenok/Getty Images] Now Read This: Free Data Offer Prompts Vodafone Upgrades To 4G Devices Share 4 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Kevin Carneglia Tags: Android Nougat, Apple, Galaxy S7, ios 10 Comments LATEST HEADLINES Black Friday 2016: Skip The Madness And Grab These Amazing Online Deals—Amazon, Disney, And More Sherri Papini Update: Deadline Passes For Missing California Mom’s Ransom, Cameron Gamble Negotiator For New Reward Park Shin Hye: K-Drama Actress Of ‘Doctors’ Joins ‘Korea Food For The Hungry International’ Philanthropy Club After Donating 100 Million Won To Charity ‘Pizzagate’ Hits Voat Shortly After Being Banned On Reddit, Comet Ping Pong Nightmare Continues Europa League Preview, Manchester United Vs. Feyenoord: Prediction, Starting Lineups, And Live Streaming ‘RHOA’ Kandi Burruss’ Ex, Block, Says They And Riley Are One Happy Family WWE News: Goldberg ‘Survivor Series’ Win Was All About Shocking The ‘Smart Marks’ Watch Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade Online, Mobile Apps, NBC TV: New Balloons, Floats, Celebrities Kick Off The Holiday Season On Turkey Day Saturn’s Rings: NASA’s Cassini Spacecraft Preparing To Get A Never-Before-Seen Look What Major ‘TWD’ Character Should Die In The Walking Dead Season 7? [Poll] Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Queen Elizabeth And Prince Philip Celebrate 69 Years Of Marriage 21.4k 0 0 Vote Audit: Did Trump Win Fair Election Or A Rigged One? New Movement Seeks Data On Suspicious Vote Counts 17.6k 0 0 WWE News: Details On The Finish Of Brock Lesnar Vs. Goldberg Match – Who Knew? How Long Has It Been Planned? 4.6k 0 0 Brock Lesnar Vs. Goldberg Was A Disgrace, And So Was WWE Survivor Series [Opinion] 3.5k 0 0 ‘Sons Of Anarchy’ Spin-Off ‘Mayans MC’ Confirmed By FX, Charlie Hunnam And Ryan Hurst Set To Return? 3k 0 0 WWE News: Goldberg Set To Appear At The ‘Royal Rumble’ 2.9k 0 0 Presidential Election Popular Vote: Hillary Clinton On Course To Win 2.5 Million More Votes Than Donald Trump 2.8k 0 0 Recent Headlines WWE News: Goldberg ‘Survivor Series’ Win Was All About Shocking The ‘Smart Marks’ 0 0 0 ‘General Hospital’ Spoilers: Brenda’s Return To Port Charles Suggested By Cryptic Tweet? 0 0 0 Chris Brown & Rihanna Urged To Start Dating Again Amid Reconciliation Reports 2 0 0 The Best Thanksgiving-Themed TV Episodes And Movies On Netflix, Hulu, And Amazon This Holiday Season 0 0 0 Kanye West’s Stepmom Tells All: How His Childhood Affected The ‘Egomaniac’ 0 0 0 Chris Brown And Krista Santiago Dating? ‘Famous’ Singer Unveils New Art Project With Rumored Girlfriend On Instagram 0 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2016 The Inquisitr News.
0 0 Share with your friends Your Name Your Email Recipient Email Enter a Message I read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be something for you. The article is called iPhone 7 in pictures: Everything you need to know about the upcoming iPhone  and is located at  http://www.pc-tablet.co.in/apple-iphone-7-launch-price-release-date-iphone-picture/41888/. Captcha Submit Videos Tech Apps Telecom Science Business Social Auto Reviews How-To’s Featured Search 18 C India Thursday, November 24, 2016 About Team Advertise Contact Careers Privacy T&C Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. PC-Tablet Videos Tech Apps Telecom Science Business Social Auto Reviews How-To’s Featured iPhone 7 in pictures: Everything you need to know about the upcoming iPhone By Anand Narayanaswamy - 25/08/2016 Apple iPhone 7 is expected to release on September 7. According to rumors, the iPhone 7 will be equipped with a 4.7-inch IPS LED display and the Plus variant will flaunt a 5.5-inch display. As reported previously, Apple has shelved the release of Pro variant to next year to celebrate the 10th anniversary of iPhone in a grand style. The upcoming iPhone 7 will be available in 32GB default storage instead of 16GB. Moreover, Apple is expected to ditch the traditional 3.5mm headphone port to accommodate lightning port connector. You can also expect improvements to the camera including the addition of OIS. The iPhone 7 Plus will most probably offer a dual-camera lens with a slight bump. The new iPhone 7 will be infused with iOS 10, which was introduced in the recently held WWDC 2016. Apple iPhone 7 will ship with A10 processor, which will be faster than the currently available A9 processor. Moreover, the amount of heating will be less. iPhone 7 Plus will be equipped with a dual-camera mechanism, which will have the ability to capture excellent pictures. Apple iPhone 7 will be relatively thinner when compared to the currently available models. It will measure 6.0 to 6.5mm thickness. There are rumors that Apple will migrate to ceramic material instead of metal. Apple iPhone Plus 7 will have a slight camera bump. Moreover, you can expect 3GB RAM instead of 2GB based on the latest technological trends. Apple iPhone 7 will eliminate the traditional 3.5mm headphone jack to accommodate lightning port connector. A pair of fully functional lightning EarPods was leaked on the web. Recently, an image reportedly with the alleged mute button in black color has surfaced on the web. This hints at a possibility of a iPhone 7 in Space Black color or a darker shade of Space Gray. There are reports that the home button on the iPhone 7 won’t physically click when pressed. The home button will simulate a click with vibration. The rear of both iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus with protruding camera bumps and dual-lens camera revealed. Apple iPhone 7 front display with a physical home button without cutout revealed. We expect the possibility of force touch-like technology paired with a Touch ID fingerprint sensor. Apple iPhone 7 during the assembly process   iPhone 7 reveals dual speakers and lightning port connector Enjoy iPhone 7 in Space Black color variant iPhone 7 revealed with silver antenna lines The specifications of iPhone 7 cases and bumpers have leaked with availability from September middle. The cases will be light weight. Apple is expected to start pre-orders after two days of official launch. Hence, you will be able to place orders from September 9. However, orders will be shipped only from September 16. To attract customers, Apple will most likely bundle free Bluetooth headphones with the product package. Anand Narayanaswamy RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Two batches of Elephone S7 has been shipped out Elephone S7 Special Edition with Helio X25 expected soon Xiaomi confirmed to launch new product globally at CES 2017 Asus Zenbook 3 ultrabook launched in India starting at Rs 113990, availability from Nov 27 Black Friday deals on Apple: iPad Pro 9.7, Apple Watch Series 1, iPhone 7/7 Plus WhatsApp rolls out video streaming feature on Android: Everything you should know Samsung following Apple footsteps, to launch Galaxy S7 glossy black version Super batteries developed that charges in seconds and lasts for days Google Pixel gets better with double-tap and raise-to-wake integration LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Social Karma! 30,131FansLike 1,131FollowersFollow 11,077FollowersFollow 5,863SubscribersSubscribe Latest Smartphones Huawei Honor Pad 2 Huawei Honor 6X Xiaomi Redmi 4 Prime Xiaomi Redmi 4 Huawei Mate 9 Huawei Mate 9 Porsche Design Top comedy channels you should be following on YouTube Is your PC slow? Try these tricks to speed up Windows 10 Flagship smartphones under 5.5 inches display to buy in India Best iPhone 7 Plus covers and cases Wedding.net: A comprehensive portal to plan your wedding Here’s how you can stay updated with US President election 2016 results Subscribe to our YouTube Channel PC-Tablet 201 videos 650443 views 5862 subscribers Show playlists Videos Giveaway Laptop/ Tablet Reviews Tech Minutes Smartphones Comparison Camera Reviews Gaming & Performance Reviews Things To Know Accessories & Peripherals Wearable Reviews Audio Accessories Unboxing & Initial Impressions Smartphone Reviews Previous page Next page Previous page Next page Previous page Next page Previous page Next page Previous page Next page Previous page Next page Previous page Next page Previous page Next page Previous page Next page Previous page Next page Previous page Next page Previous page Next page Previous page Next page Two batches of Elephone S7 has been shipped out Elephone S7 Special Edition with Helio X25 expected soon NASA assigns SpaceX mission to launch first ever global survey of Earth’s surface water Top 5 Earthquake monitoring apps for Android and iOS smartphones Xiaomi confirmed to launch new product globally at CES 2017 Asus Zenbook 3 ultrabook launched in India starting at Rs 113990, availability from Nov 27 Follow us on Instagram @pctabletin ABOUT USPC-Tablet is a fast emerging online news media publication portal with an aim of providing instantaneous coverage of latest technology market trends. Contact us: editor@pc-tablet.co.in FOLLOW US About Team Advertise Contact Careers Privacy T&C © 2016 Copyright. All Rights Reserved. Owned by Sprouts Media. Open SUBSCRIBE TO OUR YOUTUBE CHANNEL FOR LATEST TECH UPDATES & GADGETS REVIEWS!
Home Tech Gadgets & Reviews Games App Right Now Entertainment Movies TV Series Celebrity Music Anime World & Trending Sports NBA WWE MMA TechPLZ Home Tech Gadgets & Reviews Games App Right Now Entertainment Movies TV Series Celebrity Music Anime World & Trending Sports NBA WWE MMA Tech & Gadgets iOS 10 Jailbreak Release Delayed? Pangu To Release Tools In 2017? By Feliciano Rodriguez III Posted on August 24, 2016 Source: Apple Share Tweet Share Share Email Apple has recently slapped the hands of jailbreaking enthusiasts with its recent iOS 9.3.4 update. The update was issued earlier this month and one of its main feature is the disabling of a software feature exploited by jailbreakers to install their software. With the latest Apple update seemingly bringing an end to jailbreaking iOS 9, all eyes are fixed on the upcoming new iOS, the iOS 10. The iOS 10 was announced last July at the 2016 WWDC. While Apple is hard at work, what with the constant releases of the iOS 10 Public and Developer Betas, renowned jailbreaking team, Team Pangu, is reportedly hard at work as well, developing tools to jailbreak iOS 10. Apple, it seems, is determined to make things hard for the jailbreaking community. The release of the recent iOS 9.3.4 update is proof enough that Apple takes jailbreaking really seriously. The update was specifically created to address a software exploit used by jailbreakers to install their software, as reported in an earlier article by TechPlz. Source: myicloud.info According to a report by our sister-site, TheBitBag, Pangu is reported to be able to release a jailbreaking tool in-sync with Apple’s projected September release of the iOS 10. Looking at things, historically, there’s a fifty-fifty chance that Team Pangu will be able to release a jailbreak for iOS 10. Team Pangu’s last jailbreak tool was for the iOS 9.3.2, and that tool took six months to release. If we take into account the six months it took for Pangu to break Apple’s code and create a jailbreaking tool, it’s safe to assume then that this will be (more or less) the time that it will take for them to create a jailbreak for iOS 10. If iOS 10 is released this September, then we might see an iOS 10 jailbreak this coming February 2017. Stay tuned for more tech news here at TechPlz. Related Items:Apple iOS 10 launch, iOS 10, iOS 10 Jailbreak Share Tweet Share Share Email Recommended for you iOS 10 Security Risk Update: Siri can Put your Personal Data at Risk? What You should Do iOS 10 Jailbreak Available For Download? Pangu To Launch iOS 10.1 iOS 10 Jailbreak Tool Release Update: iPhone 7 Jailbroken By A Teenager, But Apple Rolls Out iOS 10.0.2 Post navigation Surface Pro 5 Release Date, Price, Specs Update: Kaby Lake Processor To Power The Tablet iOS 10 Jailbreak Tool Release Update: iPhone 7 Jailbroken By A Teenager, But Apple Rolls Out iOS 10.0.2 Latest News Samsung Galaxy S8 Specs and Latest News: Bezel-less Screen for Next Samsung Flagship Phone? HTC 11 Rumors: Last Flagship Phone a Collectible Item? NBA 2KVR Experience: First Virtual Reality Basketball Features and Release Date Nokia Phone 2017: Camera, Processor, other Specs–What We Know So Far iPhone 6s Issues with Battery: Apple Releases Replacement Steps for US, UK, Canada, & Australia Tech Plz is the newest go-to site for all the gems you need in Tech, Gaming, Entertainment and World News. Patterned to fit the information needed by professionals on the go, TechPlz is a reliable source of information -- be it the biggest industry news, or as simple as what App to download for your next selfie. LATEST NEWS Surface Pro 4 Deals: Black Friday Offers by Amazon, Target, Best Buy The Microsoft Surface Pro 4 is undeniably the best of the Microsoft Surface line... iPhone 8 vs. Samsung Galaxy S8: Key Differences in Processor, Design, and Display The year is about to end. 2016 was such a big year for Android... Samsung Galaxy S8 Specs and Latest News: Bezel-less Screen for Next Samsung Flagship Phone? Samsung needs to make a big comeback next year, to make up for the... HTC 11 Rumors: Last Flagship Phone a Collectible Item? A lot of HTC 11 Rumors are circulating on the net. Particularly about the... Nokia Phone 2017: Camera, Processor, other Specs–What We Know So Far Talk about back from the living dead. Erstwhile king of the mobile phones, Nokia,... POPULAR TAGS featured pokemon go NBA 2k17 pokemon sun and moon Pokemon The Bachelor Australia 2016 Samsung Galaxy Note 7 Pokemon Go Update Samsung Apple The Bachelor Australia 2016 winner Pokemon GO Gen 2 iPhone 7 no man's sky macbook pro 2016 pokemon go tips Donald Trump Google Nexus 2016 Pokemon GO Cheats NBA 2k17 Locker Codes PS Plus WW3 News Civ 6 iOS 10 Google Pixel Home About Us Copyright © 2016 - Techplz. All right reserved. To Top
null
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals A running list of great iOS and macOS apps on sale this... Let’s Talk iOS 162: Staying out of the gravy trouble Best Mac Bundle: save up to 90% on Parallels, 1Password, TextExpander +... Black and white wallpapers for macOS and iOS   skip to main content skip to main menu     The Sena Watch Roll is a great travel companion for Apple Watch users By Sébastien Page, Aug 25, 2016 Tweet 1 Comment One of the greatest first world problems of our century is figuring out how you’re going to carry all these extra bands when traveling with an Apple Watch. There are of course many solutions available to you, such as throwing everything in a box or in a pocket of your backpack/luggage, but that is a somewhat inelegant way of going at it. I recently came across the Sena Watch Roll, a neat-looking leather roll that stores your Apple Watch bands and small accessories in a tight package, offering a worthy storage solution for the classy traveler you are. We’ll have a quick look at it in this short review. Simple yet elegant design Made of European tumbled leather, the Sena Watch Roll measures about 15 inches long when unfolded, and about 3.5 inches when rolled up. The inside is divided into five accessory compartments that are lined with microfiber cloth, ensuring whatever you’ll put in there will be snuggly organized and protected. A microfiber flap covers all the accessories so that they will stay in place and not accidentally slip out when rolling the Watch Roll or transporting it. From a design standpoint, it’s fair to say that the Watch Roll is an interesting looking pouch that takes a different approach from the box-type cases I’ve seen before. The brown leather I received on this particular unit, as well as the belt loop closing system give the Watch Roll a style that Indian Jones probably would be jealous of. But looks aren’t everything. Convenience and portability are key. Using the Watch Roll Putting bands and other accessories in and out of the compartments is as simple as you’d think. Depending on the size of your bands, you might be able to store two, or maybe even three bands per compartment. One major downside I encountered is that bands that are in one piece instead of two separate pieces, such as the Link Bracelet, won’t fit in the Watch Roll because they are too tall. This is a big problem to me because I never travel without my Link Bracelet. In that case, I’d have to wear the Link Bracelet instead of storing it for the duration of the travel. This is not necessarily a deal breaker, but it should be kept in mind nonetheless. Once you’re ready to go, simply roll up the pouch and use the leather belt loop closure to make sure everything is tight and won’t move. Beyond its looks, the Watch Roll is very practical when rolled up. Unlike what I thought at first sight, it actually doesn’t take much room, even when filled with five bands and a six foot Apple Watch charger. Is the Sena Watch Roll the perfect travel companion? All in all, I think the Sena Watch Roll is a really good travel accessory. It looks great, it is practical, light, and just as important when traveling, it doesn’t take much space. Would I travel with it? Absolutely. Until I find a better solution, the Watch Roll will be riding along on all my future trips. It will definitely be a better option than the small box I’ve been using until then to store my bands when traveling. The Sena Watch Roll is currently $59.95 from Sena’s website (normal price is $79.95) . It is available in brown or black. On a similar topic, I reviewed a nice portfolio band case in the past, but that one wasn’t very travel friendly. Still, if you’re looking for a case to store your bands, you might want to have a look at it. Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Nomad’s Silicone Strap for Apple Watch is both durable and comfortable The Nomad Modern Build Leather Strap for Apple Watch is full of character and personality Quick thoughts on the new Woven Nylon bands for Apple Watch: cheaply made, but good looking Review: Apple’s new Woven Nylon bands for Apple Watch Related Topics Accessories, Apple Watch, Band, Review, Travel Aman kapoor the best way to carry your watch is by carrying it on your wrist -_-   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines This Mac app lets you switch between recently used apps via Touch Bar A running list of great iOS and macOS apps on sale this week President-elect Trump promises tax incentives for Apple to build “Made in USA” iPhones Apple could slash prices of next year’s 4.7″ and 5.5″ iPhones with legacy LCD technology iPhone 8 to hit mass production late in the third quarter of 2017   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: ClearClockView, PullOver, & more… PullOver lets you pin an app to your screen for easier multitasking Jailbreak tweaks of the week: EmojiSuggest, PasswordRecovery, & more… EmojiSuggest brings iOS 10-like emoji suggestions to the predictive keyboard WiJoin lets you know what Wi-Fi network you’re connected to iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2016. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science     Money Video Travel Columnists Money Home Markets Saving & banking Investing Bills Cars Holidays Cards & loans Pensions Mortgages & home Experts Buy-to-let My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail HomeTop Share show ad Apple and Netflix customers are being targeted in a fake invoice e-mail scam duping them into handing over their bank details  Rise in fake Apple invoices looking to steal card details of worried people E-mail says users have bought music or Netflix subscriptions in App store Contains 'refund' link where people are duped into sharing card numbers Apple has warned people it would never ask for card details on an email    By Alisha Rouse and Lee Boyce and Martin Robinson, Uk Chief Reporter For Mailonline Published: 17:30 EST, 23 August 2016 | Updated: 07:11 EST, 2 September 2016 e-mail 2.3k shares 436 View comments Apple customers are being targeted in a series of new scams involving invoices containing fake iTunes, App Store or Netflix purchases. The bogus emails – likely to have been sent to thousands of people - are aimed at stealing your bank details by making people think someone has gone shopping using your Apple account. The invoices seen by MailOnline and all headed with the Apple logo and using its distinctive font, say the user has bought music on iTunes or purchased a new annual Netflix subscription. Victims scared they have been defrauded have clicked on a 'refund' link where they fill in their card details, which are sent to cyber criminals. Apple today warned people to ignore the emails and says they would never ask for bank details or the three-digit security code on the back of your card by email. Police have also been sharing images of the Netflix email on Twitter to warn people not to be duped.  Scam: Thess bogus emails are targeting Apple customers in the hope they will click on a refund link and send their card details to cyber criminals Caution: The scam scares victims into thinking someone has gone shopping with their bank details by emailing them a fake invoice, often linked to iTunes purchases like music and films RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 2 Next Student current account perks test: Should you have your... Students warned over rise in dangerous phishing e-mails as... Can you spot the scam? See how many you can get right...  Spotting fake e-mails in your inbox can be a minefield, says... Scam warning: Beware of crooks emailing fake British Gas... Share this article Share 2.3k shares The tech giant has not commented on the scam emails, which appear to be sent widely in the hope recipients are Apple customers. A message arrives in your inbox purporting to be from Apple topped with its famous logo.  WHAT APPLE SAY TO DO ABOUT PHISHING EMAILS Apple said the iTunes Store will never ask you to provide personal information or sensitive account information such as passwords or credit card numbers via email. Email messages that contain attachments or links to non-Apple websites are from sources other than Apple, although they may appear to be from the iTunes Store.  Most often, these attachments are malicious and should not be opened. You should never enter your Apple account information on any non-Apple website.  Apple websites that require Account information have apple.com, such as http://store.apple.com, or iforgot.apple.com(with the exception being iCloud.com).  The iTunes Store will never ask you to provide via email: · Social Security Number · Mother's maiden name · Full credit card number · Credit card CCV code Report iMessages that look like spam or junk HERE or find out if you have been defrauded HERE  The subject reads 'Your invoice' and shows a confirmation of a recent purchase. At the end of the e-mail, it says you can cancel the purchase within 14 days.  Emails seen by MailOnline show purchases of film soundtracks, singles and solo albums.  I another similar phishing email Apple customers are told they have bought a £36 for a Netflix subscription, purchased from the App Store. When you click on it, you're taken through steps to claim a refund. But the idea is to trick you into handing over your bank details. The e-mail looks similar to official Apple correspondence and includes its logo, font - and a fake copyright symbol.   The wording is also similar to Apple's own. Money Mail alerted Action Fraud to the scam and it is investigating. To check your recent transactions log in to your account via iTunes or go to reportaproblem.apple.com. Apple customers have long been targeted by cyber criminal gangs.  In 2014 scammers used fears about the News of the World celebrity hacking scandal to trick people into entering their Apple ID and password details into a fake login screen. Security experts  discovered emails and text messages that claim to be from Apple, warning users about unauthorised access to their accounts. The latest threat to people's accounts comes as both the FBI and Apple have said they are investigating the link.  Scammers are then able to steal these login credentials to get access to the user's iCloud, which also provides access to their iTunes account and personal details.  In March Apple customers were targeted by hackers  in an attack on Mac computers. Called KeRanger, hackers infected the computers with this malicious software through a tainted copy of a popular program known as Transmission. Security researchers said on their blog that KeRanger is programmed to stay quiet for three days after infecting a computer. It then connects to the attacker's server, starts encrypting files so they can't be accessed and demands a ransom of 1 bitcoin, or about $400, to unlock the computer.   Fake contact: This email for a Paulo Nutini  album has been sent out by criminal gangs looking to steal personal information It comes after we warned earlier in the year about the rise of e-mails from fraudsters which use familiar household brands in order to steal details. This includes British Gas, with criminals sending out fake utility bills containing viruses.    Embedded in these scam e-mails can be malware links which fraudsters use to lurk in the background of your computer and pounce when you bank online - and the same is true of text messages.  Last year, online fraud was up a whopping 64 per cent on the year before to reach £133.5million according to Financial Fraud UK.  At the same time, phone banking fraud was up 92 per cent. In June, we published a spot the scam article containing 13 e-mails, answer phone messages, text messages and scenarios – can you guess which ones are genuine contact, and which ones aren't?  Above, we have attached two e-mails allegedly sent by Apple. Both are fake, despite using the Apple logo, having genuine looking disclaimers at the bottom and using font similar to the American giant. However, the blue links are likely to contain malware or redirect you to dodgy websites which ask you for personal details. A clear sign these are fake are the fact they have come from spurious-looking e-mail addresses - if in doubt, get in touch with customer services of the brand in question.  Deals Of The Week Exclusive: Up to £20k managed free for a year Online investing £100 cash and 3% on up to £1,500 Classic Plus 30 months 0% interest Purchase card £100 to sign-up & £250 free overdraft First Account Use DM100 to get £100 off Online estate agent Read more: Block phone numbers and contacts or filter messages on your iPhone, iPad or iPod Touch - Apple Support Report a Problem reportaproblem.a... Share or comment on this article e-mail 2.3k shares Why shops really keep begging for your email address: They... How you can earn £27,000 tax-free: Five steps to make more... The 'boomerang' ban! Hard-pressed tenants may NOT benefit... Last chance to grab a record low mortgage: Where to find the... ASK TONY: PayPal knows my son died four years ago but they... Say hello to the 194mph zero emissions hypercar: The NIO EP9... AUTUMN STATEMENT LIVE BLOG: Analysis, reaction and the... AUTUMN STATEMENT 2016 IN BRIEF: The key points of the... The F1 car you can legally drive on the road: This 370bhp... Village damned by the modern world: The only bank is closing... How a GP visit can wreck your travel cover... as Richard... No more tax-free mobile phones, gyms and TVs: Chancellor... MOST READ MONEY Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Enter search term: Search All Articles Share prices Portfolio Forums Guides Savings rates Deals Calculators QUICK WAYS TO SAVE MONEY Credit cards Cheaper insurance Savings accounts Best mortgages Cut your energy bills Current accounts Cheapest loans £12.50 share dealing THE INVESTING SHOW Investing Show: Will President Donald Trump prove to be good for investors? Investing Show: Should you invest in a VCT for 30% tax relief and exciting growth companies Investing Show: Is now a good time to buy emerging markets? Investing Show: Banks are suffering but they're good value in an expensive market, says Richard Buxton Investing Show: We've bought US tech stars like Tesla because of how great they could really become, says Scottish Mortgage's Tom Slater Investing Show: Banks are suffering but they're good value in an expensive market, says Richard Buxton Investing Show: Should investors worry about the US election, banks and a 'hard Brexit'? Investing Show: Can investors make money by keeping it simple? Investing Show: Rate cuts are pointless but infrastructure is the next opportunity for investors Investing Show: The value investor who likes unloved bank and supermarket shares Investing Show: Best places to invest around the world to beat Brexit Investing Show: Where should you invest and what should you avoid after Brexit?             DON'T MISS How you can earn £27,000 tax-free Five steps to make more money and keep hold of it. Why shops really keep begging for your email address: They claim it's to send you a receipt... But they actually just want to sell you more. I'd like to invest in a fund which is focused on emerging markets: Have you any recommendations? Last chance to grab a record low mortgage? Where to find the best deals as home loans are hit by Trump's election win. Why has the US stock market risen since the election? Trumponomics gives investors a headache, but despite contradictions they see opportunities. The only bank is closing for good and the broadband's so slow locals can't do their banking online instead Village damned by the modern world. Will President Donald Trump be good or bad for investors? Investing Show Barclays named worst for fraud complaints with twice as many as any other bank This is why the Autumn Statement is doomed (...and every one ever after) RACHEL RICKARD STRAUS. Can MPs who stopped savers cashing in annuities really understand their pain? The pensions divide Britons are 10% worse-off thanks to Brexit vote... - but UK still has third highest share of the world's mega-rich. Food and drink prices set to soar in run-up to Christmas as Britain's producers are hurt by the weak pound Daughter tells how 85-year-old mother is trapped by Bank of Scotland mortgage nightmare 'My mum is preyed on by scam artists but can't move home'. New mothers urged to sign up for child benefit even if they are not eligible... - or they could miss out on full state pension. The NIO EP9 is the fastest electric vehicle round the Nürburgring - but needs a 45 minute charge after that Say hello to the 194mph zero emissions hypercar. Vodafone cancelled my direct debit THREE TIMES without asking - leaving a black mark on my credit score Latest reports from News AUTUMN STATEMENT 2016 IN BRIEF: The key points of the Chancellor's speech at a glance AUTUMN STATEMENT LIVE BLOG: Analysis, reaction and the verdict on the Chancellor's speech - and what it means for you Why shops really keep begging for your email address: They claim it's to send you a receipt. But they actually just want to sell you more  Barclays named worst for fraud complaints with twice as many as any other bank AO World warns of New Year price rises - and blames the fall in the pound More than 250 jobs lost and hundreds more at risk as Manchester equipment hire firm collapses into administration Hammond's £1.6trillion debt problem as PM pledges that Britain must 'live within our means once again' Goldman boss who advised Sir Shifty on selling BHS to former bankrupt Dominic Chappell quits after 30 years The other PM set to lose his job after calling a referendum: Italy's December vote spells trouble for Matteo Renzi  Income tax boost for hard-up households, universal credits restored, a VAT cut even? What's in store for the Autumn Statement Jackpot! Online gambling bonanza set to reel in DOUBLE expected tax take at £600m Chancellor Philip Hammond to say UK economy will grow by just 1.25% in 2017 'We'll open 2,000 new branches': Meet the reforming Post Office boss aiming for £100m profit after decades in red Business rates shock - now pay even if bill is WRONG: New Government edict blocking appeals is set to cost firms billions MORE HEADLINES     SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home Latest Multinational Africa Americas Asia-Pacific Europe Transfer Pricing FATCA/CRS Home » Americas » US criticizes EU probe of multinational corp tax as Apple decision nears US criticizes EU probe of multinational corp tax as Apple decision nears Posted on August 24, 2016 in Americas, Europe, European Commission, Featured News, Transfer Pricing, United States Tweet The Obama Administration, in a letter and white paper released today, ramped up its criticism of European Commission efforts to force large multinational firms to pay back amounts deemed illegal state aid that were allegedly received through overly generous tax rulings, known as advance pricing agreements (APAs). The Commission determined last October that APAs granted by the Netherlands to a Starbucks subsidiary and by Luxembourg to a Fiat subsidiary amounted to illegal state aid and ordered the EU nations to recover the back taxes and penalties from the firms. The decisions are being appealed to the EU General Court. The Commission could soon order its largest state aid recovery yet, though, on account of 1991 and 2007 APAs granted by Ireland to Apple. The final determination in the Apple case is expected this fall, and could result in Apple owing several billion dollars to Ireland. In a letter to EU Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker, US Treasury Secretary Jacob Lew reiterated the US’s opposition to the EU Commission actions, asserting that state aid recoveries based on inappropriate transfer pricing rulings should be prospective only. The financial burden of these recoveries could be born by the US, Lew said, as the amounts recovered may be considered foreign income taxes which are creditable against the multinational’s US taxes, should the multinationals repatriate their earnings. Lew acknowledged that an EU country’s selective application of tax rules could potentially constitute impermissible state aid under longstanding EU competition law principles. Nonetheless, he said that the theories being applied in APA cases are “entirely new” and thus it would be unfair to apply them retroactively. The EU Commission is advancing a novel view, Treasury said, by stating that selective advantage can occur if the Commission believes an APA is inconsistent with its view of the arm’s length principle. Moreover, Treasury argues that prior EU decisions have never held that a selective advantage is granted by an EU state if multinationals receive tax benefits that are not available to a standalone companies, as has been asserted by the Commission in these cases. Treasury also said that, by substituting its own views on transfer pricing for those in the OECD transfer pricing guidelines, the Commission undermines the international consensus on transfer pricing. The Commission has also threatened the ability of member states to honor tax treaties, and undermines progress made under the OECD/G20 base erosion profit shifting project, Treasury said. The letter and paper also reiterate the US’s assertion that the EU is disproportionately targeting US MNEs in its state aid inquiries. EU Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager has denied this charge in multiple forums. See: White Paper Letter     Tweet Latest News Vietnam publishes draft transfer pricing law to combat tax avoidance Switzerland agrees to automatic exchange of information with Brazil, Mexico, Uruguay EU Code of Conduct Group to assess EU tax regimes using modified nexus, adopt BEPS transfer pricing rules Belgium’s “fairness tax” conflicts with Parent-Subsidiary Directive, EU court advisor argues Argentina, Switzerland agree to automatically exchange financial account information for tax purposes Search This Site MORE >> Sign up for MNE Tax Updates: What’s Next Dec. 5--8 13th session of the UN Committee of Experts on International Cooperation in Tax Matters New York Dec. 9 Special meeting of the UN Council on International Cooperation in Tax Matters New York Add Your Event SEARCH THIS SITE About Us Contact Us Submissions Copyright © 2016. DISCLAIMER: The information provided herein is general and may not be applicable in all situations. It should not be acted upon without legal advice accounting for a particular situation.
null
November 23, 2016 / 1:40 PM #Buzz Exclusives Tv/Film Reviews Genres MT Radio Festivals Video Rumors SUBSCRIBE Now Quick Links Featured Content Diplo, Marshmello, Young Thug Headline Life In Color 10-Year Anniversary Miami Festival Posthumous Phife Dawg Solo Album to be Released in 2017 According to Widow Kanye West Reportedly Hospitalized For Exhaustion & Sleep Deprivation After Canceling Tour Tupac 'All Eyez on Me' Biopic Release Date Revealed on Instagram Quick Links Interviews Lists Podcasts Videos Photos Premieres Guest Bloggers Tour Journals Contests Featured Content Solarrio Shares Mesmerizing 'Treadmill' Video: Premiere AMAs 2016: 5 Best Performances From Green Day, Nicki Minaj, Ariana Grande & More Hamilton Contest: Win Tickets To See Decorated Play Here! Yuna Talks 'Crush' & Making Magic Happen with Usher [INTERVIEW] Quick Links Features Recaps Reviews Late Night Soundtracks Featured Content James Corden Replaces LL Cool J As 2017 Grammys Host Nicci Gilbert Talks Tory Lanez "Say It," 'From the Bottom Up' & Developing Keke's Reality Show Keke Wyatt Interview: Details on New Reality Show, "Jodeci" Inspiration & 'Marriage Boot Camp' Soul Train Awards 2016 Legendary Performances, Highlights & Red Carpet Photos Quick Links Live! Albums Tracks Music Videos Featured Content Pitbull Heats Up On 'Climate Change' Single "Can't Have" With Steven A. Clark, Ape Drums Eric Prydz Releases Hypnotic New 3-Track Pryda EP Stream, Download Bruno Mars Funky and Soulful New Album '24k Magic' deadmau5 Shares "Let Go" with Grabbitz, 'W:/2016Album' Tracklist Quick Links Pop Dance/Electronic Rock Jazz/Blues/Classical Hip-Hop/Rap R&B/Soul Country Folk/Americana Latin Christian/Gospel Kpop Featured Content Solarrio Shares Mesmerizing 'Treadmill' Video: Premiere Diplo, Marshmello, Young Thug Headline Life In Color 10-Year Anniversary Miami Festival Posthumous Phife Dawg Solo Album to be Released in 2017 According to Widow Kanye West Reportedly Hospitalized For Exhaustion & Sleep Deprivation After Canceling Tour Quick Links Podcasts Featured Content Sarah McGowan Talks New EP 'Indian Summer,' Plans For 2015 & More; Performs "Molly" Live [EXCLUSIVE PODCAST] Exclusive Podcast: The New Tarot Perform "That Ain't Me" and Discuss Breaking into the Music Industry with Music Times [LISTEN] Ryan Cabrera Talks New Single "House On Fire," Reality TV, Ryan Gosling Tattoo, Dating Ashlee Simpson, 'The Bling Ring', Dave Matthews Fandom And More [EXCLUSIVE PODCAST] Mixtape Monday: This Week's Newest Tracks for Sharing Follow Music Times Subscribe to Music Times! Sign up for our weekly news updates by entering your email: Stay Connected Advertisement Buzz Universal Reportedly Ending Streaming Exclusives After Frank Ocean Album Release by Ryan Middleton   Aug 24, 2016 16:58 PM EDT Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Frank Ocean performs at Bonnaroo 2014 (Photo : Jason Merritt/Getty Images) The war between the various streaming services continue to heat up as Spotify, Pandora, Apple Music, TIDAL and others all try and find a competitive advantage in the crowded music market. Exclusives have been one way for services like Apple Music and TIDAL to try and gain an edge on their rivals. That has been one of the major selling points for TIDAL and their artist owners, while Apple Music has scored major deals with the likes of Drake, Future, Chance The Rapper and Frank Ocean recently. Now Universal Music has reportedly decided they are ruling out entirely streaming exclusives for their artists. This news comes from a very brief note written by industry insider Bob Lefsetz on his daily newsletter via The Guardian, where he states that UMG Lucian Grainge CEO sent out an email to company executives ending all future exclusives. This could be because of what they felt like was a slight by Frank Ocean. According to The Fader, Ocean fulfilled his record contract with the release of Endless as an Apple Music exclusive on Aug. 19. He then went on to release his official studio album Blonde as an independent artist the following day on Aug. 20. This could have made Universal's brass so angry that an artist pulled one over on them by releasing a lesser project as an exclusive as a way to get out of a contract. Advertisement If this comes to fruition, it would have major ramifications for streaming services. Universal had seven of the 10 top selling albums in 2015 and accounted for 38.5 percent of global music sales. It would be the first major label to ban streaming exclusives and when Universal does something, generally the other two majors, Sony and Warner soon follow. This would be a blow to the streaming companies who are looking for exclusives, but it could also impact Universal if some artists are looking to pair with a streaming service. So this could be a double edged sword. See More Universal Music Group Frank Ocean Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Close Advertisement // Popular Now 1 Stream, Download Bruno Mars Funky and Soulful New Album '24k Magic' 2 The Weeknd Releasing Two New 'Starboy' Album Songs, One with Daft Punk, Tomorrow 3 Taboo of Black Eyed Peas Opens Up About Cancer Battle 4 The Game Ordered to Pay $7 Million in Sexual Assault Case from Reality Show 5 Ultra Music Festival 2017 Lineup Phase 1: Justice, Major Lazer, DJ Snake, Alesso Headline Advertisement Buzz Read Kanye West's Brilliant McDonald's Poem For Frank Ocean's 'Boys Don't Cry' Zine Shakesperean according to Joey Bada$$. ... Buzz Frank Ocean's Mother Tells Fans Not to Pay for Magazine Accompanying 'Blonde' on eBay In a strange twist, Frank Ocean’s mother Katonya Breaux is telling fans not to pay expensive prices on eBay for the magazine accompanying his new 'Blonde' album. A small amount of copies were distributed this past Sunday (Aug. 21) and now some are ... Buzz Universal Music Posts 2015 Revenue Increase Thanks To Streaming The machine always seems to try and stifle it, but streaming is now becoming the main gravy train for major labels. Universal Music and its parent company Vivendi have announced their 2015 revenue and UMG posted a 2.7 percent increase at constant ... Buzz SoundCloud, Universal Music Group Sign Licensing Deal SoundCloud has had trouble with its transition from a small, music discovery platform to a billion dollar company that has played a vital role in artist development, but also found itself in the crosshairs of industry executives who want all aspects ... // Don’t Miss Solarrio Shares Mesmerizing 'Treadmill' Video: Premiere Diplo, Marshmello, Young Thug Headline Life In Color 10-Year Anniversary Miami Festival Posthumous Phife Dawg Solo Album to be Released in 2017 According to Widow Kanye West Reportedly Hospitalized For Exhaustion & Sleep Deprivation After Canceling Tour Tupac 'All Eyez on Me' Biopic Release Date Revealed on Instagram Pitbull Heats Up On 'Climate Change' Single "Can't Have" With Steven A. Clark, Ape Drums James Corden Replaces LL Cool J As 2017 Grammys Host Kid Cudi Pens Heartfelt Thank You Letter To Fans, Kanye West, Pharrell & More The Game Ordered to Pay $7 Million in Sexual Assault Case from Reality Show daily dishgenresreviewsexclusivestrendingTV FacebookTwitterInstagramGoogle +RSS About UsContact UsPrivacy Policy Terms of ServiceJobsPartners Copyright © 2016 Music Times. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited. close Sign Up for the Weekly Newsletter Keep up-to-date with what's going on in music news with Music Times! You'll be happy that you did and we promise not to spam you. NO THANKS!
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Modern Medicine Trader Talk Portfolio Perspective ETF Strategist Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Morning Brief Wall Street takes aim at records again ahead of Yellen speech IN THE NEWS TODAY U.S. stock futures were searching for direction this morning, as the Nasdaq closed Tuesday just shy of a new record. The Dow and S&P 500 both inched higher and came near their all-time highs. Investors also await Fed Chair Janet Yellen's Jackson Hole speech Friday. (CNBC) Dallas Fed President Robert Kaplan told the Nikkei it's appropriate for the U.S. central bank to remove some of the policy accommodation and move towards a more neutral stance. As the Fed meets in Jackson Hole, to discuss its framework for making monetary policy, many on Wall Street are convinced there isn't one. The CNBC Fed Survey found that 60 percent of respondents say the central bank lacks a framework for deciding on interest rates. Oil prices were lower this morning, after gaining nearly 1.5 percent Tuesday. Industry data from the American Petroleum Institute showed a surprise inventory build. The government releases its weekly crude stockpile report at 10:30 a.m. ET. (CNBC) Matthew J. Belvedere | Peter Schacknow Wednesday, 24 Aug 2016 | 7:45 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES A powerful earthquake hit central Italy early Wednesday, burying residents under rubble as they slept and killing at least 33 people. As dawn broke, locals picked through ruins in the worst-affected towns of Amatrice and Accumoli, while authorities searched for survivors. (NBC News) Backed by air support from the U.S.-led coalition, the Turkish military began a ground incursion into Syria today to clear Islamic State militants from the border. The mission came hours before Vice President Joe Biden was due to meet with Turkish leaders. (NY Times) Donald Trump accused Hillary and Bill Clinton of setting up a "business to profit from public office." Newly released emails from Clinton's time as Secretary of State showed Clinton Foundation donors sought, and sometimes received, access to Hillary Clinton. (NBC News) Apple (AAPL) CEO Tim Cook hosts a fundraiser for Clinton later today in the San Francisco Bay Area. Clinton also attends a fundraiser at the Palo Alto home of Amy Rao, who runs a technology firm and has been a longtime Clinton fundraising bundler. (Mercury News) Tesla (TSLA) announced new versions of its Model S sedan and Model X crossover, with faster acceleration and longer battery range. The electric automaker claims its Model S P100D with Ludicrous mode is the fastest production car in the world, in terms of acceleration. (CNBC) As Spotify gears up for a potential initial public offering next year, the music-streaming service is negotiating new deals to obtain the rights to play tunes in years to come. Some labels are looking for a bigger revenue share, on par with Apple Music. (WSJ) BuzzFeed plans to split its news department from its entertainment division to enhance revenue from digital videos. The reorganization followed reports of revenue misses. NBCUniversal, parent company of CNBC, has also invested in BuzzFeed. (Vanity Fair) Four private equity funds at Apollo Global Management (APO) have agreed to pay $52.7 million to settle SEC charges. The accusations included false information about fees and failing to supervise a senior partner who charged personal expenses. (Seeking Alpha) Martin Shkreli, who hiked the price of HIV medication Daraprim by 5,000 percent, is defending drugmaker Mylan (MYL) for increasing the price of EpiPens by 461 perent. (The Daily Mail) BY THE NUMBERS After Tuesday's surprise pop in new home sales, mortgage applications and existing home sales this morning should be a focus, ahead of Yellen's Friday speech. Existing home sales for July are expected at 5.5 million, down 0.9 percent, when reported at 10 a.m. ET. There is also FHFA home price data for June at 9 a.m. ET. Mortgage application filings fell 2.1 percent last week, according to the Mortgage Bankers Association. Refinances were down 3 percent. However, total volume and refis were 28 percent and nearly 45 percent higher respectively, compared to the same week a year ago. Besides today's economic data, there are key earnings coming after the bell from tech firm HP Incorporated (HPQ), as well as retailers PVH (PVH) and Williams-Sonoma. STOCKS TO WATCH Pharmaceutical company AstraZeneca (AZN) has agreed to sell its small molecule antibiotics business to Pfizer Inc (PFE) in a deal that could be valued at more than $1.5 billion. Samsung shares fell 2 percent today in Korean trading, after the technology giant said stronger-than-expected demand for its new Galaxy Note 7 meant it had to push back the release date in some markets. Fitbit (FIT) did not steal rival Jawbone's trade secrets, a judge ruled. Jawbone accused Fitbit of patent infringement and poaching employees who brought along confidential data. La-Z-Boy (LZB) posted a surprise drop in fourth-quarter sales, missing forecasts. The recliner maker was hurt by weaker wholesale demand and lower foot traffic at its furniture stores. Intuit (INTU) reported a fourth-quarter loss, although revenue did rise 8 percent. however, the maker of QuickBooks and TurboTax first quarter outlook was below analyst forecasts. WATERCOOLER If you're looking for a European summer hideaway, Villa les Cèdres on the south of France's sparkling Cote d'Azur, with the 10-bedrooms and 30 stables, is up for sale for $1 billion. (CNBC) After bringing an NBA championship to Cleveland, LeBron James now turns his attention to helping the city's economy through a new TV series. "Cleveland Hustles" premiers tonight at 10 p.m. ET on CNBC. Matthew J. BelvedereSenior Producer Peter SchacknowSenior Producer, CNBC SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
You must have javascript enabled to use this site. Please click here to learn how to enable javascript. (877) 303-4529 111 Market Place #720 Baltimore, MD 21202 Contact Us FAQ Whitelist Sitemap Wealth Daily About Editors Videos Archives Reports Resources Contact Us Download your FREE report now: Gold and Silver Mining Stocks Apple's iPhone 7 Can It Live Up to the Hype? Written by Monica Savaglia Posted August 24, 2016 It's that time again... Apple (NASDAQ: APPL) is getting ready to launch its new iPhone.  In just a little less than a month, we can expect the brand new iPhone 7 to be released. This year's release holds a lot more anticipation and excitement, since Apple's standalone releases for its phones (iPhone 4, 5, 6) usually include new and significant upgrades to the phone's technology and design. So given that it's the year of the iPhone 7, there are a lot of expectations. And with high expectations come the leaks... Looks Really Do Matter An interesting rumor that's been going around for the past few months is how Apple will be releasing three versions of the iPhone 7: the iPhone 7, iPhone 7 plus, and iPhone Pro. The iPhone Pro would be unique in comparison to the 7 and 7 plus because of the Pro's rear dual camera.  However, it seems like the Pro might have just been an alternative version in case it wasn't possible to put the dual camera on the iPhone plus — essentially, a back-up plan. A reliable iPhone leaker, Evan Blass, tweeted on July 18th that he had received information that there will only be two versions of the iPhone 7, and their code names are Sonora and Dos Palos (two cities in California). You can expect a slimmer look and feel with the iPhone 7. Right now, the iPhone 6S is 7.1mm thick, and the new version could be trimmed down to 6.5mm or even 6mm.  Another design change has been directed towards the antenna lines on the back. The antenna lines are expected to be repositioned to curve along the edges of the phone instead of across the back. But for the most part, you can expect the new iPhone 7 to look similar to the iPhone 6.  A "major" change that seems to be getting every iPhone user in an uproar is the removal of the headphone jack. This change raises a lot of questions of what exactly Apple plans to do to accommodate consumers so they can continue using their earbuds. It's rumored that Apple will be providing a lightning port to connect earbuds. If that isn't the case, then customers will have to invest in a pair of wireless earbuds. We all know Apple loves to accessorize, so you can bet it's working on its own wireless EarPods to sell separately that will be compatible with the iPhone 7 (just in time for the iPhone 7 release, of course). Another popular leak is claiming that the new phone will be water resistant — an obvious and much-needed feature that I'm sure everyone would be happy about... after all, accidents do happen. It's hard to tell to what extent the phone would be water resistant, but a feature like that would be a lifesaver. The Heart of it All A new design is important, but not as important as the hardware, especially if we're expected to pay $600+ for it.  There'll be a change to the baseline of internal storage for the new phones. Apple will no longer be offering its 16GB model; instead, the lowest amount of storage will start at 32GB, allowing for more memory for photos, videos, and apps, while also catching Apple up with the rest of the smartphone industry. The iPhone 7 is expected to have 2GB of RAM, while the iPhone 7 plus will have 3GB. With any new phone, a new processor is a crucial component. The new iPhones are expected to include a next-generation A10 processor manufactured by Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (NYSE: TSM).  You can expect improvements on both front-facing and rear cameras. After all, we do live in a world where people love taking pictures of the places they go, the food they eat, the people they see, and even themselves. If the iPhone 7 plus does in fact have a dual rear camera, it'll allow for photos to be a lot clearer and reduce the graininess. Mark Gurman of Bloomberg reports that the home button will no longer be clickable, but a pressure-sensitive circle that provides haptic feedback when touched — a similar design to the new trackpad on the new MacBook. It'll probably take some time for devoted iPhone users to get used to the new home button; however, it'll give users an easier transition for when Apple gets rid of the button altogether and integrates the home "button" onto the phone's screen. The 3D touch that was integrated into the iPhone 6S will become more useful on the iPhone 7. The 3D touch has been heavily integrated into the new iOS 10 software. There have been rumors that tease the idea of multi-3D touch, but that likely won't appear on the iPhone 7. For the most part, the technology will remain very similar to the 6S. Some other tech features that could be included are: wireless charging, fingerprint recognition on the display, dual cameras, and a USB Type-C connector. Apple filed patents for wireless charging and fingerprint recognition technology on the display, but it's hard to tell if these features will be a part of the iPhone 7, especially since the patent for wireless charging was filed three years ago.  Worth the Buy? I've been an iPhone user since the iPhone 4 came out, and with these current leaks and rumors, I'm not entirely convinced that the iPhone 7 will live up to its expectations. There's no doubt that the technology will be improved, but nothing that would convince consumers to immediately upgrade their phones. Apple is on the verge of a lot of new technology that could possibly reshape the iPhone for the better, but that technology won't be ready for next month's launch of the iPhone 7. iPhone users will have to wait until the iPhone 8 release to see any big changes. The Best Free Investment You'll Ever Make Sign up to receive the Wealth Daily newsletter - it's absolutely free! In each issue, you'll get our best investment research, designed to help you build a lifetime of wealth, minus the risk. Plus, by signing up, you'll instantly receive our new report: Surviving the Coming Economic Collapse. Subscribe Comments Buffett's Envy: 50% Annual Returns, Guaranteed Warren Buffett once told investors at an annual shareholder meeting, "...it's a huge structural advantage not to have a lot of money. I think I could make you 50% a year on $1 million. No, I know I could. I guarantee that." Buffett later went on to talk about one incredible advantage that average, smaller investors have over Berkshire. Point blank, The "Oracle of Omaha" envies people like you because you can invest in small cap stocks and he can't. Join our community of over 400,000 readers at Wealth Daily today for FREE, and get started with three of our top small-cap tech stock picks – the kinds of high-return investments Warren Buffet now can only dream of making. Subscribe Learn about Wealth Daily and our Privacy Policy Top Rated 1 Investing in Internet Commerce 2 Could Elon Musk's Satellite Network... 3 Time to Lock in Risk-Free Yields 4 Is War the Only Way Out? 5 Holiday Trading Trending Articles 1 Another Reason Cannabis is a Socially... 2 The Most Profitable Cannabis... 3 Why Mark Zuckerberg is NOT the Next... 4 The Five Best Investing Apps 5 Investing in the Emblem Cannabis IPO Wealth Daily About Us Editors Videos Archives Reports Investment Resources Contact Us Copyright and Fair Use Contact Us Wealth Daily 111 Market Place #720 Baltimore, MD 21202 Tel: (877) 303-4529 Fax: (410) 814-5959 Search About We've assembled some of the best investment minds the market has to offer. All are experts in various fields. And our record is second to none. The flagship e-Letter of Angel Publishing, Wealth Daily brings you these market insights and commentaries every day directly to your email inbox. Our editors have over a combined 75 years in the investment research sector. © 2016 Wealth Daily. All rights reserved. Report: How to Make Your Fortune in Stocks The REAL secret to consistent, reliable stock market profits is simple: own top quality dividend stocks! We'll show you how to get consistent and reliable income from dividend stocks. Send My FREE Report Now Subscribe
UPROXX News Sections Main The Intercept Fearless, Adversarial Journalism Election 2016 Featured News Is Obama Already Counseling Trump With His Televised Speeches? News When Police Wear Body Cameras, Who Gets To See The Footage? Entertainment Sections TV Movies Hitfix What's Alan Watching Inside Television with Alan Sepinwall The Oscar Chase Chronicling the 2016 Awards Season Gaming Web Culture Featured FilmDrunk ‘Bad Santa 2’ Is An Airplane-Worthy Sequel To A Modern Classic Sepinwall 'Westworld' Frustrates With The Confusing 'Trace Decay' Sports Sections Main Dime NBA on UPROXX With Spandex Pro Wrestling on UPROXX NFL College Football MMA Featured DimeMag NBA Power Rankings Week 4: The End Of An Era In Dallas Sports Who To Start, Sit, And Scoop Up For Your Week 12 Fantasy Football Lineup Music Sections Main RealTalk Hip Hop on UPROXX Uncharted The Best Musicians You Haven't Heard of Yet Featured Movies 'The Last Waltz' Is The Best Thanksgiving Movie Ever Made Music Willie Nelson's Love For Weed Made Him A Country Revolutionary Life & Discovery Sections Main Food & Drink Smart and fresh, never basic Travel & Adventure Explore The World You Are Inheriting Health Lifehack Your Body and Soul Featured Life Eco-Minded Chefs Who Are Blazing New Food Trails Life A Native American Chef Grapples With Thanksgiving Real Stories Culture-Defining Longform Stories and Oral Histories The Story Of The Fugees' Bitter Breakup How TV And Evolving Media Technology Changed The American Presidency The Oral History Of VH1's 'Pop-Up Video' See More... Shows Featured When Police Wear Body Cameras, Who Gets To See The Footage? Is Oil Wastewater Our Next Big Ecological Crisis? Meet A Chef Who Hunts And Fishes For The Food He Serves See More... Search for: About About Privacy Terms Facebook Twitter YouTube Get UPROXX Everywhere. Follow @UPROXX Member Sign Up Sign In What Does It Mean If Universal Music Group Is Really Banning Streaming Exclusives? #Drake Bansky Gonzalez 08.23.16 3 months ago Facebook Twitter EMAIL Getty Image Streaming services like Apple Music, Spotify and Tidal have spent the past few years gradually gobbling up shares of the music market, essentially changing the way music is consumed and released, so much so that Billboard eventually changed their calculations for charting music sales. It’s been an adjustment, and labels have stood by idly watching the climate change under their noses, but now Universal Music Group may be implementing a drastic policy and changing the entire process in one fell swoop. According to High Snobiety, UMG sent out a company-wide email Monday essentially banning exclusive streaming rights for all of their releases going forward. The alleged ban comes on the first business day after one of UMG’s artists, Frank Ocean, released two albums exclusively on Apple Music, the visual album Endless and the traditional album Blonde. The move is a game changer as UMG is home to nearly 80 record labels including Interscope, Capitol, Def Jam, Motown, Priority, Republic and artist-ran subsidiaries like Kanye West’s GOOD Music, Cash Money, Dr. Dre’s Aftermath, Eminem’s Shady, J. Cole’s Dreamville and more. UMG is also home to all five of this year’s Grammy nominees for Album of the Year — Kendrick Lamar, Taylor Swift, The Weeknd, Chris Stapleton and Alabama Shakes — as well as seven of 2015’s 10 best-selling albums and 38.5 percent of the year’s recorded music and 2016’s biggest selling artist, Drake. The ban would strip streaming services of some of the power they’ve obtained as the market has changed and streaming music has become more prevalent than actually purchasing music. The removal of exclusivity would increase the potential reach of any given album, but more importantly it should stop streaming services from acting as de-facto record labels and securing artists on their roster like Apple has done with Chance The Rapper or Tidal has with Beyoncé and Lil Wayne, allowing the artist to release music independently, sans label, at their leisure. With a roster as large as UMG’s, the move is sure to make a dent but may not become the industry standard just yet. Exclusive rights are never truly exclusive, and mostly serve to allow one streaming service to have the album and or songs from a particular artist first and works two-fold for the artist: first, by releasing the music digitally first it prevents leaks that are customary with physical product and second, it allows them an extra revenue stream as record sales continue to plummet. Securing a deal with Apple, for example, often lands that artist’s music in playlists that are pushed by Apple, essentially giving the artist and their album a sales boost by placing the music onto consumers playlists even if they don’t choose to listen to that artist themselves. This practice may have been the cause of Drake’s astronomical sales of his album Views, and with all the special Frank Ocean playlists throughout the weekend it assuredly helped pad his sales of Blonde as well. It’s just a rumor for now, and practices within the company aren’t certain to become public knowledge, but their next big release from the Universal group will be telling. But what would be more telling is if another music conglomerate follows suit, and that could be the death knell for streaming exclusivity entirety. Share This Facebook Twitter EMAIL TOPICS#Drake TAGSapple musicDrakespotifyTAYLOR SWIFTuniversal music group Around The Web Join The Discussion: Log In With Sign In With Facebook Sign In With Twitter Sign In With Email Profile By: Bansky Gonzalez 08.23.2016 @ 8:34 PM "What Does It Mean If Universal Music Group Is Really Banning Streaming Exclusives?" Profile By: AveAtqueVale 08.23.2016 @ 11:49 PM It means they want to make money. Cancel reply View all comments Also Universal Could Potentially Sue Frank Ocean For Releasing ‘Blonde’ John Gotty 08.24.16 3 months ago • 7 Comments Universal Music Isn’t Fully Banning Streaming Exclusives, But It’s Still Scared Of Being Left Behind Eddie Fu 3 months ago Lil Wayne’s Lawsuit Against Universal Is Being Tossed Out For Now Bansky Gonzalez 08.03.16 4 months ago LIKE TWEET Willie Nelson’s Love Affair With Weed Made Him An Outlaw And A Country Music Revolutionary Christian Long 11.22.16 1 day ago LIKE TWEET How ‘Above The Rim’ Merged Streetball And Hip-Hop To Make A Cautionary Tale About Choices Jason Tabrys and Keith Reid-Cleveland 11.18.16 5 days ago • 6 Comments LIKE TWEET Look For The Star: How Starter Jackets Became The Iconic Clothing Of The Early ’90s Jamie Cooper 11.14.16 1 week ago • 9 Comments LIKE TWEET The Story Of The Fugees’ Bitter Breakup And Unforgettable Legacy Carl Williott 11.10.16 2 weeks ago • 13 Comments LIKE TWEET How TV And Evolving Media Technology Changed The American Presidency Jason Tabrys 11.08.16 2 weeks ago LIKE TWEET How ‘Locker Room Talk’ And Casual Misogyny Are Making Conventions Intolerable For Cosplayers Alyssa Fikse 10.31.16 3 weeks ago • 28 Comments UPROXX Job at Uproxx Contact Advertising About UPROXX Privacy Policy Staff Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Jump to Navigation Advertisement Search form Search Username * Password * Create new account Request new password Home Page News Opinion Quoted Industry Today's New Track Good Friday You are hereHome › News › Apple Music, UMG Now Oceans Apart › Apple Music, UMG Now Oceans Apart By External Source Wed, 08/24/2016 - 08:31 Frank Ocean is either having a 'Blond' moment or fearful he's off Lucian Grainge's Super Bowl party list this year. It is the story of the year, and a game-changer that will re-write the book on how the recording biz deals with tech firms, and artist contracts. The unholy alliance between the majors and the tech giants just turned ugly, and the fallout hasn’t even begun to start. Or has it? One theory suggests the whole mess was orchestrated from the get-go. Hits Daily Double -- Along with the bombshell release of Frank Ocean’s Apple exclusive Blonde comes the bombshell news that the artist is no longer signed to Universal. It seems that his Endless visual album, released just prior to Blonde, satisfied his contractual commitment to UMG; Blonde, credited to the Boys Don’t Cry label (and distributed by Fresh Produce), is Ocean’s free and clear. Meaning he reaps 70% of the revenue from sales and streams, rather than the 20% of 70% (namely 14%) he would be entitled to on a major label. Some looming questions, among many: How much did Apple pay/advance to Ocean for the exclusive? Given the expected windfall Ocean will realize under this arrangement, how many other superstar acts will follow suit when their contracts with the majors come up for renewal? The implications of this story go the heart of industry policy regarding digital exclusives. For more on that, go here And Music Business Worldwide leads this morning with the following: For a long time, many of us assumed Frank Ocean’s highly anticipated comeback record would be called Boys Don’t Cry. We were wrong. It’s not the name of his new album. It’s the name of his new label. Ocean has technically released two LPs in the past week… and it turns out only one of them arrived via Universal. Eagle-eyed observers have noticed that Ocean’s long-awaited audio album, Blonde, has actually been self-released. It is marked on Apple Music and iTunes as (p) Boys Don’t Cry, with no mention of UMG or Ocean’s former label home, Island Def Jam. So how has Ocean got away with it? The suggestion is that the New Orleans-born star had one more album to fulfill in his contract with Universal. That obligation was apparently chalked up with the release of Endless – a ‘visual album’ which arrived on Apple Music on August 19, featuring the likes of James Blake and Sampha. – Continue reading here And if you want to understand the implications, read this headline in The Guardian: Universal reportedly outlaws streaming 'exclusives' after Frank Ocean release. This reportedly attributable to Bob Lefsetz who first broke the story. As for the theory that there's more to this than meets the eye, Digital Music News' Paul Resnikoff drops a bombshell on top of the above bombshell, noting that both Ocean's albums are widely available on unauthorized web sites, including SoundCloud and Google Drive. "Ocean and his label, Universal Music Group, are major copyright owners of both albums.  So why aren’t they doing more to take down obviously infringing copies from obvious places like Google Drive? The answer, unfortunately for Apple, seems to be that they don’t want to," Resnikoff speculates. It's a wild story, on top of a story that's pretty wild to begin with. You can read the entire Resnikoff story here.                Other articles published this day Dominique Zgarka Forges Ahead With ILS Wednesday, 31/08/16 After nearly 30 years in the music industry, he is still pursuing his passion as a global distributor and entrepreneur. read more Around The Dial: Broadcast and Media News For Today Wednesday, 31/08/16 A column about media, broadcasting and the regulatory environment. read more FYI Industry Profile: Cosmo Ferraro of The Cameron House Wednesday, 31/08/16 Cosmo Ferraro is one busy guy. As well as running Toronto live music fixture The Cameron House, he heads an independent record label and plays in a band of brothers, Ferraro. Learn more of his fascinating story in this FYI Industry Profile. read more Liner Notes: Bullet News For August 31 Wednesday, 31/08/16 Today's roundup includes news of a new album from Martha Wainwright (pictured here), Dolly riding high, Bieber breaking records, the welcome return of De La Soul, Sturgill Simpson stirring it up, and much more. read more Garth Brooks Among Stars Praising Myles Goodwyn Wednesday, 31/08/16 The Canadian Music Hall Of Fame member is lauded by plenty of his peers for Just Between You And Me, his upcoming autobiography, out October 18, 2016. read more View the discussion thread. Search form Search Subscribe to our Newsletter Name Email Subscribe Ads Sidebar Block AdvertisementAdvertise with us!!! Unison - Sidebar Jump back to navigation Today's Most Popular Bell Media Partners with Sol Guy's DAIS 22/11/16 News Around The Dial: Broadcast & Media News Today 22/11/16 News Garth Brooks' Box Set Is A Blockbuster, But Billboard Won't Chart It 22/11/16 News Liner Notes: Bullet News For November 22nd 22/11/16 News Jump back to navigation   FYI Music News is a site updated weekdays, written for and about Canada's music and music industry. Its newsletter is subscribed to by music industry professionals and neophytes, government agencies, associations, musicians, and music fans—it offers a tightly written digest of key events and news of the day in Canada and beyond at the start of each workday. The FYI website provides expanded features—including a weekly 'Careers' section, and columns of interest by musician, composer, journalist, and jazz aficionado Bill King. Mail: david@fyimusicnews.ca Follow Us Subscribe to our RSS Feed Follow us on Twitter Be a fan on Facebook Follow us via Mail © 2016 FYI Music News     Supported by Slaight Music, CIMA and Music Canada
About About Disclaimer Privacy Policy Contact Us Submit Music Advertise With Us Play It On The Radio Saturday Spotlight Home Music New Mixtape: Boosie Badazz – ‘Happy Thanksgiving & Merry Christmas’ New Music: DeJ Loaf – ‘In The Air’ (Remix) Listen To Prince’s First Posthumous Single ‘Moonbeam Levels’ All Music Freestyles Mixtapes Videos New Video: Bilal – ‘Pleasure Toy’ (Feat. Big K.R.I.T.) The Weeknd – ‘M A N I A’ (Short Film) New Video: Meek Mill – ‘On The Regular’ All Videos News & Rumors Lupe Fiasco Sends Message To Kanye West (Video) Gucci Mane Proposes To Girlfriend Keyshia Ka’oir at Hawks-Pelicans Game (Video) Chance The Rapper Reportedly Cancels Rest of European Tour Due to “Personal Reasons” All News & Rumors Features All Features Album Reviews All Categories Music & Music Videos Music Mixtapes Freestyles Saturday Spotlight Videos Play It On The Radio News & More News & Rumors Albums & Singles Cover Art Year End List Live Performances Exclusive Interviews Interviews Features Tickets By Navjosh News & RumorsAugust 23, 2016 Universal Music CEO Lucian Grainge Reportedly Orders End of Exclusive Releases For Artists on Roster 1 comment --Advertisement-- Is this the first sign of the fierce streaming wars being over? Ever since downloads took a backseat and streaming became the priority for artists and labels, there has been a lot of talk around “exclusive” releases. Over the past 18 months or so, some of the biggest artists in the world have chosen to go for an exclusive window of release with one service or another, but the major players in the cold war have been Apple and TIDAL. RELATED Album Review: Frank Ocean – ‘Blonde’ Teyana Taylor Hadn’t Seen The ‘Fade’ Video Before It Aired on MTV VMAs While artists such as Beyonce, Jay Z and Kanye West have favored TIDAL (where they own a stake), Frank Ocean and Drake have signed deals with Apple Music for their albums. It’s now an open secret that the artists receive some sort of extra compensation for the exclusivity, although none of the streaming companies have revealed the amounts so far. Some argue that the “exclusive” releases are good in the long run because it keeps filling the artists’ pockets but others believe that the practice is very “anti-consumer” and thus needs to stop as soon as possible. The latter section of folks also believes that it is almost unfair trade practice and that the music fan should be left open to decide which service(s) he/she wants to subscribe to, based solely on the quality and user experience. Last month, Kanye West, who himself released his latest album The Life of Pablo exclusively on TIDAL, surprised many when he ranted about the Tidal-Apple “beef” and supported the theory that it’s messing up the music industry. So who is going to take the first step? According to legendary music critic and analyst Bob Lefsetz (you can read about him here if you are unaware of his credentials), Chairman and CEO of Universal Music Group, Lucian Grainge has sent an email to all executives in the company to end all future exclusive releases for artists on its roster. Lefsetz revealed this in an email sent out to subscribers of his newsletter. “Lucian Grainge sent out an email to Universal executives today ending all future exclusives with Universal artists.” Just a couple days ago, Lefsetz sent out a newsletter to his subscribers ranting about the trend of exclusive releases and slammed Frank Ocean for following it just to make some extra money. If this development is true, it is indeed a huge one. Remember that Universal Music Group is the parent company for labels like Republic (Drake), Def Jam (Kanye West, G.O.O.D. Music, Frank Ocean, Justin Bieber), Interscope (Eminem, Dr. Dre) and many more. If this goes through, it will certainly be another twist in the ever changing music industry which continues to struggle in terms of finding a way of making all players in the game happy. UPDATE: Leading digital streaming service Deezer, who recently made its official entry into the U.S. just a few days ago, has released a statement to HHNM in light of Universal’s reported stand. Deezer has voiced its opinion in favor of non-exclusives in interest of the consumers. “We want to offer our users the best possible experience, and support artists by providing a fair and legal streaming service. We believe exclusives often compromise both of these by encouraging piracy and locking users into services they don’t want. While exclusives provide a short term benefit to the service, they ultimately pose more limitations on musicians creating a barrier between artists and their fans.” More on our site Lupe Fiasco Sends Message To Kanye West (Video) Gucci Mane Proposes To Girlfriend Keyshia Ka’oir at Hawks-Pelicans Game (Video) Chance The Rapper Reportedly Cancels Rest of European Tour Due to “Personal Reasons” RATE THIS: Loading... Follow @HipHopNMore Guest It would only be ironic if he was praising Frank Ocean’s exclusivity, and then he sent out a letter shutting down exclusive streams. If he slammed an exclusive release a week early, then banned his company from releasing exclusive streaming the next, that would be expected. Not ironic. Latest Posts Videos New Video: Bilal – ‘Pleasure Toy’ (Feat. Big K.R.I.T.) Videos The Weeknd – ‘M A N I A’ (Short Film) Mixtapes New Mixtape: Boosie Badazz – ‘Happy Thanksgiving & Merry Christmas’ Videos New Video: Meek Mill – ‘On The Regular’ Trending 🔥 New Music: Trey Songz – ‘Comin Home’ The Weeknd – ‘Starboy’ (Album Track List) Iggy Azalea Goes Topless For GQ Australia Shoot 2008-2016 HIPHOP-N-MORE. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Back to top SUBSCRIBE TO             RECEIVE BREAKING NEWS & MUSIC IN OUR NEWSLETTER Sign Up We never share your email with any 3rd party. You can unsubscribe at any time. X THANKS FOR SUBSCRIBING. YOU WILL LOVE THE UPDATES, WE PROMISE! X
Features 10 Best Songs Album Of The Week Band To Watch Best Covers But Who's Buying? Cover Story Counting Down Interview Premature Evaluation Shut Up Dude Sounding Board Status Ain't Hood Straight To Video The 5 Best Songs Of The Week The Anniversary The Black Market The Week In Pop Ultimate Playlist Where's The Beef? All Features the latest // Status Ain't Hood E-40 Is A National Treasure Songs Videos Lists Share < br />this article: Will Frank Ocean’s Blonde Switcheroo Get Him Sued By Universal? Collin Robinson @slangsyllables | August 24, 2016 - 6:42 pm Share < br />this article: Frank Ocean released about as much music over the past week or so as he had in his entire career up to that point. In doing so, he may have pulled a fast one on Universal. The “visual album” Endless was released through Def Jam/Universal Music Group as an Apple exclusive, but Blond(e) was released the next day as an Apple exclusive on Frank’s own label, Boys Don’t Cry, without any affiliation to Def Jam or Universal. According to Billboard, Ocean increased his potential profit share of total revenues from Blond(e) from 14% to 70% within 24 hours, cutting Universal out of the equation almost entirely. With Endless, Ocean has in theory fulfilled his contractual obligation to Universal, but the album has definitely been overshadowed by the proper followup to 2012’s Channel Orange, which is projected to move 225,000 to 250,000 equivalent album units from streams on Apple Music. So now the label is up shit’s creek with a secondhand album attached to essentially a lengthy music video, and one of their most promising and lucrative artists jumping ship to go independent. It seems Universal didn’t know about Blond(e) judging from the quick action taken by UMG chairman/CEO Lucian Grainge to ban all UMG artists from doing any future streaming exclusive deals, though it hasn’t been confirmed that move was a reaction to Ocean’s album specifically. As a recording artist fulfilling the duties of a contract with an album, the label generally has stipulations preventing the artist from releasing another competing body of work within a certain amount of time, and the label has discretion as to whether the album is an acceptable level of quality. So even though Billboard reported that Def Jam blew $2 million on recording costs for what was then Boys Don’t Cry, it appears that Ocean, maybe through an advance via his new deal with Apple or a private investor as some sources have reported, paid that amount back to Def Jam and relinquished him from any recoupable claims from Def Jam/UMG. But the quality stipulation and the timeframe in which the albums were released could give Universal grounds to sue Ocean. Universal will surely miss out on a lot of potential sales with Blond(e) projected to easily be #1 this week. So it’s not farfetched that they may take legal action. This could be a doozy. Tags: Frank Ocean Recommended for you Frank Ocean Talks Record Sales, Furniture, “Colin Kaepernick” Grammy Boycott In First Blonde Interview Kanye West Says He Won’t Attend The Grammys If Frank Ocean Isn’t Nominated Frank Ocean’s First Interview In Years Aired On C-SPAN Chance The Rapper, Frank Ocean Attending Tonight’s White House State Dinner Frank Ocean’s Blonde & Endless Ineligible For 2017 Grammys Alex G Reveals His Role On Frank Ocean’s Blonde Comments Show the rest of the comments Stereogum Digest Thank you for signing up for our newsletter. You will receive a confirmation shortly. Sign Up Play The ‘Gum Mix Play the Gum Mix In Case You Missed It 30 Essential Post-Rock Songs 26 Essential Songs From The NYC Rock Resurgence 30 Essential Songs From The Golden Era Of Emo MOBILE SITE Stereogum is part of SpinMedia About Stereogum About SpinMedia Advertise Contact SpinMedia Privacy Policy Copyright SpinMedia | SPIN / VIBE / Celebuzz / The Superficial / The Frisky / Death and Taxes / Stereogum / Go Fug Yourself / Celebslam / Sounds Like Nashville   Close   Username Password Remember me   Not a member? Sign Up / Forgot your password? Sign in with Facebook   Email Username Password Confirm Password Sign in with Facebook Already a member? Sign In   Please enter your account email address, we'll send you an email with instructions to reset your password: Cancel
To enjoy our website, you'll need to enable JavaScript in your web browser. Please click here to learn how. Vine Report HOME U.S. SCIENCE/HEALTH WORLD ENTERTAINMENT TECH LIFE&STYLE Subscriptions Home TECH Apple Watch 2 release date, specs rumors: More iPhone-independent smartwatch tipped for launch this year Karissa Dumaraog Aug 26, 2016 8:20 AM Like Us Share on Facebook Share on Twitter (REUTERS/Beck Diefenbach)An Apple Watch in rose gold color is displayed during an Apple media event. 2016 is almost coming to an end and yet there is still no substantial announcement from Apple with regard to their next-generation smartwatch. Turning one since its debut earlier this April, the Apple Watch still continues to be the only iteration of the device from the tech giant. Specs-wise, there have been numerous speculations of what the Apple Watch 2 will bring to the table. Given that between now and last year, there have also been a lot of releases from competitors that have their own patented features, Apple is expected to infuse new things onto their product. Given this, fans are also advised not to expect that much deviation from what the debut piece is already as the company is also building its identity as a smart device. The forthcoming device is said to be a much more independent gadget compared to its predecessor. Rumor has it that the Cupertino-based company is continuously working to make the Apple Watch 2 a stand-alone device that users can rely on without much help from the iPhone. With this, the improvement will need some additional components like a SIM card of its own as well as its corresponding system, both in terms of hardware and software. This would not be much of a problem with the technological advancements recently but the question is whether Apple was able to nab of these or not during their development process. Other notable additions that may come in the Apple Watch 2 include a better Global Positioning System (GPS). Since the goal is to have it be usable on its own and with its current tracker heavily reliant on the iPhone, it would be one of the list-toppers in terms of improvements for the device. The battery life is also one of the main gripes of Apple Watch users who say that the device can barely last a couple of hours. With rumors of a sleeker body with a bigger battery, this might also be one of the significant changes for the upcoming smartwatch. No official release date for the supposed Apple Watch 2 has been disclosed but industry insiders are expecting a new iteration later this year. Like Us on Facebook Hot News 'Destiny 2' may be set on Mars, featuring new subclasses of Guardians... Samsung Galaxy A8 spotted at benchmarking site; Spy shots suggest a curved edge display?... 'Attack on Titan' chapter 86: Dr. Yeager's books may contain vital information about world history, ... 'Gotham' season 3 spoilers: Fish Mooney returns with a vengeance and better powers; Jim Gordon at hi... Other News Xiaomi Mi Note 2 release date: next-gen device rumored to arrive on September 24 with three variants 'One Piece' chapter 840 spoilers, news: What is Yonji planning? Are the Vinsmokes cyborgs? 'Star Wars Episode 8' spoilers, news: Adam Driver notes similarities with 'The Empire Strikes Back' Microsoft Surface Phone release date specs: promo photo may have been leaked 'Sense8' season 2 spoilers, air date: Kala and Rajan to end up together? Sikander Kher's villainous role may go against Wolfgang 'GTA 6' release date, gameplay rumors: E3 2017 announcement possible, launch in 2018 or 2020? Microsoft Surface Book 2 release date, specs: Latest news solidify supposed October launch macOS Sierra release date update: Apple releases second GM less than a week before OS debuts 'Pokémon GO' Buddy System cheats, tips, tricks: Switch Buddy Pokémon without losing total distance traveled 'One Piece' chapter 840 spoilers, plot: Sanji forced to marry Pudding by his Vinsmoke family? VINEREPORT HOME U.S. WORLD ENTERTAINMENT SCIENCE/HEALTH TECH LIFE Copyright © 2016 Vine Report. All Rights Reserved. About Us Advertising Privacy Policy Like us on facebook I already like you / Not now Your browser does not support JavaScript. Enable JavaScript or use a browser that supports it to use bublaa. ?>
Trending: App Dev Cloud Data Center Mobile Open Source Security Deep Dives Reviews Resources/White Papers Search infoworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. First look: Visual Studio for Mac is here at last, almost Why a cross-platform Microsoft is good for your business SharePoint 2013 cheat sheet Review: Spark lights up machine learning More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Analytics All Analytics Big Data Business Intelligence Application Development All Application Development Java JavaScript Node.js Careers Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Storage IaaS PaaS SaaS Collaboration Databases All Databases Hadoop NoSQL Datacenters All Datacenters Devops Disaster Recovery Systems Management Hardware Internet of Things Mobile All Mobile Android BYOD Mobile Apps Mobile Development Mobile Management iOS Networking All Networking Internet SDN Wi-Fi Open Source Operating Systems All Operating Systems Linux MacOS Microsoft Windows Security Software All Software Browsers Desktop Software Office Software Storage Virtualization See All Technologies News Blogs Reviews Tech Watch Insider articles Newsletters Deep Dives Slideshows Video Resources/White Papers × Close Home Operating Systems Linux IDG Contributor Network Want to Join? Eye on Open By Jim Lynch star Thought Leader |Follow Linux breathes new life into old Mac computers Also in today's open source roundup: 8 Linux file managers to try, and Pokemon GO has lost millions of players InfoWorld | Aug 24, 2016 Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Francois Schnell via Creative Commons More like this Will Linux run well on a MacBook? Is Linux Mint 18 the best desktop operating system? Why did Gentoo Linux fade into obscurity? Video How IBM's Watson will change cybersecurity Linux and old Mac computers Apple is known for its planned obsolescence strategy that encourages customers to upgrade their Macs every so often. This can result in older Macs that can't update to the latest version of macOS, but are still perfectly functional computers that can perform many everyday computing tasks such as web browsing, word processing, image editing, etc. So what can you do with an older Mac that no longer gets macOS updates? You can install Linux and breathe new life into that old Mac computer. Distributions such as Ubuntu, Linux Mint, Fedora and others offer a way to continue using an older Mac that would otherwise be cast aside. Phil Shapiro reports for FOSS Force: These days, thanks to Apple’s move to Intel about a decade back, bringing new life to an old Mac by installing your favorite Linux distro is just as easy as it is with a standard PC, as you will see in this video. All Macintosh computers from about 2006 onwards were made using Intel CPUs and installing Linux on these computers is a breeze. You don’t need to download any Mac specific distro — just choose your favorite distro and install away. About 95 percent of the time you’ll be able to use the 64-bit version of the distro. On CoreDuo Macs, from 2006, you’ll need to use a 32-bit version. Here is a screencast video I made on a revived Macbook that came into my hands recently. I downloaded Linux Mint 18 Xfce 64-bit ISO, burned it to DVD, inserted it into the Macbook (after the Macbook was turned on) and then booted the Macbook from DVD by holding the the letter “C” (which tells the Mac to boot from the optical drive). More at FOSS Force The article on FOSS Force about using old Macs to run Linux caught the attention of Linux redditors and they shared their thoughts about it: IBlowAtCoding: “Linux is very modular and customizable. Upgrading to latest OSX with old hardware is definitely going to see a performance decrease but doing so with Linux it may not be the case. For example, you could choose a more bare bones distribution, you could choose a very simple desktop environment (Openbox instead of Unity), etc. I even have some shit laptop with the latest Debian where I don’t even run a GUI at all and just use the terminal and tmux.” Faissaloo: “…with OSX you have a choice between incompatibility and planned obsolescence. With Linux you get neither.” Maximiliankolb: “i don’t want to be judgmental in any kind of way, but using machines slower than a new raspi3 for 30$ is probably a waste of resources itself. as others have pointed out, they just use a hell lot of power, while not being reliable. the effort to support all those different models is too high, comparing to a fairly standard and well tested raspi3 setup. i like using used/ refurbished machines, but there are boundaries!” Noxygen: “I still use an IMac from 2008 under linux. As the screen is good and big, and power consumption quite low, it makes a perfect second computer for monitoring and administrating my rtmp server.” BaronVonD: “You can also download a PowerPC version of Deb/Ubuntu for even older Macs, run that using lxde or any other light weight environment. I have an iMac G3 that I was trying to get Lubuntu installed, just for fun. Had some issues on install, so I haven’t done much with that, but I might try again today.” CompsciKinder: “I run g4 and g5 powermac with ubuntu ppc. Works great still great cpus! I use them for testing software for specific use cases so I don’t care about efficiency.” Tiv: “Just keep in mind that there are Macs out there that have a 32-bit UEFI implementation and a 64-bit CPU. Which means that downloading a 64-bit distro doesn’t automatically guarantee that you can boot from it. Some distros don’t include EFI stubs for both architectures. Canonical at some point shipped a specific EFI+Mac version for that reason I believe. If you encounter this problem just use rEFInd and be done with it.” Macbookairquestion: “Apple want you to replace their products every several years. I had to deal with a 2008 MacBook Air. It is not supported by the latest OS X versions. The latest OS X which is running on it (Lion) does not get any security updates anymore. Linux is a good the only way to continue to use this well manufactured computer for average tasks in a secure manner.” AlwaysManaged: “Just out of curiosity, how is this “reviving” the computer? If it already had OSX on it, why not just restore it to factory settings and upgrade it to whatever the latest release it’ll run is? I don’t see how installing linux makes a difference for the hardware…OSX is already a unix-based OS.” Djxfade: “Because in the case of Mac’s that Apple have abandoned, like the PPC hardware, the first few Intel generations etc. they can only run old and unsupported OS X versions. On the PowerPC hardware, you are screwed, because it is permanently stuck on Leopard, a 10 year old OS. By installing a flavor of Linux, you get access to the latest software, security patches, and a modern browser. The older Safari versions are useless today.” More at Reddit 8 Linux file managers to try Linux offers a wide range of choices when it comes to file managers. A writer at opensource.com has a helpful overview of 8 Linux file managers worth using. David Both reports for opensource.com: One of the most common administrative tasks that end users and administrators alike need to perform is file management. Managing files can consume a major portion of your time. Locating files, determining which files and folders (directories) are taking the most disk space, deleting files, moving files, and simply opening files for use in an application are some of the most basic—yet frequent—tasks we do as computer users. File management programs are tools that are intended to streamline and simplify those necessary chores. Many people aren’t aware of the wide array of choices available in file managers, nor do they realize the full capabilities of the ones they do know about. As with every aspect of Linux, there are many options available for file managers. The most common ones provided by my favorite distribution, Fedora, are: Midnight Commander Konqueror Dolphin Krusader Nautilus Thunar PCmanFM XFE More at Opensource.com Pokemon GO has lost millions of players Pokemon GO took the mobile gaming world by storm when it was first released, quickly becoming one of the most popular games on Android and iOS devices. But now the game is losing millions of players, and its popularity might prove to very short lived indeed. Tom Mendelsohn reports for Ars Technica: It had almost 45 million daily users in July, but this figure appears to have sunk by more than 12 million since the start of August, to just over 30 million said to be playing Pokémon Go. Further decline is expected, as downloads, engagement, and the time users spend on the app have all also visibly flopped, according to data provided by Sensor Tower, SurveyMonkey, and Apptopia. Bloomberg, which saw the raw data, reported that other major apps such as Twitter, Facebook, and Snapchat “can breathe a sigh of relief” that Pokémon Go is finally wobbling, as the game’s popularity had apparently been costing them considerable amounts of users. Developer Niantic is persevering with the game, however, and is due to release version 0.35.0 for Android and 1.5.0 for iOS. According to the patch notes, players “will now be able to learn about a Pokémon’s attack and defence capabilities from their Team Leader to determine which of their Pokémon have the most potential for battle.” More at Ars Technica Did you miss a roundup? Check the Eye On Open home page to get caught up with the latest news about open source and Linux. This article is published as part of the IDG Contributor Network. Want to Join? To comment on this article and other InfoWorld content, visit InfoWorld's LinkedIn page, Facebook page and Twitter stream. Related: Linux Macs Open Source Android Jim Lynch is a technology analyst and online community manager. Jim has written for many leading industry publications over the years. The opinions expressed in this blog are those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of InfoWorld, ITworld, CIO.com, IDG Communications, or their parent, subsidiary or affiliated companies. From CIO: 8 Free Online Courses to Grow Your Tech Skills You Might Like Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. Most Read 10 reasons you shouldn't upgrade to Windows 10 You may still be better off sticking with Win7 or Win8.1, given the wide range of ongoing Win10... The case against Windows 10 Anniversary Update grows Microsoft releases KB 3161647, KB 3161608 to fix slow Windows 7 update scans Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews, and analyses on your favorite technology topics. Get our InfoWorld Daily Newsletter: Go Windows 10 upgrade stuck at 99 percent? Here are your options Now that we're down to the wire, many upgraders report that the installer hangs. If this happens to... 2 easy steps to speed up Windows 7 Update scans Based on a technique created by a German blogger, here's how to stop wasting hours checking for Windows... Resources Video/Webcast Sponsored 3 Tips to Deliver Fast Performance Across Mobile Web White Paper Big Data for Good: Using Data & Analytics to Benefit Society (And Make Money) White Paper Closing the Customer-Experience Gap with Digital-Performance Management Video/Webcast Sponsored From 0 to DevOps in 80 Days: Lessons Learned Moving from On-Prem to Cloud Native White Paper Harnessing the Three Forms of Big Data Analytics Innovation Go Top Stories First look: Visual Studio for Mac is here at last Xamarin-inspired IDE will allow C# and F# programmers to develop for iOS, Mac, and Android on a single... Disney's best releases may be its open source tools From animation to MacOS admin tools, the animation giant opens up Why Amazon picked MXNet for deep learning Amazon plans to further develop this compact and versatile machine learning framework. Hosting it at... NativeScript deepens ties to Angular 2 The JavaScript framework's 2017 road map includes accommodations for Chrome tools and Windows 10 Sponsored Links Where do you stack up with your IT counterparts on cloud investment? InfoWorld Follow us Analytics Application Development Careers Cloud Computing Collaboration Databases Datacenters Hardware Internet of Things Mobile Networking Open Source Operating Systems Security Software Storage Virtualization News Blogs Reviews Insider Resources Newsletters About Us Contact Privacy Policy Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 1994 - 2016 InfoWorld, Inc. All rights reserved. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
null
News Election 2016 Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news US election Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Lifestyle Tech News Facebook, Twitter and Google are ‘the lifeblood of Daesh’, according to major new report into Isis use of social media Authorities must launch a ‘star wars’ task force that would monitor the networks and stop them being used for terrorist recruitment, according to senior MPs Andrew Griffin @_andrew_griffin Wednesday 24 August 2016 23:36 BST Click to follow The Independent Tech Anjem Choudary, who was convicted for inciting extremism over social media, during a rally in London EPA Authorities should launch a new “star wars” to take on Google, Facebook and Twitter and stop them enabling extremists and terrorists, according to MPs. Social media giants are “consciously failing” to stop their sites being used to promote terrorism and recruit extremists, a new report by the Home Affairs Select Committee says. Those sites – including Twitter, Facebook and YouTube – have become “the vehicle of choice in spreading propaganda and the recruiting platforms for terrorism”, according to a major new report. Those platforms are “the lifeblood of Daesh”, according to Labour MP Keith Vaz, chair of the committee. Gadgets and tech news in pictures 38 show all Gadgets and tech news in pictures 1/38 A concept car by Trumpchi from GAC Group is shown at the International Automobile Exhibition in Guangzhou, China Rex 2/38 A Mirai fuel cell vehicle by Toyota is displayed at the International Automobile Exhibition in Guangzhou, China Reuters 3/38 A visitor tries a Nissan VR experience at the International Automobile Exhibition in Guangzhou, China Reuters 4/38 A man looks at an exhibit entitled 'Mimus' a giant industrial robot which has been reprogrammed to interact with humans during a photocall at the new Design Museum in South Kensington, London Getty 5/38 A new Israeli Da-Vinci unmanned aerial vehicle manufactured by Elbit Systems is displayed during the 4th International conference on Home Land Security and Cyber in the Israeli coastal city of Tel Aviv Getty 6/38 Electrification Guru Dr. Wolfgang Ziebart talks about the electric Jaguar I-PACE concept SUV before it was unveiled before the Los Angeles Auto Show in Los Angeles, California, U.S Reuters 7/38 The Jaguar I-PACE Concept car is the start of a new era for Jaguar. This is a production preview of the Jaguar I-PACE, which will be revealed next year and on the road in 2018 AP 8/38 Japan's On-Art Corp's CEO Kazuya Kanemaru poses with his company's eight metre tall dinosaur-shaped mechanical suit robot 'TRX03' and other robots during a demonstration in Tokyo, Japan Reuters 9/38 Japan's On-Art Corp's eight metre tall dinosaur-shaped mechanical suit robot 'TRX03' Reuters 10/38 Japan's On-Art Corp's eight metre tall dinosaur-shaped mechanical suit robot 'TRX03' performs during its unveiling in Tokyo, Japan Reuters 11/38 Singulato Motors co-founder and CEO Shen Haiyin poses in his company's concept car Tigercar P0 at a workshop in Beijing, China Reuters 12/38 Singulato Motors' concept car Tigercar P0 Reuters 13/38 The interior of Singulato Motors' concept car Tigercar P0 at a workshop in Beijing, China Reuters 14/38 A picture shows Singulato Motors' concept car Tigercar P0 at a workshop in Beijing, China Reuters 15/38 Connected company president Shigeki Tomoyama addresses a press briefing as he elaborates on Toyota's "connected strategy" in Tokyo. The Connected company is a part of seven Toyota in-house companies that was created in April 2016 Getty 16/38 A Toyota Motors employee demonstrates a smartphone app with the company's pocket plug-in hybrid (PHV) service on the cockpit of the latest Prius hybrid vehicle during Toyota's "connected strategy" press briefing in Tokyo Getty 17/38 An exhibitor charges the battery cells of AnyWalker, an ultra-mobile chasis robot which able to move in any kind of environment during Singapore International Robo Expo Getty 18/38 A robot with a touch-screen information apps stroll down the pavillon at the Singapore International Robo Expo Getty 19/38 An exhibitor demonstrates the AnyWalker, an ultra-mobile chasis robot which able to move in any kind of environment during Singapore International Robo Expo Getty 20/38 Robotic fishes swim in a water glass tank displayed at the Korea pavillon during Singapore International Robo Expo Getty 21/38 An employee shows a Samsung Electronics' Gear S3 Classic during Korea Electronics Show 2016 in Seoul, South Korea Reuters 22/38 Visitors experience Samsung Electronics' Gear VR during the Korea Electronics Grand Fair at an exhibition hall in Seoul, South Korea Getty 23/38 People buy new iPhone models at a telecom shop in Seoul, South Korea Getty 24/38 People wait in line to buy new iPhone models at a telecom shop in Seoul, South Korea Getty 25/38 Amy Rimmer, Research Engineer at Jaguar Land Rover, demonstrates the car manufacturer's Advanced Highway Assist in a Range Rover, which drives the vehicle, overtakes and can detect vehicles in the blind spot, during the first demonstrations of the UK Autodrive Project at HORIBA MIRA Proving Ground in Nuneaton, Warwickshire PA wire 26/38 Ford EEBL Emergency Electronic Brake Lights is demonstrated during the first demonstrations of the UK Autodrive Project at HORIBA MIRA Proving Ground in Nuneaton, Warwickshire PA 27/38 Chris Burbridge, Autonomous Driving Software Engineer for Tata Motors European Technical Centre, demonstrates the car manufacturer's GLOSA V2X functionality, which is connected to the traffic lights and shares information with the driver, during the first demonstrations of the UK Autodrive Project at HORIBA MIRA Proving Ground in Nuneaton, Warwickshire PA wire 28/38 Full-scale model of 'Kibo' on display at the Space Dome exhibition hall of the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) Tsukuba Space Center, in Tsukuba, north-east of Tokyo, Japan EPA 29/38 Miniatures on display at the Space Dome exhibition hall of the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) Tsukuba Space Center, in Tsukuba, north-east of Tokyo, Japan. In its facilities, JAXA develop satellites and analyse their observation data, train astronauts for utilization in the Japanese Experiment Module 'Kibo' of the International Space Station (ISS) and develop launch vehicles EPA 30/38 The robot developed by Seed Solutions sings and dances to the music during the Japan Robot Week 2016 at Tokyo Big Sight. At this biennial event, the participating companies exhibit their latest service robotic technologies and components Getty 31/38 The robot developed by Seed Solutions sings and dances to music during the Japan Robot Week 2016 at Tokyo Big Sight Getty 32/38 Government and industry are working together on a robot-like autopilot system that could eliminate the need for a second human pilot in the cockpit AP 33/38 Aurora Flight Sciences' technicians work on an Aircrew Labor In-Cockpit Automantion System (ALIAS) device in the firm's Centaur aircraft at Manassas Airport in Manassas, Va. AP 34/38 Flight Simulator Stefan Schwart and Udo Klingenberg preparing a self-built flight simulator to land at Hong Kong airport, from Rostock, Germany EPA 35/38 Flight Simulator In recent months, computer specialists of the project MV-IT systems have built a Boeing 737-800 cockpit and reconstructed part of the cabin with 15 seats. The simulator will be officially opened on October 19, 2016 and able to 'land' at over 20,000 airfields in different weather conditions and at all times and seasons EPA 36/38 PlayStation VR The launch of PlayStation VR at the GAME Digital Westfield White City midnight launch GAME Digital 37/38 PlayStation VR An elated customer at the launch of PlayStation VR at the GAME Digital Westfield White City midnight launch. GAME Digital 38/38 PlayStation VR Customers wait in line to buy the Sony PlayStation virtual reality (PSVR) headset at the entrance of an electronics retail shop before its opening hours in Tokyo Getty He said: "Huge corporations like Google, Facebook and Twitter, with their billion-dollar incomes, are consciously failing to tackle this threat and passing the buck by hiding behind their supranational legal status, despite knowing that their sites are being used by the instigators of terror." Mr Vaz added: "The companies' failure to tackle this threat has left some parts of the internet ungoverned, unregulated and lawless." Read more Twitter bans hundreds of thousands of terrorist accounts In response the threat posed by those sites, British police need to launch a huge cyberweapon defence force – parallel to the “Star Wars” system that watches for nuclear attack – to monitor the sites and take down sensitive information, the report recommends. That hub would work around-the-clock to “locate the perils early, move quickly to block them and [would be] able to instantly share the sensitive information with other security agencies”. The committee said that it was “alarming” that at those sites “only a few hundred” employees monitor content. It also expressed disgust that some sites don’t actively report extremist content that they find to law enforcement agencies. According to official figures, there is thought to be around 800 UK-linked fighters that have travelled to Syria and Iraq since conflicts began. About half to those have returned to the UK, and terror-related incidents have increased by a third. That rise has been matched by police teams that are rapidly increasing the work they do to remove such content. A British police team works to take down such content, having nearly 300 pieces deleted each day. Anjem Choudary: Radical preacher found guilty of inviting support for Isis The committee called for those companies to publish statistics four times a year that set out how many sites and accounts have been deleted. The sites have done more to remove propaganda from their sites. Last week Twitter announced that it had removed 235,000 accounts for violating its extremism policies – bringing the total to 360,000 since the middle of last year, when it began an unprecedented crackdown. That announcement came the same week that cleric Anjem Choudhry was convicted of inviting support for Isis. Authorities said that before he was convicted they had run into trouble when trying to get his posts removed. More about: Isis Twitter Facebook Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
National World Business Tech Sport Entertainment Life & Style Travel Motoring Profile Settings Sign Out technology Search Digital Living Gadgets Games Social Networking Apps Google Duo v Apple Facetime: Video chat app showdown TROY WOLVERTON Last updated 11:07, August 25 2016 Google Google duo app will be available for Kiwis soon. Six years after Apple launched its video calling service, Google finally has an answer for FaceTime. Recently the search giant released Duo, its new video calling app, and I gave it a test run. Duo is due to be released in New Zealand and other countries soon.  Google designed Duo to be like FaceTime - easy to use. As with Apple's app, users can simply tap on a friend's name from their address book and connect. Duo has one big advantage over FaceTime - it allows Android users to place video calls to iPhone owners and vice versa. FaceTime only works on Apple devices. Google also gave Duo a cool feature that FaceTime lacks. Dubbed Knock Knock, it offers a kind of preview of the video call. Knock Knock allows the recipient of a call to see a live view of the person placing the call to get a sense not only of who is calling but why. Apple Apple offers Facetime for Mac computers, while Duo isn't available for the Mac or Windows PCs. And Duo has a simpler initial view than FaceTime. Where FaceTime's home screen offers a list of contacts users have recently called, Duo show users a view of themselves and a big "video call" button. If users tap on that button, they'll see a list of friends who they can call on the app. If they've placed calls recently, they'll also see thumbnail pictures of the friends they've contacted on the home screen. Those pictures act as buttons that allow them to make a quick follow-up video call. But in general, the app works much like FaceTime. Like Apple's app, it's only used for calling; users can't send text messages through it. As with FaceTime interactions, Duo encrypts calls, so users don't have to worry about someone spying on their conversations. And as with FaceTime, Duo automatically identifies people in users' address books who can be reached through the app. I did a quick test of Duo, which Google announced in May at its annual developer conference. It worked mostly as advertised. The video was generally smooth, although there was a hiccup in it. Ad Feedback The app is supposed to be able to keep a video call going even if your phone switches from wi-fi to a cellular network. But while talking with my daughter, the video of me cut out when I turned off my wi-fi radio. I was able to see her, but she could only hear me. My video resumed when I turned my wi-fi radio back on. Google is no stranger to video calling. Users of Google Talk could place video calls on their PCs eight years ago. Google Hangouts, which the company launched three years ago, allows users to connect on PCs and mobile devices and can be used for video conferences involving multiple people. And users of Google's Android operating system have numerous choices for video calling apps, including Skype, Facebook Messenger, and WeChat.  But until now, Android users haven't had something as easy and ubiquitous to use for video chats as FaceTime. While Hangouts comes preinstalled on most devices, it's a much more complicated app that can be difficult to use. With Skype, Facebook and other apps, users can typically only place video calls to people who are using the same app. And in some cases users have to know a person's often idiosyncratic logon name to connect. And the cellphone video services generally allow users to place video calls only to other users who have certain phones that are connected to the same cellular network. While Duo may be aimed at FaceTime, I'm not convinced it's going to convince iPhone users to switch to Android. But if it gets enough of a following, it could make it easier for iPhone users to at least consider making the move. Still, FaceTime, which debuted with Apple's iPhone 4 back in 2010, retains some advantages over Duo. Apple offers it for Mac computers, while Duo isn't available for the Mac or Windows PCs. FaceTime allows users to place audio-only calls, while Duo is focused on video ones. And FaceTime users can connect to people even if they don't know their phone number; FaceTime also recognises their email address.  - MCT Saved|Saved Stories Saved|Saved Stories Save|Saved Stories Save|Saved Stories Next Apps story: Nerve dare game in movie has real counterpart Technology Homepage Comments technology headlines Internet cable milestone No proof? Hold off social posts The impossible rocket to Mars iPod father's new smart karts Prank video crashing iPhones Facebook drone crash probed Internet a scary place for women Instagram now has live streaming High cost of 'free' games Mind-controlled car created Electric car smashes Nurburgring mark Can social media hurt your career? Apple to replace faulty batteries Fingers handy but not foolproof Note recall didn't damage Samsung Ad Feedback Most popular Viewed Shared Commented Salmon die suddenly after being released for Fish and Game event Teen burglars take $42,000 in goods in Raglan ram raid, sell online Hortense the huntsman's letterbox nursery is a web sensation IRD Wellington headquarters closed over suspected quake-struck stairwell Online laptop sale ends in robbery Michael Phelps explains why he was secretly married before the Rio Olympics Women cheat on men who don't do house chores - survey Bubbling phenomenon in Kaikoura could signal attraction for tourists and scientists Australian teen released as powder tests 'negative' in Bali, says lawyer Body found in Waikato river near Taupo Hortense the huntsman's letterbox nursery is a web sensation IRD Wellington headquarters closed over suspected quake-struck stairwell Legend not just living on, but alive and well Salmon die suddenly after being released for Fish and Game event GeoNet posts video showing the uplift of Kaikoura's coastline Dom Harvey: 'Running marathons saved my life' Henderson interests buy Sol Square A grim warning to baby boomers Women cheat on men who don't do house chores - survey What went wrong with Civil Defence's earthquake and tsunami response, and how can we fix it? special offers Ad Feedback National World Business Technology Sport Entertainment Life & Style Travel Motoring Stuff.co.nz About Us | Contact Us | View Mobile Site Subscribe Text | Follow us on Facebook and Twitter | Newspapers | Magazine subscriptions | RSS - Top Stories Services Stuff Fibre | Newspapers in Education | A-Z Directories | Online Advertising | Print Advertising | Careers Classifieds Death Notices | Celebrations | Trade Me | Jobs | Property | Motors | Accommodation | Personals | Newspaper Classifieds Newspapers Dominion Post | The Press | Waikato Times | Auckland Now | Sunday News | Sunday Star-Times   Marlborough Express | Manawatu Standard | Nelson Mail | Southland Times | Taranaki Daily News | Timaru Herald Other Sites Essential Mums | Cuisine | NZ House & Garden | NZ Fishing News | NZ Life & Leisure | NZ Gardener | Fairfax Archives Breaking news? Send us your photos, videos and tip-offs: Emailnewstips@stuff.co.nz Phone0800 697 8833 © 2016 Fairfax New Zealand Limited Privacy | Terms and Conditions
Gear & & & Style ☰ Home Features Email Newsletters Gear & Style Gadgets Apparel Grooming Health & Fitness Exercise Diet & Nutrition Stress & Sleep Relationships & Family Money & Career Productivity Career Advice Personal Finance Autos Industry Insights The Best Drives & Reviews Concepts & Rumors Luxury Hybrids & EVs Motorcycles Sports NFL NBA MLB NCAA Other Sports Entertainment Movies TV Gaming Music Books Culture States & Cities Food & Drink Travel More About Us Archive Jobs Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google+ Home / Gadgets / iPhone 7: How Will it Be Different From the iPhone 6? Jess Bolluyt More Articles August 27, 2016 Facebook Twitter Linkedin Googleplus Stumbleupon Reddit The Apple store | Kena Betancur/Getty Images Whether you’re an avid reader of Apple-focused blogs and make a point of staying up-to-date on the latest news to come out of the Apple rumor mill, or you’re a casual iPhone user who doesn’t always remember which iPhone model you’re using, it can be pretty confusing to keep all the different iPhone models straight. There’s a new iPhone every year, which means that it often feels like it’s more often a bad time to buy an iPhone than not, and each new generation makes improvements in some areas while keeping other specifications and features the same as the previous model. There’s a segment of the internet that loves nothing more than trying to figure out what’s going to be included in the next iPhone before it launches. So by the time there’s a new iPhone coming out, like the iPhone 7 that Apple is expected to launch in September, there have been countless blog posts written about it, and innumerable rumors that have been revised and re-evaluated over and over again. That makes it difficult to figure out exactly how an upcoming iPhone is going to compare to another model, particularly if that model is a year or two back in Apple’s lineup. But if you’re wondering how the upcoming iPhone 7 is going to compare to the iPhone 6, you’re in luck. We’ve done the dirty work for you, digging up all of the rumors about what the iPhone 7 is going to include and comparing them with the specifications and features that Apple chose for the iPhone 6. Read on to check out how the iPhone 7 will be different from the iPhone 6. iPhone 6 features vs. iPhone 7 features iPhones at the Apple store | S. Alemdar/Getty Images Camera: The iPhone 7 is expected to feature some pretty impressive camera updates, including a possible dual-camera design for the iPhone 7 Plus. KGI analyst Ming-Chi Kuo reports that two versions of the iPhone 7 Plus are in development, one with a single rear-facing camera and the other with a dual-camera design, and emphasizes that the dual camera system will be exclusive to the iPhone 7 Plus. Kuo also thinks that the iPhone 7 Plus could be equipped with 3GB of RAM to support the camera system. Nonetheless, it’s possible that even the smaller iPhone 7 could gain optical image stabilization, a feature that’s only been integrated into the iPhone 6 Plus and iPhone 6s Plus, not their smaller counterparts. The iPhone 6’s camera sounds pretty lackluster in comparison; it’s an 8MP iSight camera with maximum f/2.2 aperture, which doesn’t come close even to the iPhone 6s’s 12MP camera with 4K video abilities and an improved sensor with 50% more pixels. Water and dust resistance: Apple has filed a patent application for technology that could make the iPhone 7 waterproof, with self-healing covers over the device’s ports. Perhaps a more likely scenario is that the iPhone 7 will get improved water and dust resistance. Nonetheless, Apple unofficially began increasing the iPhone’s water resistance with the iPhone 6s, and whether officially or not, the iPhone 7 will likely be able to stand up to a lot more abuse than the iPhone 6. Charging: Because Apple introduced wireless charging for the Apple Watch and because Qualcomm has demonstrated wireless charging tech that works for metal devices like the iPhone, plenty of people are hoping for wireless charging for the iPhone 7. However, recent reports indicate that wireless charging won’t make it to the iPhone lineup until 2017 or later, though improved quick charging support is a possibility for the iPhone 7. The iPhone 6, on the other hand, features standard charging via USB or a power adapter — and charges slowly enough that CultofMac advises users to switch out the 5-watt iPhone charger for the 12-watt iPad charger. Screen: Just like the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 before it, the iPhone 7 has been the subject of rumors about a sapphire glass display. Another possibility for a durable screen material is Corning’s new Project Fire. Apple currently uses LED-backlit LCD displays for iPhones’ Retina displays, and while it’s been reported that iPhones could gain OLED displays starting in 2018 or even 2017, that’s very unlikely to happen on 2016’s iPhone 7. For the time being, the new iPhone’s screen may not be too different from that of the iPhone 6, which is an LCD display with a resolution of 1334 x 750 pixels on the 4.7-inch iPhone 6 and 1920 x 1080 pixels on the 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus. While the iPhone 6 Plus and the iPhone 6s Plus have 401 pixels per inch, instead of the 326ppi of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6s, it’s unclear whether this year’s iPhones will get a higher screen resolution. iPhone 6 design vs. iPhone 7 design Apple CEO Tim Cook | Justin Sullivan/Getty Images Headphone jack: It’s been widely rumored that Apple plans to drop the legacy 3.5mm headphone jack with the iPhone 7. The company is expected to replace the traditional EarPods with Lightning or Bluetooth-enabled headphones, and the consensus is currently that Apple will include a Lightning-equipped pair of headphones with the iPhone 7 and offer a wireless set of headphones called AirPods as an optional accessory for the iPhone 7. This would be a big change over the iPhone 6 — one that you’re likely to feel strongly about if you have a favorite pair of wired headphones. Home button: Some rumors have indicated that the iPhone 7 could go without a physical home button, which would enable Apple to shrink the top and bottom bezels. To do that, though, it would need to integrate the Touch ID sensor into the iPhone elsewhere. For the iPhone 7, it’s more likely that Apple will introduce a capacitive home button that doesn’t click, but will respond with haptic feedback instead. When you use the phone, that won’t feel significantly different than the iPhone 6’s home button, though it’s worth noting that the faster Touch ID system Apple introduced with the iPhone 6s makes the fingerprint authentication system on the iPhone 6 feel very, very slow by comparison. Antenna bands: It’s been speculated that the antenna bands seen on the back of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6s could be absent from the iPhone 7’s design. Reports indicate that the iPhone 7 design will look very similar to the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6s, except that its rear camera will sit flush with the back casing thanks to a thinner camera module, and that the antenna bands across the rear will disappear, though those around the top and bottom edges could remain. If you use a case on your phone, chances are good that the antenna bands on the back of the iPhone 6 don’t bother you. But if they do, then the iPhone 7 may make you (and plenty of iPhone users) very happy. Colors: Rumor has it that the iPhone 7 will come in the same silver, gold, and rose gold as the iPhone 6s, plus a darker space gray that’s closer to black than the shade seen on the iPhone 6s. The iPhone 6, on the other hand, is offered in silver, space gray, and gold, since the rose gold option wasn’t introduced until the launch of the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus. iPhone 6 specifications vs. iPhone 7 specifications Testing an iPhone at the Apple store | John Gress/Getty Images Size: In keeping with the trend toward an ever-thinner iPhone, it’s even reported that the iPhone 7 could be 1mm thinner than the iPhone 6s — a phone that’s actually an impossible-to-notice 0.01 inches thicker than the iPhone 6. Beyond that, we’re expecting Apple to retain the sizes introduced with the iPhone 6 (so look for a 4.7-inch iPhone 7 and a 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus). Processor: With the iPhone 7, Apple is introducing a new A10 chip, a processor that may integrate as many as six cores, though many think it’s more likely that Apple will focus on GPU improvements. The iPhone 6s brought an upgrade in RAM from the 1GB seen on the iPhone 6 to 2GB, so it’s possible that the iPhone 7 could bring a further upgrade, from 2GB to 3GB or even 4GB of RAM. The iPhone 7 Plus, specifically, could be equipped with 3GB of RAM to power a dual-camera system. While it’s been reported that this year’s A10 chip will be only slightly faster than last year’s A9 chip, the A9 is about 70% faster than the A8 that powers the iPhone 6. Storage: Even though Apple has a strong financial incentive to keep making 16GB iPhones and retain the 16GB/64GB/128GB lineup, it’s been reported that the iPhone 7 will start at 32GB of storage, and that Apple will also introduce a 256GB model. That would make a big difference for users who opted for a 16GB iPhone 6 and have been trying to figure out how to deal with the meager storage ever since. Battery life: The battery life of the iPhone 7 may be slightly better than that offered by the iPhone 6s, but Apple’s decisions have made it clear that Apple doesn’t want to make sacrifices in other areas to prioritize a longer-lasting battery. Nonetheless, rumor has it that the iPhone 7’s battery could have a capacity of 7.04 watt-hours — which means it would be slightly larger in capacity than that of the iPhone 6s (which has a capacity of 6.61 watt-hours) and about identical to that of the iPhone 6 (which has a capacity of 7.01 watt-hours). iPhone 6 software vs. iPhone 7 software Waiting in line at the Apple store | Bryan Thomas/Getty Images iOS 10: Another big difference between the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 7 is the software that it runs out of the box. While the iPhone 6 runs iOS 8 out of the box, the iPhone 7 will be equipped with iOS 10, a much more advanced version of Apple’s mobile operating system. While Apple will introduce plenty of new hardware features on the iPhone 7 release date, it will also add new software features with iOS 10. With iOS 10, you can expect features including updates to Messages, a redesigned Maps app, plus better navigation and notifications and brand-new Siri capabilities. Siri is gaining a variety of new capabilities in iOS 10 and macOS Sierra, including the ability to tap into third-party apps, and new ways to do more without collecting more user data. Security: Apple’s battle with the FBI has brought iPhone security into the spotlight, and some recent reports have indicated that Apple will place a new focus on security with the iPhone 7. Apple is reportedly working on improving the encryption of users’ iCloud data and developing measures to improve the security of future iPhones. More from Gear & Style Cheat Sheet: 5 Best-Selling Apple Products You Haven’t Seen in Years 9 Worst Complaints About the Apple Store 55 Questions to Ask Siri for a Hilarious Response 2016-08-27 10:00:00 Get Gadgets Newsletters Daily Cheat Sheet Gear & Style Autos Gadgets Sports NFL Entertainment Culture Money & Career Food & Drink Health & Fitness Friday Cheat Sheet © & ® 2015 The Cheat Sheet, All Rights Reserved. About Us Archive Jobs Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Follow us Share on Facebook Share on Twitter AOL Mail Click to Open Quick Navigation Downloads Free Email Mobile Apps AIM Discover AOL MyBenefits ID Protection Travel Tips Games Favorites Maps PC Checkup Search The Web Search Business Careers Personal Finance Retirement Real Estate My Portfolios Resources Finance Collective Tim Cook got a $100M present for his five-year anniversary at Apple Before you go, we thought you'd like these... READ MORE READ MORE READ MORE Share Aol.com Editors Aug 24th 2016 4:32PM Five years ago today, Steve Jobs stepped down as CEO of Apple. The world watched as the beginning of the Tim Cook era took off, and what an era that's been. SEE ALSO: Apple's stores are no longer called 'Apple Store' Over the past five years, consumers have witnessed the launch of the Apple Watch, iPadPro and, not to mention, five new generations of iPhones (and iPads). And though there are so many milestones and accomplishments to celebrate from the past five years, it looks like CEO Cook might have just been given the biggest gift to celebrate of all. Timothy Cook Compensation Over Time | FindTheCompany His five-year milestone comes with a pretty little incentive package attached – a package in the form of over $106M According to MacRumors: Cook's bonus includes 700,000 tenure-based restricted stock units that vested today as part of a larger compensation package of over 4.7 million shares awarded on August 24, 2011, in addition to his first of six annual installments of 280,000 tenure-based restricted stock units that vested today. The combined 980,000 shares are valued at nearly $106.7 million based on AAPL's closing price of $108.85 on Tuesday. If only we received gifts that nice on our anniversaries! Way to go, Tim Cook – we can't say it isn't (more than) well deserved. RELATED: Tim Cook through the years 24 PHOTOS Tim Cook - Apple CEO See Gallery Tim Cook - Apple CEO SAN FRANCISCO, CA - MARCH 9: Apple CEO Tim Cook gestures on stage during an Apple special event at the Yerba Buena Center for the Arts on March 9, 2015 in San Francisco, California. Apple Inc. announced the new MacBook as well as more details on the much anticipated Apple Watch, the tech giant's entry into the rapidly growing wearable technology segment as well (Photo by Stephen Lam/Getty Images) Apple interim CEO and Chief Operating Officer Tim Cook smiles before the start of the the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference in San Francisco, Monday, June 8, 2009. Cook is the interim CEO while Steve Jobs is out on leave. (AP Photo/Paul Sakuma) In this July 16, 2010 photo shows Apple's Tim Cook, left, and Steve Jobs, right, during a meeting at Apple in Cupertino, Calif. Cook takes over as CEO for Apple after Jobs resigned. (AP Photo/Paul Sakuma) Apple CEO Tim Cook during announcement at Apple headquarters in Cupertino, Calif., Tuesday, Oct. 4, 2011. (AP Photo/Paul Sakuma) SAN FRANCISCO, CA - MARCH 9: Apple CEO Tim Cook stands in front of an MacBook on display after an Apple special event at the Yerba Buena Center for the Arts on March 9, 2015 in San Francisco, California. Apple Inc. announced the new MacBook as well as more details on the much anticipated Apple Watch, the tech giant's entry into the rapidly growing wearable technology segment as well (Photo by Stephen Lam/Getty Images) Apple CEO Tim Cook smiles before speaking to graduates during George Washington University's commencement exercises on the National Mall, Sunday, May 17, 2015 in Washington. The university awarded Cook with an honorary doctorate of public service. (AP Photo/Alex Brandon) SAN FRANCISCO, CA - MARCH 9: Apple CEO Tim Cook waves from stage after an Apple special event at the Yerba Buena Center for the Arts on March 9, 2015 in San Francisco, California. Apple Inc. announced the new MacBook as well as more details on the much anticipated Apple Watch, the tech giant's entry into the rapidly growing wearable technology segment as well (Photo by Stephen Lam/Getty Images) Apple CEO Tim Cook responds to a question during a news conference at IBM Watson headquarters, in New York, Thursday, April 30, 2015. Apple, IBM and Japanese insurance and bank holding company Japan Post have formed a partnership to improve the lives of elderly people in the country. The program will provide iPads with apps designed to help seniors manage day-to-day lives and keep in touch with family members. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) Apple chief executive and Alabama native Tim Cook, right, and Catherine Randall pose with a plaque during an Alabama Academy of Honor ceremony at the state Capitol Monday, Oct. 27, 2014, in Montgomery, Ala. Cook and seven others, including Alabama football head coach Nick Saban, were inducted into the Alabama Academy of Honor. (AP Photo/Brynn Anderson) Apple CEO Tim Cook introduces the new Apple iPad Air 2 during an event at Apple headquarters on Thursday, Oct. 16, 2014 in Cupertino, Calif. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez) Tim Cook, CEO of Apple Inc., smiles as he visits the Apple Store during the launch and sale of the new iPhone 6 on Friday, Sept 19, 2014 Palo Alto, Calif. (AP Photo/Tony Avelar) Tim Cook, CEO of Apple Inc takes a photograph with Apple employees at the Apple Store during the launch and sale of the new iPhone 6 on Friday, Sept 19, 2014 Palo Alto, Calif. (AP Photo/Tony Avelar) Apple CEO Tim Cook discusses the new Apple Watch and iPhone 6 on Tuesday, Sept. 9, 2014, in Cupertino, Calif. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez) Apple's CEO Tim Cook gestures during a promotional event that marks the opening day of sales of China Mobile's 4G iPhone 5s and iPhone 5c at a shop of the world's largest mobile phone operator in Beijing, China, Friday, Jan. 17, 2014. (AP Photo/Alexander F. Yuan) Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks during an event to announce new products in San Jose, Calif., Tuesday, Oct. 23, 2012. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez) FILE- In this Wednesday, March 7, 2012, file photo, Apple CEO Tim Cook announces a new iPad during an Apple announcement in San Francisco. Apple CEO Tim Cook is expected to show off new iPhone software, updated Mac computers and provide more details on future releases of Mac software when he kicks off the company's annual conference for software developers on Monday, June 11, 2012. (AP Photo/Paul Sakuma) FILE - In a Wednesday, March 7, 2012 file photo, Apple CEO Tim Cook announces a new iPad during an Apple announcement in San Francisco. On Tuesday, April 10, 2012, Apple, already the world's most valuable company, hit the $600 billion level for the first time. (AP Photo/Paul Sakuma, File) Tim Cook, chief executive officer of Apple Inc., right, waves to customers while leaving the sales launch for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus at the Apple Inc. store in Palo Alto, California, U.S., on Friday, Sept. 19, 2014. Apple Inc.'s stores attracted long lines of shoppers for the debut of the latest iPhones, indicating healthy demand for the bigger-screen smartphones. The larger iPhone 6 Plus is already selling out at some stores across the U.S. Photographer: David Paul Morris/Bloomberg via Getty Images Tim Cook, chief executive officer of Apple Inc., left, and the band U2 gesture during a product announcement at Flint Center in Cupertino, California, U.S., on Tuesday, Sept. 9, 2014. Apple Inc. unveiled redesigned iPhones with bigger screens, overhauling its top-selling product in an event that gives the clearest sign yet of the company's product direction under Cook. Photographer: David Paul Morris/Bloomberg via Getty Images CUPERTINO, CA - OCTOBER 16: Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks during an Apple special event on October 16, 2014 in Cupertino, California. Apple unveiled the new iPad Air 2 tablet, iPad Mini 3 and a Retina iMac. (Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images) SAN FRANCISCO, CA - JUNE 02: Apple CEO Tim Cook walks off stage after speaking during the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference at the Moscone West center on June 2, 2014 in San Francisco, California. Tim Cook kicked off the annual WWDC which is typically a showcase for upcoming updates to Apple hardware and software. The conference runs through June 6. (Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images) BEIJING, CHINA - JANUARY 17: (CHINA OUT) Tim Cook, Chief Executive Officer of Apple Inc., visits a China Mobile shop to celebrate the launch of iPhone 5S and iPhone 5C on China Mobile's fourth generation (4G) network on January 17, 2014 in Beijing, China. Apple Inc. and China Mobile Limited, the world's largest carrier with over 760 million subscribers, signed a deal on December 23, 2013 after six years of negotiations. (Photo by ChinaFotoPress/ChinaFotoPress via Getty Images) Tim Cook, chief executive officer of Apple Inc., displays the iPad Air for a photograph during a press event at the Yerba Buena Center in San Francisco, California, U.S., on Tuesday, Oct. 22, 2013. Apple Inc. introduced new iPads in time for holiday shoppers, as it battles to stay ahead of rivals in the increasingly crowded market for tablet computers. Photographer: Noah Berger/Bloomberg via Getty Images Up Next See Gallery Discover More Like This of SEE ALL BACK TO SLIDE SHOW CAPTION + HIDE CAPTION – More on AOL.com: Apple's Tim Cook says being a CEO Is a 'lonely job.' Here's how to solve that problem Apple CEO Tim Cook calls up Warren Buffett, Lloyd Blankfein, and Bill Clinton for advice Want to look attractive to millennials? Offer this 1 company perk Tags apple Apple Watch ceo iphone steve jobs tim cook Read Full Story Want more news like this? Sign up for Finance Report by AOL and get everything from business news to personal finance tips delivered directly to your inbox daily! Subscribe to our other newsletters Emails may offer personalized content or ads. Learn more. You may unsubscribe any time. Find your dream job jobs by From Our Partners Congress Gives Homeowners Who Owe Less Than $300-625K a Once-in-a-Lifetime Mortgage Bailout LowerMyBills The Latest from our Partners 1 - 6 of 15 A jaw-dropping 21-month 0% intro APR credit card 8 cards charging 0% interest until 2018 Top 7 credit cards for those with excellent credit Mortgage rates hit 2.75% APR (15 yr fixed). Are you eligible? Veterans could receive up to $42,000 with these VA benefits Reverse mortgages: Too good to be true? Obama urges homeowners to switch to 15 yr fixed If you owe less than $300k, use Obama's once-in-a-lifetime mortgage relief program Why aren't homeowners 62+ taking advantage of a Reverse Mortgage? One-stop approach to retirement investing Earn 10x the national average in your savings account CD Accounts can earn you up to 2% APY 30 U.S. Cities Where You Can Buy Affordable Homes Under $250k 12 Jobs That Prove the Early Bird Gets the Worm Return Policy: The Stores With the Best (and Worst) Refund Rules Has Trump Already Developed Amnesia About 'Forgotten Man and Woman' Investors? The Cost of Child Care in Every State 25 Ridiculously Weird Items Sold Through Amazon Recommended For You Facebook may be experimenting with software that censors posts These are the 10 highest-paying jobs in the US Amazon faces holiday shipping disaster as pilots go on strike Donald Trump's Foundation admits to 'self-dealing' in IRS filing: Report Heinz recalls gravy just days before Thanksgiving 8 things you shouldn't buy on Black Friday 5 things you should do to get ready for our new president Google helps determine the best time to travel for Thanksgiving Markets USGlobalsCurrencies S&P 5002,202.04-0.90-0.04% DJIA19,068.6944.820.24% NASDAQ5,370.35-16.00-0.30% DAX10,662.44-51.41-0.48% HANG SENG22,676.69-1.38-0.01% NIKKEI 22518,162.9456.920.31% USD (per EUR)1.06-0.01-0.66% USD (per CHF)1.020.010.55% JPY (per USD)112.401.401.26% GBP (per USD)1.250.000.32% All index data provided on a 15 minute delay. More to Explore From Our Partners Potential Treasury pick faces tough questionsCNNMoney Cuban MLB players 'kidnapped' at gunpointCNNMoney Brexit slashes U.K. household wealth by $1.5 trillionCNNMoney Ghostly pics of a dead mall tell an American storyCNNMoney Sanctuary cities risk billions in defiance of TrumpCNNMoney Entrepreneurs: Don't take away our ObamacareCNNMoney Trump will remake agency that ruled against Vegas hotelCNNMoney Trump 'came after me like a dog with a bone'CNNMoneyBy PubExchange Wed, Nov 23 °F Set Your Location City, State, or Zip Mail Search Sign In / Join My Account Log Out News Entertainment Finance Lifestyle Sports Games Video Shop Search The Web Search The Web JOIN AOL MY ACCOUNT DOWNLOADS HELP & FEEDBACK ABOUT US ADVERTISING PRIVACY TERMS ABOUT OUR ADS SITEMAP Share on Facebook Facebook Share on Twitter Twitter Share on Instagram Instagram Follow us via newsletter Newsletter Follow us via RSS RSS Follow us on mobile AOL Mobile © 2016  AOL Inc.
null
PhoneDog Android And Me TmoNews NEW Official Smartphone Rankings, Vote NOW! TodaysiPhone.com The source for news, reviews, and articles surrounding Apple. Navigation Home News / Articles App Reviews Accessory Reviews Podcast TiP Us Join the TiP team HOT TOPICS: iPhone 7 macOS Sierra iOS 10 watchOS 3 Apple Music You are here: Home > macOS Sierra beta hints at possible 10 Gbps USB 3.1 Gen 2 in future hardware macOS Sierra beta hints at possible 10 Gbps USB 3.1 Gen 2 in future hardware August 24, 2016 Peter Cao Leave a comment Both of the USB-C-enabled devices Apple has support USB 3.1. However, both the 2015 and 2016 variants only have USB 3.1 Gen 1, meaning they are basically a rebranded USB 3.0, also known as SuperSpeed USB with a maximum output of 5 Gbps. However, a report from 9to5Mac suggests Apple is preparing new Mac hardware to support USB 3.1 Gen 2, which has a maximum output of 10 Gbps, known as SuperSpeed Plus. The finding is within macOS Sierra (beta)’s current code. This is interesting as none of Apple’s current Mac devices sport USB 3.1 Gen 2 whatsoever, suggesting that new hardware will be released soon. In terms of code, you can find this code in OS X El Capitan: Versus this code in macOS Sierra beta: A new line of code is added, specifically super_speed_plus, indicating that support for 10 Gbps USB 3.1 Gen 2 is coming very soon. While code is software, and the software can be modified before release, this is something worth getting excited about. More specifically, Thunderbolt 3 support. Not only does it support USB 3.1 Gen 2 at 10 Gbps, but it also takes advantage of the 4x faster 40 Gbps Thunderbolt connectivity and Display Port 1.2, all in a single USB-C port that will be capable of outputs of 4K and 5K resolutions. Tags: Mac, MacBook, USB 3.1, USB 3.1 Gen 1, USB 3.1 Gen 2, USB-C About Peter Cao Peter has a passion for music and technology. He conceits himself by religiously rocking the Apple brand. You can find him on Twitter @iPeterCao. View all posts by Peter Cao → ← Apple execs go in-depth on machine learning, Siri improvements, and palm rejection with Apple Pencil Apple suggests 5 new emoji to be added, includes astronaut and artist → Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Number of Lines - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes Unlimited Messages: 500 Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB150MB200MB250MB300MB400MB500MB600MB700MB800MB900MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Home Phone Savings Pay Less on Home Phone Service popular topics President-elect Trump has discussed Apple making products in the USA directly, provides tax incentives0 iPhone 8 to feature all glass back, new 5-inch model2 New MacBook Pros have 16GB of RAM max due to battery life concerns1 Apple Watch Nike+ launch details, bands will not be sold separately1 Suppliers: Trump's plan to make Apple products in the U.S. impractical1 Over 50 new emojis just approved by Unicode 10, should be on iOS soon1 In a new interview, Phil Schiller discusses the new MacBook Pro1 Supply constrains could dictate Apple's move to OLED in the iPhone next year1 Opinion: The lack of Apple software quality on iOS1 Live blog: Apple's 'hello again' October 27 event1 PhoneDog Pokémon Go 'Nearby' feature expands as Ditto makes first appearance Nextbit Robin receives Android 7.0 Nougat beta update Verizon Black Friday deals include discounts on Google Pixel phones, Google Home Alcatel Idol 4S on sale for $349.99 Google Pixel update hitting some phones, adds two new Moves Android 7.1 Developer Preview 2 update now rolling out T-Mobile offering free flagship phones from Apple, Samsung, and LG for Black Friday Android And Me Glossy Black Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Google has released one final update Verizon begins Black Friday deals on Fresh Meat: 10 new Android apps worth DEAL: Alcatel Idol 4S selling for $349 The Sony Xperia XZ gets a $74 price TmoNews Next week’s T-Mobile Tuesday will T-Mobile announces more Black Friday T-Mobile HTC One M9 receiving November T-Mobile’s 4G LTE CellSpot update T-Mobile extends Magenta Friday two T-Mobile Tuesdays gifts for next week T-Mobile launches Magenta Friday promo PhoneDog is one of the largest and most popular interactive mobile news and reviews resource that attracts a community of more than 2.5 million unique visitors each month. The site may have a "cute" name, but it offers up serious editorial content and video reviews that users rely on to make important decisions about their next mobile purchases. PhoneDog Media Family PhoneDog - Cell phone news Android And Me - Google & Android TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company About us In the press Advertising info Jobs & careers Terms of Use Privacy policy Popular iPad iTunes App Reviews Accessory Reviews Research & Shop Buying guide Phone finder Compare plans Phone specials Long distance © 2001-2016 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved.
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video Visa cries foul over Euro regulator's stronger authentication demands Sorry, iPhone fans – only Fandroids get Barclays' tap-to-withdraw HPE core servers and storage under pressure Comcast is the honey badger of ISPs – injects pop-ups into browsers, doesn't give a fsck Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH HPE core servers and storage under pressure Stay out of my server room! Dell EMC's Pure-crushing benchmarks are flawed, says, er, Pure NetComm kicked to the curb by nbn™ for fibre-not-quite-to-the-home AWS to launch Aurora service for PostgreSQL at re:Invent – report Obama awards honours to Grace Hopper, Margaret Hamilton for computing contributions Microsoft still working to fix Outlook sync issues Not fake news: Facebook reinvents SVG Visa cries foul over Euro regulator's stronger authentication demands Sorry, iPhone fans – only Fandroids get Barclays' tap-to-withdraw Comcast is the honey badger of ISPs – injects pop-ups into browsers, doesn't give a fsck Deliver-oops! Takeaway pusher's customers burger-ed by hijackers The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Continuous Lifecycle 2017: Ten days to tell us how DevOps really works Puppet pulls in (almost) former Cisco exec to head EMEA Put down the org chart, snowflake: Why largile's for management crybabies Infrastructure as code: The road to continuous everything Policy The Channel Fibre pushers get UK budget tax reprieve Surprise, surprise. BT the only Universal Service Obligation provider in town Gov's industrial strategy: 'Look, we've changed the words above our door' Euro Patent office staff call again for King Battistelli regicide Microsoft's nerd goggles will run on a toaster Speaking in Tech: 'You idiot - you could've done that in 3 clicks' HTC and OnePlus spruce up flagships for Santa's sack Allow us to sum this up: UK ISP Plusnet minus net for nine-plus hours SPB Geek's Guide LAKE OF frozen WATER THE SIZE OF NEW MEXICO FOUND ON MARS – NASA New state of matter discovered by superconductivity gurus International Space Station celebrates 18th birthday in true style – by setting trash on fire NASA trying to rein in next-generation super-heavy lifter costs Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things 2016. AI boffins picked a hell of a year to train a neural net by making it watch the news AI is all trendy and fun – but it's still a long way from true intelligence, Facebook boffins admit MP Kees Verhoeven wants EU to regulate the Internet of S**t Dyn Dyn Dyn – we have a buyer: Oracle gobbles Internet of Things DDoS victim Verity Stob Reg man 0: Japanese electronic toilet 1 Twitter bans own CEO Jack Dorsey from Twitter Trial date set for Brit police 'copter coppers over spying-on-doggers claims Customer data security is our highest priori- ha ha ha whatever, suckers More like this Apple Smartphones iPhone Touchscreen Personal Tech Touchy iPhone 6, 6 Plus chips prone to breaking down and giving up And Apple's Geniuses can't help you when it happens 24 Aug 2016 at 23:12, Shaun Nichols Shaun Nichols Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Ios, Apple, Fcc, Microsoft, Google Recent Articles No NY love for Airbnb CEO of VoIP biz admits in court: It was all a $1.8bn Ponzi scheme It's nearly 2017 and JPEGs, PDFs, font files can hijack your Apple Mac, iPhone, iPad Apple's swanky iPhones can suffer chip failures that can render the touchscreen unusable. This according to a report from DIY repair site iFixit, which says two controller chips on the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus logic board can lose their electrical contacts, and when they go, the handset's touchscreen no longer works. The issue commonly begins with gray bars appearing on the screen or touch features not working occasionally. Because of this, iFixit says, the problem can incorrectly be attributed to a faulty touchscreen. In reality, however, the issue is caused by failures in the U2402 "Meson" and U2401 "Cumulus" chips, both of which are soldered onto the main board and act as controllers to handle the touch features on Apple's smartphone. The issue is limited to the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, as the newer 6S phones moved the controller chips off the logic board and onto the display itself. A close-up shot of the bad IC chips [Image via iFixit] "These two chips translate your finger mashing on the display into information your phone can actually use," iFixit writes. "When the Touch IC chips go bad, you can jab, tap, and poke the screen all you want – your phone can't correctly process the information. At least, not until the bum chips are replaced with new ones." The problem, says iFixit, is that repairing the issue is not possible without doing soldering work on the board itself. This means that Apple's Genius Bar technicians would not be able to repair the issue on their own and the logic board itself would need to be handed back to Apple (or replaced). Apple did not respond to a request for comment on the report. "Apple's repair Geniuses aren't equipped to make specialized repairs to the logic board in-house, so they can't actually fix Touch Disease. But skilled, third-party microsoldering specialists can fix phones with symptoms of Touch Disease," iFixit said. "And they can do it a whole lot cheaper than the cost of a new logic board or an out-of-warranty phone replacement." It bears noting at this point that iFixit, which sells DIY toolkits and repair guides, has long been critical of Apple's policies on limiting third-party repairs of its tablets and smartphones. By not allowing independent stores to act as authorized repair shops for its products, iFixit says Apple is preventing customers from getting less expensive, more efficient fixes for technical issues such as the touch chip failures. ® Sponsored: The state of mobile security maturity Tips and corrections 28 Comments More from The Register Samsung Australia waves white phlag in phlaming phablet recall Call this number to sort things out - from some other phone Actually, yes, Samsung, you do have to pay Apple $120m Decade-long game of patent tennis nearly over 36 Comments Samsung chuckles, swerves around Apple's Q1 phone sales crash S7 propels chaebol 15 Comments Samsung off the hook as $120m Apple patent verdict tossed Not the 'rounded corners' verdict, the other stupid one 40 Comments Steve Jobs' thermonuclear showdown with Samsung reaches US Supreme Court Battle of rounded corners approaches $399m climax 19 Comments Adobe Australia drops SaaS tax dodge Will apply local sales taxes to cloud services from now on 8 Comments Whitepapers Build scalable and secure public cloud services Based on the industry-leading products and technologies your customers demand, Red Hat provides a complete set of platforms, tools, and software components you need to build a scalable, agile, and secure cloud services infrastructure. Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Controlling the Uncontrollable Protecting email and other corporate data on mobile devices—without bogging down workers—is one of today’s biggest challenges faced by IT pros today. Solving the right problem in the datacentre This white paper discusses the limitations of traditional cloud and virtualisation management. Most read LAKE OF frozen WATER THE SIZE OF NEW MEXICO FOUND ON MARS – NASA Twitter bans own CEO Jack Dorsey from Twitter Emulating x86: Microsoft builds granny flat into Windows 10 Irish eyes are crying: Tens of thousands of broadband modems wide open to hijacking Google declares victory for its Wifi router before it's even shipped Spotlight Speaking in Tech: 'You idiot - you could've done that in 3 clicks' Virtual reality is actually made of smartphones Google may just have silently snuffed the tablet computer Brain plague or estate agents? I know which I'd prefer in Virtual Reality Self-stocking internet fridge faces a delivery come down HPE core servers and storage under pressure Stay out of my server room! US telecoms industry weighs up the Trump effect Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Express. Home of the Daily and Sunday Express. Find us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Check us on Google+ Subscribe to our rss feed Daily Horoscope Our Apps Top 10 Our Paper Paper Archive Weather 9° London HOME News Showbiz & TV Sport Comment Finance Travel Entertainment Life & Style UK World Politics Royal History Weird Nature Science Obituaries Sunday Scotland Weather Home News World USA at war with EU: US warns Europe over plan to demand MILLIONS in unpaid tax from Apple USA at war with EU: US warns Europe over plan to demand MILLIONS in unpaid tax from Apple INCENSED American government officials have slammed the European Union for threatening to make EU-based US companies pay back a staggering amount of allegedly unpaid tax. By Patrick Christys PUBLISHED: 06:00, Thu, Aug 25, 2016 | UPDATED: 07:37, Thu, Aug 25, 2016 GETTYFurious US Treasury bosses blast EU Commission decision to investigate Apple America’s Treasury Department has blasted EU officials for investigating whether Apple’s tax arrangements with Ireland violated EU “state aid” rules ahead of an impending court ruling, which could force the computer giants to pay vast amounts of “retrospective tax”. The US said if the European Commission’s tax investigations made companies such as Apple have to dig deep into their pockets to make up for years of alleged financial irregularities it could change the face of US-EU business relations forever. Related articles Europe ruling means UK is facing bill of BILLIONS from giant firms EU exit uncertainty ‘puts companies off hiring staff’ In an unusual move, the US Treasury Department is releasing a 26-page white paper outlining its concerns, claiming any such regulation would fly in the face of both the EU and large US companies’ interests. In a blog post accompanying the white paper, Deputy Assistant Treasury Secretary for international tax affairs Robert Stack said any such decision “could create an unfortunate international tax policy precedent”. GETTYApple's Dublin officeis at the centre of the financial controversy He said it would also have “an outsized impact on US companies”. Mr Stack added: “Furthermore, it is possible that the settlement payments ultimately could be determined to give rise to creditable foreign taxes. "If so, US taxpayers could wind up eventually footing the bill for these State aid recoveries in the form of foreign tax credits that would offset the US tax bills of these companies.” GETTYUS Treasury Department headquarters in Washington urges EU to not impose retrospective tax He warned that the Commission’s use of state aid rules to chase alleged tax avoidance “is new and was unforeseeable by the relevant companies and EU Member States". The irate treasury figurehead begged the EU’s financial watchdog “to not seek to impose recoveries under this new approach in a retroactive manner because it sets a bad precedent for tax policymakers around the world”. Mr Stack added: “Finally, we explain that the Commission’s approach undermines US tax treaties and international transfer pricing guidelines already accepted broadly in the global tax community, and undermines the work done as part of the [OECD Base Erosion and Profit Sharing] project.” Apple Watch Mon, March 9, 2015 SAN FRANCISCO, CA - MARCH 9: Apple CEO Tim Cook announces the Apple Watch during an Apple special event at the Yerba Buena Center for the Arts on March 9, 2015 in San Francisco, California. Apple Inc. is expected to unveil more details on the much anticipated Apple Watch, the tech giant's entry into the rapidly growing wearable technology segment Play slideshow Getty Images 1 of 29 Apple Debuts New Watch The Commission has taken global companies to task in the past, having already ruled that Starbucks’ tax deal in the Netherlands violated EU rules. It is also probing Amazon’s tax arrangement in Luxembourg. Ricardo Cardoso, a spokesman for the Commission, responded to similar complaints earlier this month by saying: “EU competition rules, including state aid rules, apply to all companies operating on the EU’s single market, large or small, irrespective of whether they are EU companies or originate from outside the EU — there is absolutely no bias against US companies.” Related articles Germany plots tax on BRITISH motorists to cover growing bill for its 1.1 million migrants EU migrants pocket MORE tax credits and child benefits than UK workers Google CEO hits out at Brexit Most read in World 1 Madeleine McCann FOUND? English-speaking girl called 'Maria' discovered in Rome 2 Furious Italian PM Matteo Renzi goes to WAR with EU and threatens to SCRAP Brussels budget 3 Hillary Clinton may STILL become President after 'evidence PROVES US election was rigged' 4 Terrified Italian women turn against migrants: 'It is not safe here anymore' 5 PAYBACK! Christian 'Babylon Brigades' oust ISIS jihadis from monastery in bloody battle Latest videos The Apprentice 2016: Jessica Cunningham slammed in huge row over ‘LIES’ in task Paranormal historian reveals the answer to Scarlett Moffatt’s GHOST questions The Grand Tour: Travellers FURIOUS with Jeremy Clarkson after ‘gypsies’ joke Great British Bake Off Christmas 2016: First-look image released of LAST BBC episodes Furious Italian PM Matteo Renzi goes to WAR with EU and threatens to SCRAP Brussels budget Furious Italian PM Matteo Renzi goes to WAR with EU and threatens to SCRAP Brussels budget 'It's NOT SAFE!' Danish minister hits out at EU agency after migrant fires and clashes PAYBACK! Christian 'Babylon Brigades' oust ISIS jihadis from monastery in bloody battle 'It is not OK' CNN anchor breaks down in tears after guest uses N-word on her show Hillary Clinton may STILL become President after 'evidence PROVES US election was rigged' Terrified Italian women turn against migrants: 'It is not safe here anymore' Mechanic accused of stalking Charlie Hebdo journalist DEMANDS cash payout HEARTBROKEN: Homeless girl people thought was Maddie McCann REFUSES to go home Europe jam-packed with 'ghost migrants' as EU authorities LOSE failed asylum seekers Primary school parents fear worker tried to RADICALISE children after he’s linked to ISIS Daily Express Furious Italian PM Matteo Renzi goes to WAR with EU and threatens to SCRAP Brussels budget 'It's NOT SAFE!' Danish minister hits out at EU agency after migrant fires and clashes PAYBACK! Christian 'Babylon Brigades' oust ISIS jihadis from monastery in bloody battle 'It is not OK' CNN anchor breaks down in tears after guest uses N-word on her show Furious Italian PM Matteo Renzi goes to WAR with EU and threatens to SCRAP Brussels budget 'It's NOT SAFE!' Danish minister hits out at EU agency after migrant fires and clashes PAYBACK! Christian 'Babylon Brigades' oust ISIS jihadis from monastery in bloody battle 'It is not OK' CNN anchor breaks down in tears after guest uses N-word on her show Hillary Clinton may STILL become President after 'evidence PROVES US election was rigged' Terrified Italian women turn against migrants: 'It is not safe here anymore' Mechanic accused of stalking Charlie Hebdo journalist DEMANDS cash payout HEARTBROKEN: Homeless girl people thought was Maddie McCann REFUSES to go home Europe jam-packed with 'ghost migrants' as EU authorities LOSE failed asylum seekers Primary school parents fear worker tried to RADICALISE children after he’s linked to ISIS World's most expensive naval destroyer BREAKS DOWN in the Panama Canal Spain ramps up provocation in Gibraltar waters as Rock government calls in bigger warships Somalian people traffickers arrested for ‘inhumane and dangerous’ treatment of migrants Turkish president accuses Europe of siding with terrorists & spurns vote on EU membership Furious Italian PM Matteo Renzi goes to WAR with EU and threatens to SCRAP Brussels budget 'It's NOT SAFE!' Danish minister hits out at EU agency after migrant fires and clashes PAYBACK! Christian 'Babylon Brigades' oust ISIS jihadis from monastery in bloody battle 'It is not OK' CNN anchor breaks down in tears after guest uses N-word on her show Hillary Clinton may STILL become President after 'evidence PROVES US election was rigged' Terrified Italian women turn against migrants: 'It is not safe here anymore' Mechanic accused of stalking Charlie Hebdo journalist DEMANDS cash payout HEARTBROKEN: Homeless girl people thought was Maddie McCann REFUSES to go home SEARCH CONNECT WITH US Find us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Check us on Google+ Subscribe to our rss feed Check our YouTube channel TODAY'S PAPER Wednesday, 23rd November 2016 See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive. News UK World Politics Royal History Weird Nature Science Obituaries Sunday Scotland Weather UK Politics Political Parties Politicians Constituencies EU Referendum Sport Football Transfer news Golf Cricket Tennis Rugby Union F1 Boxing Other Racing Pics Pictures Celebrity Galleries Royal Galleries Sport Galleries Vids Videos Comment Express Comment Columnists Beachcomber Finance City & Business Personal Finance Retirement The Crusader Travel Cruise Activity Holidays Beach Holidays Short & City breaks Travel News Entertainment Films Gaming Theatre Books Music Puzzles Puzzles Horoscope Offers Competitions Bingo Jackpot Millions Life & Style Health Cars Life Garden Food Style Diets Win Tech Property Saturday S Mag Top 10 Facts EXPRESS.CO.UK Sitemap Site Archive Contact Us Advertising Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions Design by Netro42 Syndication and Licensing Clarifications and Corrections Daily Star OK! Magazine new! Magazine Star Magazine Health Lottery Northern and Shell Copyright ©2016 Express Newspapers. "Daily Express" is a registered trademark. All rights reserved.
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Nov 23, 1:39 PM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Did Apple Scrap iPhone 7 Moniker For iPhone 6 SE? Questionable Leak Suggests So By Corazon Victorino On 08/24/16 AT 7:06 PM Close After months of making everyone believe that Apple is debuting an iPhone 7-named smartphone during its September event, photos of a different iPhone that goes by a different moniker has landed online, courtesy of a Chinese leaker. The pics showcase what appears to be an iPhone device’s retail box with the name “iPhone 6 SE” instead of "iPhone 7.” Making this leak more believable is a follow-up that features the handset in the flesh, displaying its impressive scores on GeekBench’s speed tests. This so-called iPhone 6 SE scored 3,042 in the single-core test and 5,210 in the multi-core tests — both ratings are higher than the iPhone 6s’ scores of 2,542 and 4,427 in the single-core and multi-core tests, respectively. It is also important to note that Geekbench recognizes the device’s model as iPhone 6 SE and its operating system as iOS 10, according to GSM Arena. Just this past March, the Cupertino tech giant launched the iPhone SE, which sported a 4-inch display, 2GB RAM, a 12-megapixel camera and iOS 9.3.2. It would be a a bit of a stretch to believe that Apple is releasing a follow-up to the device just six months later. Plus, it would hurt consumers who bought the iPhone SE, thinking that it will not be obsolete in a span of months, as per an earlier GSM Arena report. Related Stories Apple Rumored To Release Third iPhone Variant With OLED Display Next Year Nevertheless, the leaked photos of the iPhone 6 SE have since been debunked by many tech sites as fake, with Apple Insider pointing out that the low resolution pictures were manipulated as proven by the inconsistent spacing of the texts and the typography of the storage box. The site also noted that the photographed pamphlet does not contain the specific and detailed descriptions of the device that are very typical of Apple’s pamphlets. In addition, MacRumors noted that there are background color discrepancies in areas of certain texts to prove that the photos have been manipulated.  Despite the inauthentic nature of the photographs, GSM Arena still noted that there is a possibility that Apple will be calling the upcoming smartphones the iPhone 6 SE and iPhone 6 SE Plus because the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus monikers have yet to be officially confirmed by Apple. BGR also pointed out that the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus monikers were simply based on the assumption that Apple is upgrading the numerical name of the iPhone, since previous releases would tell us that the company likes to increase the number that’s part of the name of its new smartphone once it is done with the “S” upgrade. Furthermore, since Apple is celebrating the 10th anniversary of the iPhone next year, it is very likely that the company is reserving a major upgrade that would not sport the consecutive “S” upgrade moniker.  Meanwhile, Taiwanese singer-actor Jimmy Lin has once again proven that he is the king of iPhone confirmations. The Apple products enthusiast just shared online a snap of himself holding what appears to be the rumored new iteration of the iPhone line, as pointed out by Forbes. The device Lin is holding in the photo first obtained by Yeah1 coincides with the rumors claiming that the new iPhone will mostly look like the iPhone 6, with the addition of a dual-lens camera system on its back. Unfortunately, Lin, who has been leaking iPhone devices ahead of their launch since 2012, did not divulge the name of the device, so Apple fans would just have to wait and see for themselves if Apple is going with iPhone 7 or iPhone 6 SE as the official moniker of the smartphone.  Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business US Factory, Confidence Data Brighten Economic Outlook There are plenty of indications of an acceleration in economic growth early in the fourth quarter. Technology What To Expect From Android 7.1.1 Nougat Second Developer Preview Developers can access Android 7.1.1 Nougat now. World 'Hell Itself Would Be Paradise Compared To Aleppo' Aleppo, one of the world's oldest and most historic cities, has been left completely decimated by the Syrian government, rebel forces and an international coalition purporting to wipe out the presence of the Islamic State group in the region. National PS4 Black Friday 2016 Deals Who's offering the best PS4 deal of the season? © Copyright 2016 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Modern Medicine Trader Talk Portfolio Perspective ETF Strategist Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Technology Technology Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity The Pulse @ 1 Market Former Apple CEO Sculley says he'd give Tim Cook an 'A++' Christine Wang | @christiiineeee Wednesday, 24 Aug 2016 | 6:58 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES Sculley: I'd grade Tim Cook A++    Wednesday, 24 Aug 2016 | 5:31 PM ET | 03:06 ‹ 03:06 Sculley: I'd grade Tim Cook A++    08/24/16 5:31 PM ET 03:48 John Sculley on Apple's next steps    08/24/16 5:34 PM ET 03:42 The market's cash kings    08/24/16 5:23 PM ET › Current Apple CEO Tim Cook is doing fine by former CEO John Sculley. "I would give him an A++. Absolutely," Sculley said during an interview on CNBC's "Fast Money." "Tim Cook has done, I think, a terrific job of taking a company that was as much a cult as a culture and scaling it in a very complex industry." Sculley explained that Apple continues to knock it out of the park in terms of the quality of its products. He also warned bearish traders of underestimating "the power of the iOS operating system and the loyalty of iPhone users." The former CEO admitted that he doesn't know what the company has planned beyond its current product lines, but he's confident that Apple will "continue to have great performance for quite a few years ahead." Investors and analysts, eyeing the Cuptertino, California-based company's cash hoard, have speculated that it may acquire another company to help boost growth. As of its latest earnings report, Apple's cash pile sat at $231.5 billion. At the time, Howard Silverblatt, senior index analyst at S&P Dow Jones Indices, noted that if the cash hoard was its own company, it would be the 11th largest company in the S&P 500. Sculley said that while he's not suggesting that Apple should aim for a merger or acquisition, Cook is capable of guiding the company through that process in such an event. "I don't know whether they should, but I think Tim Cook is totally capable of running a big business," he said. Christine WangNews Associate Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change S&P 500 --- AAPL --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Binge Filmmaker Ken Burns is scared of what he sees in Donald Trump By: Josh Ascher, CNBC producer Here’s what Steve Jobs had to give Ken Burns to create the 'Ken Burns' effect for iMovie The Ken Burns binge effect: Steve Jobs, Donald Trump and the birth of binge-watching    Ken Burns: The media gets Steve Jobs wrong    Steve Jobs once told Ken Burns he should ditch PBS because they weren’t paying him enough To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Should Apple Add a Privacy Feature to the iMac's Camera? | Main | Apple Announces Headliner Acts for Apple Music Festival Including One Republic & Alicia Keys » August 24, 2016 U.S. Treasury Criticizes EU Tax Probe ahead of Apple Ruling Starting in February, Patently Apple posted a report titled "U.S. Treasury Secretary Calls on the EU Commission to Reconsider their Tax Probes targeting U.S. Companies," followed by a report in March titled "U.S. Treasury Investigates Retaliatory Measures against the EU's Aggressive Investigation of Apple & Others." It's being reported on today by the BBC that "Next month the EU is expected to deliver its decision on Apple. The company could be hit with a multi-billion pound bill for unpaid taxes."   Earlier today the U.S. Treasury Department published a white paper on the matter titled "The European Commission's Recent State Aid Investigations of Transfer Pricing Rulings," and concluded by stating the following:   "The U.S. Treasury Department continues to consider potential responses should the Commission continue its present course. A strongly preferred and mutually beneficial outcome would be a return to the system and practice of international tax cooperation that has long fostered cross-border investment between the United States and EU Member States. The U.S. Treasury Department remains ready and willing to continue to collaborate with the Commission on the important work of ensuring that the international tax system is fair, efficient, and predictable." The full 26 page document could be downloaded here.   The BBC report noted that The Treasury Department noted in their report that the White Paper noted that "the actions by Brussels would make it into a 'supra-national tax authority' overriding the tax codes of its member states." The BBC further note that the report stated that "Brussels was using a different set of criteria to judge cases involving US companies, adding that potential penalties were "deeply troubling."   It's been reported on many times that JP Morgan, an investment banker for Apple, has said the company could face a bill for $19bn (£14.3bn) in a worst-case scenario.   Today's response by the U.S. Treasury was one last chance at making it very clear and very public that the U.S. would be prepared to retaliate against a negative ruling against Apple or other major U.S. companies by the EU Commission. The BBC report noted that "In response the commission said it was trying to ensure EU law was applied equally to all companies operating in Europe," a position that hasn't changed since the exchange with the U.S. Treasury began. For more on this read the full BBC report here.   While this was playing out earlier today, Apple's CEO is preparing to host a fundraiser for Hillary Clinton tonight. In July Advisor to Clinton's Economic Plan, Joseph Stiglitz, called Apple's Irish tax set-up a Fraud. "Here we have the largest corporation in capitalization not only in America, but in the world, bigger than GM was at its peak, and claiming that most of its profits originate from about a few hundred people working in Ireland -- that's a fraud," Stiglitz said.   With Apple friends like that, who needs enemies? Then again, perhaps Cook is looking for more support for his gay rights agenda or realistically understands that when it comes to Clinton, it's all about Pay to Play.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments.     Posted by Jack Purcher on August 24, 2016 at 05:00 PM in 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports | Permalink Comments The comments to this entry are closed. Search Recent Posts For Six Quarters Straight Apple's iPhone has taken 91% or more of the Smartphone Industry's Profits Cook Did the Right Thing and Congratulated Trump on his Great Victory to Open the Door for Dialog Apple's Temporary Black Friday Sales Event Website is up to Get you Pumped for Devices, Music, Photography and Games Did Microsoft make Apple Blink with the Success of Surface Tablets? Microsoft's CEO Says Yes Apple Granted 39 Patents Today Covering a One-Time Secret Patent for a Flexible, Foldable iPhone Design Sweep! Apple's iPad has Won the Last 4 Quarters as top Tablet as the Competition Piles on with new Detachables Key Component Shortages for Next-Gen Notebooks like the MacBook Pro will Push Shipments into 2017 Even in the Quickly Growing Refurbished Smartphone Market Apple's Pricing seems to be Defying Gravity Apple is Exiting the Router Business as Microsoft and D-Link work on Super Wi-Fi based on 802.11af Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Applications Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations On I.T. The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express El Tiempo Latino Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2016 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Business U.S. raises concerns over European tax probe involving American companies The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Protesters stand outside the Department of Finance in Dublin in 2015, where they called for an investigation of tax rulings favorable to Apple and other multinational corporations. (Niall Carson/PA Wire/PA Images) By Todd C. Frankel August 24 Follow @tcfrankel The U.S. Treasury took the unusual step Wednesday of publishing a detailed critique of the European Commission’s investigations into alleged tax avoidance schemes by a group of U.S. firms, including Apple, Starbucks and Amazon. Treasury said the commission’s probes into whether U.S. firms unfairly benefited from low corporate tax rates in Europe “undermine” agreements on international tax law and could hurt U.S. taxpayers. “These investigations have major implications for the United States,” wrote Robert Stack, deputy assistant secretary for international tax affairs at Treasury, in a blog post explaining the agency’s position. Treasury’s actions are not a defense of these U.S. companies’ actions, but rather signal a disagreement with European authorities over how to resolve the delicate matter of who benefits from overseas profits. It also comes amid President Obama’s push to discourage U.S. companies from moving their tax residences overseas to avoid U.S. taxes, a ploy known as corporate inversions. Treasury is touting its tax policy concerns ahead of a verdict from the commission, anticipated this fall, on whether Apple’s tax dealings in Ireland violate European rules. Apple could be ordered to repay $8 billion — and perhaps much more — in back taxes. Apple, based in Cupertino, Calif., has been pilloried for years both at home and abroad for how it handles its overseas profits — parking billions of dollars in its subsidiary in Cork, Ireland, where the corporate tax rate is 12.5 percent. In contrast, the U.S. statutory corporate rate is 35 percent. Apple chief executive Tim Cook defended the company’s actions in a Washington Post interview published this month, denying that Apple was a “tax dodger” and that the company would happily bring back those profits home once U.S. tax law is reformed and the rate lowered to be more in line with other countries. In Europe, the commission already has announced decisions unfavorable to other U.S. firms. Last year, it said a tax deal between Amazon and Luxembourg appeared to amount to unfair state aid by allowing the company to underpay its taxes. Amazon has since changed its tax structure. (Amazon chief executive Jeffrey P. Bezos owns The Washington Post.) The commission also ruled that Fiat owed back taxes in Luxembourg, and Starbucks owed them in the Netherlands, ordering the companies to repay millions of dollars. While Europe’s handling of corporate tax policy has worried the Treasury, a commission spokeswoman said European regulators are only trying to ensure that no company receives an unfair advantage in taxation. The spokeswoman also said the commission has taken note of the Treasury’s opposition, which was published as a white paper, adding that “there is no bias against U.S. companies.” The Treasury on Wednesday said any repayments ordered by Europe could reduce the amount U.S. firms pay in taxes at home, calling such an outcome “deeply troubling” because it would effectively leave American taxpayers “footing the bill.” The federal agency also warned that if the commission brought more tax cases against U.S. firms, it “may lead to a growing chilling effect on U.S.-EU cross-border investment.” business economy true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Todd C. Frankel is a reporter covering people and policy. Follow @tcfrankel Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 Researchers have found a troubling new cause of death for middle-aged white Americans 2 India just made a big mistake with its currency ban 3 Donald Trump lost most of the American economy in this election 4 Judge halts federal rule that would have expanded overtime pay to millions of workers 5 The worst-case scenario for the economy under Trump just happened in another country Market Watch DJIA 0.23% NASDAQ -0.31% Get quote Last Update: 1:25 PM 11/23/2016(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Daily Crossword Word game business economy Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2016 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Contact Newsagent Login Scoop Search MARKETS Sharemarket Finance Company Results Real Estate SOEs ECONOMY Economy Reserve Bank Confidence Commerce Industrial Relations Employers Employment Statistics Taxation Trade Agreements Treasury INDUSTRY Agriculture Horticulture Fisheries Forestry Manufacturing Telecommunications Computing & Internet Media Retail Liquor Transport Tourism ENERGY Oil Coal Alternative Energy Electricity Gas Energy Policy Scoop Homepage | BizSciTech Homepage | Business Headlines | Business Most Read | Sci-Tech Headlines | Sci-Tech Most Read Powered by scoop.co.nz Tweet Scales lifts first-half profit 3% on record Mr Apple crop 10:07 August 25, 2016ArticleComments Off on Scales lifts first-half profit 3% on record Mr Apple crop Article – BusinessDesk Aug. 25 (BusinessDesk) – Scales Corp lifted first-half profit 3 percent and raised guidance for annual earnings as its Mr Apple unit delivered a record crop and met its 2020 export volume target four years early.Scales lifts first-half profit 3% on record Mr Apple crop, raises annual outlook By Paul McBeth Aug. 25 (BusinessDesk) – Scales Corp lifted first-half profit 3 percent and raised guidance for annual earnings as its Mr Apple unit delivered a record crop and met its 2020 export volume target four years early. Net profit rose to $33.8 million, or 24 cents per share, in the six months ended June 30 from $32.8 million, or 23.5 cents, a year earlier, the Christchurch-based company said in a statement. Revenue jumped 30 percent to $209.5 million, while earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation increased 3 percent to $54.2 million. That performance was underpinned by Scales’ Mr Apple unit, with apple exports up 12 percent to a record 3.55 million TCEs (tray carton equivalents). “This is an excellent achievement from the entire Scales team and especially the Mr Apple team, which has delivered another record crop on existing resources and infrastructure,” managing director Andy Borland said. “Mr Apple has packed a record 3.55 million TCEs, which is 12 percent above 2015 export volumes and meets a 2020 volume target four years ahead of schedule.” New Zealand’s biggest apple exporter doubled its annual profit in 2015, selling higher value products to key markets in Asia and the Middle East, beating the forecast in its 2014 prospectus. In December, Scales said that result wasn’t likely to be repeated, predicting a more ordinary harvest for 2016, an absence of insurance proceeds from a hailstorm last year and some provisioning for reduced use of its coldstore network. Scales today said it expects ebitda of between $55 million and $62 million in the calendar year, up from a previous forecast of $48 million to $55 million. Net profit is expected to be between $29.6 million and $34.6 million. The company’s horticulture unit increased profit 4.7 percent to $36 million on a 39 percent jump in revenue to $130.7 million, while its food ingredients business boosted sales 38 percent to $31.1 million for a 36 percent gain in profit tot $4.6 million. The storage and logistics division boosted external revenue 6 percent to $47.4 million, while profit slipped 12 percent to $9.2 million. Borland said its new Auckland coldstore was trading profitably and ahead of expectations though “industry headwinds” weighed on earnings and it was expected to deliver an annual result in line with 2015. Scales’ board will consider an interim dividend payment later in the calendar year, with its policy to split returns evenly and pay them in January and July. The shares last traded at $3.50 and have climbed 46 percent this year, outpacing a 15 percent increase on the S&P/NZX All Index over the same period. (BusinessDesk) Content Sourced from scoop.co.nz Original url  Print This Post Tweet     Blogroll China Economic Scan Compare house prices Deposit Rates Direct Broking – NZX & ASX Trading & Prices Findata – Market Data Good Returns Herald Business Interest.co.nz – Interest Rates News & Views National Business Review Property Talk Sharechat Stuff Business Value Cruncher – NZX Latest Business news Boy Airlifted from Tongariro Crossing Motorcyclists warning: Burt Monroe Challenge this weekend New animation shows how Western Ring Route will ease travel Mantra Group Announces Five New Hotel Signings Kiwi Vapers Come to Kaikoura’s Rescue Yealands Wine Group Earthquake Update Support For Quake Hit Taxpayers Fair And Reasonable A new connection for cyclists in Mount Roskill Guidance on non-structural building elements SodaStream Rejects Gag Order Statement re sealing of Pike River Mine Groundbreaking Ceremony of Hawaiki Cable Landing Station Decisions on Review & Stay of Pike River Improvement Notices NZ Winegrowers welcomes increase in seasonal workers Safer routes for Mt Roskill families Text Links Recent Comments Lan: Unbelievable that a WEST AUSTR... jackp: Murray, when Key is involved t... Murray Guy: There are no boundaries when i... Lan: Canada & EU do it..Bryce ... Lan: I read somewhere that they do ... Simon Johnson: The former Department of Labou... Andrew P Nichols: Long overdue. Nowhere else in ... Rafi: I look forward to Mr Lees-Gall... Kevin McMahon: Yes, good on Lord Monckton. ... Bee: How do you think Kim Jon Key m... Categories Article Column Opinion PressRelease Uncategorized Monthly Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 November 1999 Feeds RSS Posts RSS Comments Scoop Business © 2016 | Powered by Scoop Media | Terms of Use
null
Contact Newsagent Login Business Search Scoop     WIRES: SCOOPS PARLIAMENT POLITICS REGIONAL BUSINESS SCI-TECH WORLD CULTURE EDUCATION HEALTH SECTIONS: HOME COMMENT MULTIMEDIA NZ POLITICS BIZ & SCI/TECH WORLD LIFESTYLE ARCHIVES MOST READ VIDEO Video | Agriculture | Confidence | Economy | Energy | Employment | Finance | Media | Property | RBNZ | Science | SOEs | Tax | Technology | Telecoms | Tourism | Transport | Search    Related  Email  Print Scoop >> Business Tweet Scales lifts first-half profit 3% on record Mr Apple crop Thursday, 25 August 2016, 10:07 am Article: BusinessDesk Scales lifts first-half profit 3% on record Mr Apple crop, raises annual outlook By Paul McBeth Aug. 25 (BusinessDesk) - Scales Corp lifted first-half profit 3 percent and raised guidance for annual earnings as its Mr Apple unit delivered a record crop and met its 2020 export volume target four years early. Net profit rose to $33.8 million, or 24 cents per share, in the six months ended June 30 from $32.8 million, or 23.5 cents, a year earlier, the Christchurch-based company said in a statement. Revenue jumped 30 percent to $209.5 million, while earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation increased 3 percent to $54.2 million. That performance was underpinned by Scales' Mr Apple unit, with apple exports up 12 percent to a record 3.55 million TCEs (tray carton equivalents). "This is an excellent achievement from the entire Scales team and especially the Mr Apple team, which has delivered another record crop on existing resources and infrastructure," managing director Andy Borland said. "Mr Apple has packed a record 3.55 million TCEs, which is 12 percent above 2015 export volumes and meets a 2020 volume target four years ahead of schedule." New Zealand's biggest apple exporter doubled its annual profit in 2015, selling higher value products to key markets in Asia and the Middle East, beating the forecast in its 2014 prospectus. In December, Scales said that result wasn't likely to be repeated, predicting a more ordinary harvest for 2016, an absence of insurance proceeds from a hailstorm last year and some provisioning for reduced use of its coldstore network. Scales today said it expects ebitda of between $55 million and $62 million in the calendar year, up from a previous forecast of $48 million to $55 million. Net profit is expected to be between $29.6 million and $34.6 million. The company's horticulture unit increased profit 4.7 percent to $36 million on a 39 percent jump in revenue to $130.7 million, while its food ingredients business boosted sales 38 percent to $31.1 million for a 36 percent gain in profit tot $4.6 million. The storage and logistics division boosted external revenue 6 percent to $47.4 million, while profit slipped 12 percent to $9.2 million. Borland said its new Auckland coldstore was trading profitably and ahead of expectations though "industry headwinds" weighed on earnings and it was expected to deliver an annual result in line with 2015. Scales' board will consider an interim dividend payment later in the calendar year, with its policy to split returns evenly and pay them in January and July. The shares last traded at $3.50 and have climbed 46 percent this year, outpacing a 15 percent increase on the S&P/NZX All Index over the same period. (BusinessDesk) © Scoop Media BusinessDesk Independent, Trustworthy New Zealand Business News The Wellington-based BusinessDesk team led by former Bloomberg Asian top editor Jonathan Underhill and Qantas Award-winning journalist and commentator Pattrick Smellie provides a daily news feed for a serious business audience. CONTACT BUSINESSDESK Email - editor@businessdesk.co.nz   Tweet         Business Headlines | Sci-Tech Headlines BUSINESS, SCIENCE & TECH > >   Gordon Campbell: On The Government’s Tax Cuts Fixation Long before the earthquake hit, the dodginess of the government tax cuts programnme was evident in the language of its packaging. It is being touted as a “tax cuts and family care” package... More>> ALSO: BusinessDesk - Govt considering ‘family package’ rather than tax cuts alone - Too much migration discourages investment: Treasury The Treasury - Statement on the Long-Term Fiscal Position Labour - Talk of tax cuts is plain crazy - Treasury sounds warning bell – but National’s not listening - Don't believe the hype - debt has skyrocketed under National ACT - How to cut tax after an earthquake: eliminate waste Public Service Association - Continued promises of tax cuts "irresponsible" NZ Govt - Tax measures to help those affected by the quakes No Buyers: Pumpkin Patch Stores To Close No buyers have emerged for children's clothing retailer Pumpkin Patch, meaning the company will sell all stock and be wound down, with 63 people losing their jobs this week, the receivers have announced. More>> ALSO: KordaMentha - No buyer for Pumpkin Patch First Union - No buyer found for Pumpkin Patch, head office staff to go Immigration: Record Annual Net Gain Of 70,300 Migrants New Zealand’s unadjusted annual net gain (more arrivals than departures) of migrants was a record 70,300 in the October 2016 year, Statistics New Zealand said today. This surpasses the previous annual record of 70,000 in the September 2016 year More>> ALSO: BusinessDesk - Too much migration discourages investment: Treasury NZ First - National’s Immigration Madness Continues Dairy: Fonterra Hikes Forecast Payout 75 Cts To $6/kgMS Fonterra Cooperative Group has raised its forecast payout to farmers by 75 cents per kilogram of milk solids as dwindling production in Europe, Australia and New Zealand in the face of firm demand has helped rebalance global supply and demand. More>> ALSO: Fonterra - Fonterra Increases Farmgate Milk Price Federated Farmers - Brighter News To Finish A Tough Week Dairy NZ - Milk price brings welcome boost to economy BusinessDesk - Guy announces $5 mln primary sector support package Rabobank - World Dairy Trade Faces Strong Headwinds NZ Govt - Support package for earthquake-affected primary sector BusinessDesk - Dairy farms near Kaikoura forced to dump milk Fonterra - Fonterra Update on Earthquake Impact Geographical Indications Bill Passes: Wine Industry Welcomes New Legislation “Our ‘Geographical Indications’ - the names and places where our wines come from - are at the very heart of the New Zealand wine story and this new law provides an additional level of protection for them.” More>> ALSO: NZ Govt - Good news for wine and spirit industries NZ First - Geographical Indicators Bill Patronises Maori Spirits NZ - Spirits NZ Welcomes Passage of Geographic Indicators Bill The Price Of Cheese: Appeal Court Turns Down Fonterra Bid To Keep Inferior Terms Fonterra Cooperative Group has lost its bid to overturn a High Court ruling against inferior terms offered to the suppliers of the failed New Zealand Dairies Ltd business in South Canterbury. More>> ALSO: NZ Court of Appeal - Judgment: Fonterra v McIntyre and Williamson Get More From Scoop Submit News/Press Releases To Scoop Scoop Online Community Scoop Media on Facebook Follow Scoop on Twitter Scoop YouTube Channel   LATEST HEADLINES BUSINESS SCI-TECH Mantra Group Announces Five New Hotel Signings 5:28 PM | Mantra Group Yealands Wine Group Earthquake Update 5:24 PM | Yealands Wine Group Support For Quake Hit Taxpayers Fair And Reasonable 5:23 PM | Federated Farmers SodaStream Rejects Gag Order 5:10 PM | SodaStream Statement re sealing of Pike River Mine 4:57 PM | Solid Energy NZ Groundbreaking Ceremony of Hawaiki Cable Landing Station 4:55 PM | Hawaiki Cable NZ Winegrowers welcomes increase in seasonal workers 4:51 PM | New Zealand Winegrowers More   RSS Global influence hat trick for Lincoln professor 3:39 PM | Lincoln University Soul Machines raises Series A investment led by 12:51 PM | Soul Machines Artificial Intelligence deal biggest yet 11:37 AM | University of Auckland Satellite observations provide new insight into sea levels 10:52 AM | Victoria University of... Skin is the game for Kiwi regenerative medicine spinoff 9:41 AM | Upside Biotechnologies Scientists detect huge fault rupture offshore from Kaikoura 22/11/16 | NIWA Bacteria communicate to ramp up collective immune response 22/11/16 | University of Otago More   RSS   Featured InfoPages   Bill Bennett on Tech Australian websites download faster in Auckland th... 6:16 PM | Bill Bennett Work starts on Hawaiki – a faster, fatter pipe to ... 2:59 AM | Bill Bennett Much ado about Super Wi-Fi 5:08 AM | Bill Bennett How Ultrafast Broadband reforms changed telco sect... 20 Nov | Bill Bennett Surface Book underlines the problem with hybrids 19 Nov | Bill Bennett Microsoft Surface Book one year on 14 Nov | Bill Bennett More copper criticism as Vodafone joins fixed 4G w... 12 Nov | Bill Bennett More   RSS   BUSINESS.scoop Valuecruncher Boy Airlifted from Tongariro Crossing 3:36 PM | admin Motorcyclists warning: Burt Monroe Challenge this ... 3:32 PM | admin New animation shows how Western Ring Route will ea... 3:30 PM | admin Mantra Group Announces Five New Hotel Signings 3:28 PM | admin Kiwi Vapers Come to Kaikoura’s Rescue 3:26 PM | admin Yealands Wine Group Earthquake Update 3:24 PM | admin Support For Quake Hit Taxpayers Fair And Reasonabl... 3:23 PM | admin More   RSS News Alerts Valuecruncher data feeds 4:18 AM | The Crunch Updated Valuecruncher Dataset 02 Feb | The Crunch Guest Post – Andrew Smith on Apple (AAPL) 25 Nov | The Crunch Woodward Research provides free equity research re... 25 Nov | The Crunch Some quick thoughts on the LinkedIn ($LNKD) IPO 20 May | The Crunch Company of the Day Tweets – 30 December 2010 30 Dec | The Crunch NZX (New Zealand) Company of the Day Tweets – 30 D... 30 Dec | The Crunch More   RSS News Alerts     Powershop Loudhailer 1. Powershop and Pulse big winners of electricity customer switch 2. Stuff.co.nz: Stable power prices expected 3. Stuff.co.nz: Force against Powershop over Darth Vader image 4. Stuff.co.nz: Powershop 6th Fastest Growing Company in Asia Pacific 5. Forbes.com: Powershop - The eBay of Electricity by Tony Seba 6. NZ Herald: Powershop Tops Rankings For Consumer Satisfaction (Again)     Business SciTech Section Blogroll Business Business.scoop - Jonathan Underhill and Pattrick Smellie The Main Report - Trends In NZ Business NZ Transport Intelligence Briefing Profitable Agri-Business Farming News 2011 Election Results Graphic - NZ Election Results - 2011 NZ Election Results - 2011 NZ General Election Results Finance NZ Dollar/US Graph NZ & AUS Shares JP Yen/US Dollar Graph Global Share Markets Global Currencies Oil Futures Spot Gold Science Weather Underground Te Papa's Blog Technology GPS fleet management ReadWriteWeb - Web Apps, Web Technology Trends, Social Networking & Social Media Other Links New Fisher & Paykel kitchen appliances Business Management Training Courses Scoop Newsagent Media Monitoring Email Alerts Media Tracking     Contact Newsagent Login Business Search Scoop       Scoop.co.nz About Us Contact Submit News Services Advertise Newsagent Subscribe Login Scoop on Facebook Scoop on Twitter Scoop - Mobile Site Headline Wires Scoops Parliament Politics Regional Business Sci-Tech World Culture Education Health Sections Comment Multimedia NZ Politics Biz & Sci/Tech World Lifestyle Video Specialist Sites InfoPages TechLab Werewolf Gordon Campbell Business Scoop Pacific Scoop Gaza Scoop Auckland Scoop Wellington Scoop Community Scoop Parliament Today Advertising Scoop Search Scoop Scoop Media Cartel Scoop Public Address The Standard Theatreview LiveNews Pundit SpareRoom The Big Idea © Scoop Media |  Terms of Use |  Privacy Policy | Feedback  
Share 4 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2016-11-23 The Best Thanksgiving-Themed TV Episodes And Movies On Netflix, Hulu, And Amazon This Holiday Season Entertainment 2016-11-23 Emma Watson Passes ‘Harry Potter’ Baton To Eddie Redmayne As ‘Danish Girl’ Star Kicks Off ‘Fantastic Beasts’ Movies Entertainment 2016-11-23 Woman Crush Wednesday — Alicia Silverstone: From ‘Clueless’ Star To Nude Photos For PETA Entertainment 2016-11-22 Shannen Doherty Confirms ‘Heathers’ TV Land Role, Will Winona Ryder Join In? News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2016-11-23 Vanessa Marcotte Update: Investigators Receive New Tips In The Massachusetts Jogger Murder News 2016-11-23 Johnthony Walker: Tennessee School Bus Driver Asked Kids If They Were ‘Ready To Die’ Before Crash That Killed Five, Victim’s Mother Claims Opinion 2016-11-23 Fifth Harmony Follows In The Dixie Chicks’ Footsteps By Mixing Success And Politics [Opinion] News 2016-11-23 Two Airlines Hit With Pilot Strike: Lufthansa Cancels Almost 900 Flights While DHL And Amazon Shipments Could Be Delayed Over Black Friday Weekend Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Soccer 2016-11-23 Europa League Preview, Manchester United Vs. Feyenoord: Prediction, Starting Lineups, And Live Streaming Wrestling 2016-11-23 WWE News: Goldberg ‘Survivor Series’ Win Was All About Shocking The ‘Smart Marks’ Soccer 2016-11-23 Champions League Preview, Borussia Monchengladbach Vs. Manchester City: Live Stream, Prediction, Starting Lineups, And Betting Tips Sports 2016-11-23 NFL Picks Week 12: Thanksgiving Day Schedule Favors Dallas Cowboys, Pittsburgh Steelers Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Flyer Includes 16 Items Currently Available On Sale Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Trident Lakes: Subterranean Doomsday Prepper Village Being Built In Ector, Texas Lifestyle 2016-11-06 What’s Open On Veterans Day 2016 And Where Can Vets Get A Free Meal On Friday? Lifestyle 2016-11-05 When Does The Time Change? Daylight Saving Time Ends, But Not For Everyone Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2016-11-22 Turkey Safety: Guidelines To Dish Up A Fowl – Not Foul – Holiday Bird Health 2016-11-20 Prostate Cancer Second Opinions: Alternate Advice Might Not Force Treatment Change Health 2016-11-19 Microbes On ATM Keypads Come From Human Skin And Food, Study Says Health 2016-11-19 Zika No Longer A World Public Health Emergency, Claims WHO: Outraged, Brazil Says Chances Of Epidemic Still High Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2016-11-23 ‘Pokemon GO’ Ditto Sightings, Nearby Features Updates: Sightings Not Working Properly? Gaming 2016-11-23 ‘Watch Dogs 2’ DLC Will Not Follow ‘Assassin’s Creed’ Trend, Says Ubisoft Gaming 2016-11-23 ‘Pokemon Go’: Exact Release Date Of Generation Two, Starbucks-Pokemon Partnership Revealed? Gaming 2016-11-23 PS4 Pro Vs. PS4: Pros And Cons Of Upgrading To Sony’s New Gaming Console BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2016-11-23 Watch Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade Online, Mobile Apps, NBC TV: New Balloons, Floats, Celebrities Kick Off The Holiday Season On Turkey Day BuzzWorthy 2016-11-23 Repo Man Tows Elderly Couple’s Car, Then Pays It Off And Returns It [Video] BuzzWorthy 2016-11-22 Customers Are Angry About Starbucks’ Sneaky Price Hike BuzzWorthy 2016-11-22 Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Leaks Great Deals: Expanded Cyber Week Starts Early SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss iOS 10 Vs. Android 7 Nougat: See How Each OS Stacks Up Against The Other, Galaxy 7 Vs. iPhone 7 Comparison Mobile 4 0 0 August 24, 2016 iOS 10 Vs. Android 7 Nougat: See How Each OS Stacks Up Against The Other, Galaxy 7 Vs. iPhone 7 Comparison Kevin Carneglia iPhones and Androids seem to be locked in a never-ending battle of “anything you can do, I can do better.” Though Android is several years behind Apple in actual age, both companies’ operating systems (iOS 10 and Android Nougat) for mobile are relatively similar. However, Android has a reputation for allowing more flexibility inside its OS, while Apple is your best bet if you want a phone that’s reliable and secure. With that in mind, here’s how Android Nougat and Apple’s iOS 10 compare to one another. Multi-tasking As Business Insider will tell you, Android 7 (or Android N) lets you switch between your two most recent apps by double-tapping the recent apps button. Apple introduced multi-tasking to its iPad Pro models this year, but iPad Pros on iOS 10 aren’t necessarily as powerful at multitasking as their Droid counterparts. If you want shortcuts galore, Android N’s power flexibility is the way to go. Notifications The Verge mentions that notifications also gain more power thanks to Android Nougat. When you get a message of any kind, you’ll now be able to pull down on the bubble to write back without having to enter an app. Again, it’s Android’s openness and flexibility that allows for this. iOS 10 shows no signs of allowing users to quick reply without having to first open an app. Sorry, Siri. Pretty Neat! Tag an Apple Lover!???? DM Now selling Shoutouts ???????? DM Shoutout for Shoutout 15K+!!! ????????#iPhone6#iPhone6Plus#iPhone7#iPhone7Plus#iPhone#iPhone6s#iPhone6SPlus#Apple#AppleWatch#iWatch#PhotoOfTheDay#iPhoneSE#iphone5SE#SE#5SE#iPhone8#Tech#Technology#iPhone8s#iPhonePro #iPhone7Pro#iOS #iOS9#iOS10 Credit: @nicolay.t No Copyright Infringement Intended❌© @_iphone_8 FOLLOW???? @_iphone_se FOLLOW???? @color_curator FOLLOW???? @lights_illuminated FOLLOW???? A photo posted by iPhone 7 (@_iphone_7) on Aug 10, 2016 at 2:04pm PDT Quick Settings In Android 7, you’ll find that you can customize your quick settings, TechRadar notes. These are the handy little icons that appear when you swipe down the center of your home screen. iPhones have quick settings, too, but Apple dictates what goes where, and that can’t be changed. If you boot up a device on Android N, you’ll think your settings did yoga, they’re so flexible. Are you ready? So Soon..Big Surprise ???? Keep up with us the next few days. Follow us and invite your friends ↗↗ #freeiphone #iphone7 #iphone7s #iphone7splus #iphone7free #freeiphone6 #iphone6 #iphone6plus #winiphone6 #winiphone #iphone #iphoneus #iphoneuk #iphonefrance #workdwide #prize #awards #freebies A photo posted by iPhone 7 (@iphone7_freee) on Jul 12, 2016 at 3:29pm PDT Messaging Both iOS and Android are giving their messages a makeover as well, according to Trustedreviews. iOS 10 users will be able to use icons and animations in iMessages, while Team Nougat will get an all-new app that lets users book reservations and more right from the messaging system. This could possibly be done as an extension of the current system in place on Android and iOS, which hyperlinks, event dates, and times, and lets you add them to your calendar with a single tap. NEW VIDEO – iPhone 6s or Galaxy S7? – https://t.co/lzE1YRld9t RT! pic.twitter.com/8mvaPbvM8Z — Lewis (@UnboxTherapy) August 23, 2016 Battery Life Users of both companies have long been concerned about better battery life on their Android or Apple devices, and it seems Google and Apple are hearing those concerns. Nougat has a feature called Doze that will automatically put your phone into low-power mode if it senses it’s in your pocket, according to USA Today. Likewise, iPhones have had decent battery life for some time now, and Apple introduced a new option to turn off motion parallax in iOS 7. This option disables animations when moving between screens, possibly one of the most draining features. Yeezus approves this message. [Image Via Giphy.com] To Float Or Not To Float Make Use Of noted that Galaxy S7 devices possess the Floating Window feature. This shiny-but-useful improvement is like having Picture-In-Picture on your phone, letting one app “float” above all others. It can be useful if, for instance, you need to run numbers from a website while using your calculator and don’t want to look back and forth. iPhone 7’s do not currently possess any form of multi-tasking, but it’s possible we could see them in future models. A woman holds an iPhone 6S and uses the Instagram app. [Image Via Jirapong Manustrong/Shutterstock.com] Need A Lyft? Ask Siri! Despite not having multi-tasking, iOS 10 levels the playing field in other categories. Possibly anticipating Google’s book-a-reservation-from-your-messaging app, Apple has made Siri play nice with a number of apps. For instance, you can ask Siri to “get me a Lyft” when you need a ride or send money to someone using the SquareSpace app. No more worrying about forgetting your wallet! You can accomplish similar things through Apple’s Maps application as well. Tapping on a restaurant will open the option to book a reservation with OpenTable, for example. Google’s Answer To Siri By comparison, Google Now can book reservations and other similar appointments using the power of apps. This has been in place through many versions of Android, but keeps improving with each new generation. Google suggests apps depending on what you’re looking for and can even get a sense of what that is using just keywords. As an illustration, if you ask it for “best way to manage my music collection,” the mobile assistant might suggest Google Play and Amazon Music, and then give you direct links to download said applications. Crowd goers at Lollapalooza use their Galaxy S7 to record the stage. [Photo by Tasos Katopodis/Getty Images] Okay, Enough About Features! Which Is Faster? In a test done by Phone Arena, phones were assigned “points” to measure their fastness. The Galaxy S7 accumulated 145,143 points to the iPhone 6S Plus’ 58,664. Given that rumors are suggesting the iPhone 7 won’t be much faster than its predecessors, it’s safe to assume the Galaxy wins out for speed. However, the iPhone 7 is also said to be using a new processor, so only time can say for sure. [Photo by Ilya S. Savenok/Getty Images] Now Read This: Free Data Offer Prompts Vodafone Upgrades To 4G Devices Share 4 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Kevin Carneglia Tags: Android Nougat, Apple, Galaxy S7, ios 10 Comments LATEST HEADLINES Black Friday 2016: Skip The Madness And Grab These Amazing Online Deals—Amazon, Disney, And More Sherri Papini Update: Deadline Passes For Missing California Mom’s Ransom, Cameron Gamble Negotiator For New Reward Park Shin Hye: K-Drama Actress Of ‘Doctors’ Joins ‘Korea Food For The Hungry International’ Philanthropy Club After Donating 100 Million Won To Charity ‘Pizzagate’ Hits Voat Shortly After Being Banned On Reddit, Comet Ping Pong Nightmare Continues Europa League Preview, Manchester United Vs. Feyenoord: Prediction, Starting Lineups, And Live Streaming ‘RHOA’ Kandi Burruss’ Ex, Block, Says They And Riley Are One Happy Family WWE News: Goldberg ‘Survivor Series’ Win Was All About Shocking The ‘Smart Marks’ Watch Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade Online, Mobile Apps, NBC TV: New Balloons, Floats, Celebrities Kick Off The Holiday Season On Turkey Day Saturn’s Rings: NASA’s Cassini Spacecraft Preparing To Get A Never-Before-Seen Look What Major ‘TWD’ Character Should Die In The Walking Dead Season 7? [Poll] Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Queen Elizabeth And Prince Philip Celebrate 69 Years Of Marriage 21.4k 0 0 Vote Audit: Did Trump Win Fair Election Or A Rigged One? New Movement Seeks Data On Suspicious Vote Counts 17.6k 0 0 WWE News: Details On The Finish Of Brock Lesnar Vs. Goldberg Match – Who Knew? How Long Has It Been Planned? 4.6k 0 0 Brock Lesnar Vs. Goldberg Was A Disgrace, And So Was WWE Survivor Series [Opinion] 3.5k 0 0 ‘Sons Of Anarchy’ Spin-Off ‘Mayans MC’ Confirmed By FX, Charlie Hunnam And Ryan Hurst Set To Return? 3k 0 0 WWE News: Goldberg Set To Appear At The ‘Royal Rumble’ 2.9k 0 0 Presidential Election Popular Vote: Hillary Clinton On Course To Win 2.5 Million More Votes Than Donald Trump 2.8k 0 0 Recent Headlines WWE News: Goldberg ‘Survivor Series’ Win Was All About Shocking The ‘Smart Marks’ 0 0 0 ‘General Hospital’ Spoilers: Brenda’s Return To Port Charles Suggested By Cryptic Tweet? 0 0 0 Chris Brown & Rihanna Urged To Start Dating Again Amid Reconciliation Reports 2 0 0 The Best Thanksgiving-Themed TV Episodes And Movies On Netflix, Hulu, And Amazon This Holiday Season 0 0 0 Kanye West’s Stepmom Tells All: How His Childhood Affected The ‘Egomaniac’ 0 0 0 Chris Brown And Krista Santiago Dating? ‘Famous’ Singer Unveils New Art Project With Rumored Girlfriend On Instagram 0 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2016 The Inquisitr News.
Skip to main content The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business Business Banking & Finance Property Ad/Media Politics Tech Law & Courts Motoring Arts & Film Rich List Markets Appointments Poll Results AMA Print Edition Radio Masters of Business Treasury double-dares the politicians Search form Search Home Meet Our Journos Advertise Help Contact Special Reports Subscribe Search Log in Log in Business Banking & Finance Property Ad/Media Politics Tech Law & Courts Motoring Arts & Film Rich List Markets Appointments Poll Results AMA Print Edition Radio Masters of Business Treasury double-dares the politicians . Scales lifts first-half profit 3% on record Mr Apple crop, raises annual outlook Paul McBeth Thursday August 25, 2016 2 Share Scales chief executive Andy Borland Play NBR radio on SCLadd to my Stocks SCL Scales Corporation Ltd $3.270 0.000 0.000% Volume: 43,026 Scales Corp [NZX: SCL] lifted first-half profit 3 percent and raised guidance for annual earnings as its Mr Apple unit delivered a record crop and met its 2020 export volume target four years early. Net profit rose to $33.8 million, or 24 cents per share, in the six months ended June 30 from $32.8 million, or 23.5 cents, a year earlier, the Christchurch-based company said in a statement. Revenue jumped 30 percent to $209.5 million, while earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation increased 3 percent to $54.2 million. That performance was underpinned by Scales' Mr Apple unit, with apple exports up 12 percent to a record 3.55 million TCEs (tray carton equivalents). "This is an excellent achievement from the entire Scales team and especially the Mr Apple team, which has delivered another record crop on existing resources and infrastructure," managing director Andy Borland said. "Mr Apple has packed a record 3.55 million TCEs, which is 12 percent above 2015 export volumes and meets a 2020 volume target four years ahead of schedule." New Zealand's biggest apple exporter doubled its annual profit in 2015, selling higher value products to key markets in Asia and the Middle East, beating the forecast in its 2014 prospectus. In December, Scales said that result wasn't likely to be repeated, predicting a more ordinary harvest for 2016, an absence of insurance proceeds from a hailstorm last year and some provisioning for reduced use of its coldstore network. Scales today said it expects ebitda of between $55 million and $62 million in the calendar year, up from a previous forecast of $48 million to $55 million. Net profit is expected to be between $29.6 million and $34.6 million. The company's horticulture unit increased profit 4.7 percent to $36 million on a 39 percent jump in revenue to $130.7 million, while its food ingredients business boosted sales 38 percent to $31.1 million for a 36 percent gain in profit tot $4.6 million. The storage and logistics division boosted external revenue 6 percent to $47.4 million, while profit slipped 12 percent to $9.2 million. Borland said its new Auckland coldstore was trading profitably and ahead of expectations though "industry headwinds" weighed on earnings and it was expected to deliver an annual result in line with 2015. Scales' board will consider an interim dividend payment later in the calendar year, with its policy to split returns evenly and pay them in January and July. The shares last traded at $3.50 and have climbed 46 percent this year, outpacing a 15 percent increase on the S&P/NZX All Index over the same period. (BusinessDesk) Click the hamburger symbol top right of our homepage to access the Rich List 2016 and other sections. 2 · Got a question about this story? Leave it in Comments & Questions below. This article is tagged with the following keywords. Find out more about MyNBR Tags scales corp earnings season Related Articles:  Scales chairman Mayson to step down next year Wed 8 Jun 16 1 Paid content Scales deal on ice as overseas investor stake tallied Thu 24 Mar 16 9 2 Comments & Questions Commenter icon key: Subscriber Verified #1 by Crackity  3 months ago Share price down 24 cents at opening. No pleasing some people eh? Reply Share Share   2 0 #2 by The Moose 3 months ago Under promise, over deliver - seems to be the mantra of Scales. Reaching their long-term forecast 4 years early is incredible, not to mention paying a healthy dividend and still expanding production. Hope these guys celebrate with a big glass of cider tonight, they deserve it. Reply Share Share   2 0 Post New comment or question Your name Comment * More information about text formats Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. Home page NZ Market Snapshot Forex Sym Price Change USD 0.7009 -0.0059 -0.83% AUD 0.9485 -0.0057 -0.60% EUR 0.6637 -0.0009 -0.14% GBP 0.5626 -0.0063 -1.11% HKD 5.4355 -0.0457 -0.83% JPY 78.8270 0.4030 0.51% Commods Commodity Price Change Time Gold Index 1211.2 -1.560 2016-11-22T00: Oil Brent 49.2 0.240 2016-11-22T00: Oil Nymex 48.1 -0.200 2016-11-22T00: Silver Index 16.6 0.110 2016-11-22T00: Indices Symbol Open High Last % NZX 50 6817.7 6859.3 6816.4 0.51% NASDAQ 5366.6 5372.9 5386.4 -0.32% DAX 10718.9 10742.7 10713.9 -0.48% DJI 19015.5 19074.5 19023.9 0.23% FTSE 6819.7 6880.7 6819.7 -0.03% HKSE 22702.4 22804.3 22678.1 -0.01% NI225 18091.0 18175.6 18106.0 0.31% ASX 5413.3 5488.5 5413.3 1.31% Most Popular Read MARKET CLOSE: NZ shares rise, A2 and Mainfreight hit records Trade Me founder to leave mid-December Treasury double-dares the politicians Mark Sagar's Baby X spin-out gains $US7.5m in VC funding PM on hand for $500m Hawaiki Cable’s symbolic sod-turning Commented TPP, you're fired: Trump says he'll jettison trade deal on Day One Support for shifting seat of government after earth moves in Wellington Opinion: Who are we to mock the Life of Brian? Latest milk price hasn't triggered Fonterra interest-free loan payback yet No buyer found for Pumpkin Patch; stores will close Most listened to What's the story behind the story? Our special feature audio offers a mix of comment from journalists, experts and panel discussions. Hawaiki Cable's Malcolm Dick on taking on Southern Cross Arvida's Bill McDonald talks through the company's results Other countries would kill for NZ govt debt levels, says Rob Hosking In Editor's Insight, Nevil Gibson explores trade options after the TPP and focuses on Iran A2 Milk CEO Geoff Babidge on the outlook; chairman David Hearn on hiking directors' fees Only available on Features NBR Rich List Full results and analysis of the 2016 NBR Rich List People Scene Catching people out and about Appointments People in business NBR Special Report Our reporters examine what’s happening in industry sectors The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business Home Meet Our Journos Advertise Help Contact Special Reports Subscribe Search Log in Log in Share Copyright Notice Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions RSS feeds Share width="1" height="1" alt="" /> Scales lifts first-half profit 3% on record Mr Apple crop, raises annual outlook
null
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Gallery Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe             TRENDING ON BS #Demonetisation #TataVsMistry #TrumpAtWhiteHouse News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » International » News » Companies 3 killed in Myanmar earthquake Business Standard Apple becomes a green energy supplier Apple's move comes as prices for renewable energy continue to plummet Diane Cardwell  August 25, 2016 Last Updated at 00:16 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2TGwwre Copy tiny URL to save and share articles. ALSO READ Renewable energy gets new lease of life Delhi Metro puts green energy on new track Jayalalithaa seeks to expedite inter-state green energy corridor Eight states to offer Rs 5,000-crore green-grid projects Apple, energy stocks drag down Wall Street Although much of Apple's manufacturing is done offshore, it still has extensive needs for electric power in the United States - and not only for the sprawling new corporate campus it is building at its headquarters in Cupertino, California, and its 270 retail stores around the country. One of Apple's biggest demands for electricity comes from operating the computing cloud through which it sells apps, music and videos to users of its iPhones, iPads and Mac computers. Apple's move comes as prices for renewable energy continue to plummet. And signing long-term contracts allows businesses to shield themselves from potentially higher, more volatile charges from a power company. Apple would not say how much it was paying for California Flats's energy, but Jackson said last year at a Wall Street Journal conference that it was less than what it paid for commercial power. She said she expected the company to save hundreds of millions of dollars over the life of the contract. Google, which received its federal energy wholesale designation from the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission in 2010, is a big proponent of the approach Apple is now taking. "Running any kind of business, having predictability in terms of your operating costs can be very important," said Gary Demasi, director of operations for data center energy and location strategy at Google, which has been a leading investor in and user of clean energy. "Renewable energy, from a cost perspective, is now competitive with other forms of energy, much more so than it was a few years ago." In the United States, the generating capacity of corporate clean energy projects has more than doubled each year since 2013, according to the Business Renewables Center at the Rocky Mountain Institute, which tracks publicly announced deals. In 2015, 11 companies signed up for 3.23 gigawatts' worth of projects, roughly the equivalent of five coal plants and up from 1.18 gigawatts the year before. Executives face greater pressure from shareholders and customers to show that they are doing their part to fight climate change. At the same time, corporate energy use has exploded, driven in many cases by the ravenous demands of the data cloud. "We are all becoming very large energy players, and this is a shift," said Brian Janous, director of energy strategy at Microsoft. "Energy is not something that Microsoft or Amazon or Google really ever had to think much about prior to the advent of the cloud." Helping drive that shift are environmental groups like the World Resources Institute. In May, it helped create the Renewable Energy Buyers Alliance, a coalition of nonprofits that has more than 60 corporations in its network, including McDonald's and General Motors, as well as Google and Walmart. Electric utilities have begun to respond by creating products and services to meet the corporate demand for clean energy, said Letha Tawney, the World Resources Institute's director of utility innovation. One such product is a green tariff. It was pioneered in North Carolina by Duke Energy and is now under consideration in about a dozen states. It allows companies to designate that they are paying for a renewable energy supply. Another is a synthetic or virtual power purchase agreement, under which companies contract to buy the output of a clean power plant, as Apple is doing with California Flats. Although the companies say these arrangements mean they are running their businesses on renewable energy, in reality the clean power often does not flow directly to their facilities. They typically buy the renewable energy in amounts to match what they draw from the grid - a system of swaps that Jackson of Apple likened to using an ATM. "The dollar you deposit in the bank might not be the exact same bill that you get out," she said. Robert F Shapiro, a partner at the law firm Chadbourne & Parke who focuses on project finance and energy, describes it as meaningful symbolism. "They're actually getting power from their local utility, which may be coal," Shapiro said. "But they're deemed to have put into the world carbon-neutral energy, which they are deemed to have used for their load." To keep track of the clean energy credits, power generators work with registries to issue numbered certificates. "The power flows into the grid. The electrons go where they go," Tawney said. "But because there's a renewable-energy certificate, no one else can claim the same zero-carbon benefit." Such complexities are necessary, executives and clean energy advocates say, because it is not often feasible to install enough renewable-power generators at corporate sites to meet companies' full energy needs. Walmart, despite having installed solar panels, wind turbines and fuel cells at stores and distribution centers, can nonetheless meet only about a third of those operations' energy needs. So it also buys renewable energy from generators and utilities, said David Ozment, director of energy at Walmart stores. Procter & Gamble, another member of the energy buyers' alliance, has arranged to purchase all of the steam from a biomass generator under construction at a plant in Georgia where it makes Charmin toilet paper and Bounty paper towels, said Jack McAneny, the company's director of sustainability. But that was possible, he said, only because of the plant's location near a source of waste wood and pulp for fuel and the cooperation of P&G's partners. Among those partners are the local utility, Georgia Power, which will buy the electricity from the generator for its customers from Constellation, the company that developed and will own and operate the generator. At Apple, where the purchase or production of renewable energy has more than tripled since 2012, the company would prefer to not have to go to great lengths to ensure a clean energy supply, Ms. Jackson said. But the public energy grid is simply still too dependent on carbon-based fuels to make that possible. "If we had our preference, we'd just be able to say, 'We want 100 percent green power everywhere we use power,'" Ms. Jackson said. "The best would be if we could run every one of our stores, every one of our data centers, every office complex, every building we have, on 100 percent renewable - and if we didn't have to spend a whole bunch of our time and energy figuring out how to get that done." © 2016 The New York Times News Service Read More On Apple | Green Energy | International | Companies PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Punto Evo - With Cash Benefits upto ? 60,000. Know More. T&C Buy New Age Health Insurance with Added Benefits New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Fiat Linea - 125PS Power &TouchScreen Navigation System.T&C. Intelligent Retail of the Future Enjoy Free Stock Trading with Upstox Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Super Saver Health Insurance for Whole Family Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? Apple becomes a green energy supplier Apple's move comes as prices for renewable energy continue to plummet Apple's move comes as prices for renewable energy continue to plummet Although much of Apple's manufacturing is done offshore, it still has extensive needs for electric power in the United States - and not only for the sprawling new corporate campus it is building at its headquarters in Cupertino, California, and its 270 retail stores around the country. One of Apple's biggest demands for electricity comes from operating the computing cloud through which it sells apps, music and videos to users of its iPhones, iPads and Mac computers. Apple's move comes as prices for renewable energy continue to plummet. And signing long-term contracts allows businesses to shield themselves from potentially higher, more volatile charges from a power company. Apple would not say how much it was paying for California Flats's energy, but Jackson said last year at a Wall Street Journal conference that it was less than what it paid for commercial power. She said she expected the company to save hundreds of millions of dollars over the life of the contract. Google, which received its federal energy wholesale designation from the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission in 2010, is a big proponent of the approach Apple is now taking. "Running any kind of business, having predictability in terms of your operating costs can be very important," said Gary Demasi, director of operations for data center energy and location strategy at Google, which has been a leading investor in and user of clean energy. "Renewable energy, from a cost perspective, is now competitive with other forms of energy, much more so than it was a few years ago." In the United States, the generating capacity of corporate clean energy projects has more than doubled each year since 2013, according to the Business Renewables Center at the Rocky Mountain Institute, which tracks publicly announced deals. In 2015, 11 companies signed up for 3.23 gigawatts' worth of projects, roughly the equivalent of five coal plants and up from 1.18 gigawatts the year before. Executives face greater pressure from shareholders and customers to show that they are doing their part to fight climate change. At the same time, corporate energy use has exploded, driven in many cases by the ravenous demands of the data cloud. "We are all becoming very large energy players, and this is a shift," said Brian Janous, director of energy strategy at Microsoft. "Energy is not something that Microsoft or Amazon or Google really ever had to think much about prior to the advent of the cloud." Helping drive that shift are environmental groups like the World Resources Institute. In May, it helped create the Renewable Energy Buyers Alliance, a coalition of nonprofits that has more than 60 corporations in its network, including McDonald's and General Motors, as well as Google and Walmart. Electric utilities have begun to respond by creating products and services to meet the corporate demand for clean energy, said Letha Tawney, the World Resources Institute's director of utility innovation. One such product is a green tariff. It was pioneered in North Carolina by Duke Energy and is now under consideration in about a dozen states. It allows companies to designate that they are paying for a renewable energy supply. Another is a synthetic or virtual power purchase agreement, under which companies contract to buy the output of a clean power plant, as Apple is doing with California Flats. Although the companies say these arrangements mean they are running their businesses on renewable energy, in reality the clean power often does not flow directly to their facilities. They typically buy the renewable energy in amounts to match what they draw from the grid - a system of swaps that Jackson of Apple likened to using an ATM. "The dollar you deposit in the bank might not be the exact same bill that you get out," she said. Robert F Shapiro, a partner at the law firm Chadbourne & Parke who focuses on project finance and energy, describes it as meaningful symbolism. "They're actually getting power from their local utility, which may be coal," Shapiro said. "But they're deemed to have put into the world carbon-neutral energy, which they are deemed to have used for their load." To keep track of the clean energy credits, power generators work with registries to issue numbered certificates. "The power flows into the grid. The electrons go where they go," Tawney said. "But because there's a renewable-energy certificate, no one else can claim the same zero-carbon benefit." Such complexities are necessary, executives and clean energy advocates say, because it is not often feasible to install enough renewable-power generators at corporate sites to meet companies' full energy needs. Walmart, despite having installed solar panels, wind turbines and fuel cells at stores and distribution centers, can nonetheless meet only about a third of those operations' energy needs. So it also buys renewable energy from generators and utilities, said David Ozment, director of energy at Walmart stores. Procter & Gamble, another member of the energy buyers' alliance, has arranged to purchase all of the steam from a biomass generator under construction at a plant in Georgia where it makes Charmin toilet paper and Bounty paper towels, said Jack McAneny, the company's director of sustainability. But that was possible, he said, only because of the plant's location near a source of waste wood and pulp for fuel and the cooperation of P&G's partners. Among those partners are the local utility, Georgia Power, which will buy the electricity from the generator for its customers from Constellation, the company that developed and will own and operate the generator. At Apple, where the purchase or production of renewable energy has more than tripled since 2012, the company would prefer to not have to go to great lengths to ensure a clean energy supply, Ms. Jackson said. But the public energy grid is simply still too dependent on carbon-based fuels to make that possible. "If we had our preference, we'd just be able to say, 'We want 100 percent green power everywhere we use power,'" Ms. Jackson said. "The best would be if we could run every one of our stores, every one of our data centers, every office complex, every building we have, on 100 percent renewable - and if we didn't have to spend a whole bunch of our time and energy figuring out how to get that done." © 2016 The New York Times News Service Diane Cardwell Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Apple becomes a green energy supplier Apple's move comes as prices for renewable energy continue to plummet Although much of Apple's manufacturing is done offshore, it still has extensive needs for electric power in the United States - and not only for the sprawling new corporate campus it is building at its headquarters in Cupertino, California, and its 270 retail stores around the country. One of Apple's biggest demands for electricity comes from operating the computing cloud through which it sells apps, music and videos to users of its iPhones, iPads and Mac computers. Apple's move comes as prices for renewable energy continue to plummet. And signing long-term contracts allows businesses to shield themselves from potentially higher, more volatile charges from a power company. Apple would not say how much it was paying for California Flats's energy, but Jackson said last year at a Wall Street Journal conference that it was less than what it paid for commercial power. She said she expected the company to save hundreds of millions of dollars over the life of the contract. Google, which received its federal energy wholesale designation from the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission in 2010, is a big proponent of the approach Apple is now taking. "Running any kind of business, having predictability in terms of your operating costs can be very important," said Gary Demasi, director of operations for data center energy and location strategy at Google, which has been a leading investor in and user of clean energy. "Renewable energy, from a cost perspective, is now competitive with other forms of energy, much more so than it was a few years ago." In the United States, the generating capacity of corporate clean energy projects has more than doubled each year since 2013, according to the Business Renewables Center at the Rocky Mountain Institute, which tracks publicly announced deals. In 2015, 11 companies signed up for 3.23 gigawatts' worth of projects, roughly the equivalent of five coal plants and up from 1.18 gigawatts the year before. Executives face greater pressure from shareholders and customers to show that they are doing their part to fight climate change. At the same time, corporate energy use has exploded, driven in many cases by the ravenous demands of the data cloud. "We are all becoming very large energy players, and this is a shift," said Brian Janous, director of energy strategy at Microsoft. "Energy is not something that Microsoft or Amazon or Google really ever had to think much about prior to the advent of the cloud." Helping drive that shift are environmental groups like the World Resources Institute. In May, it helped create the Renewable Energy Buyers Alliance, a coalition of nonprofits that has more than 60 corporations in its network, including McDonald's and General Motors, as well as Google and Walmart. Electric utilities have begun to respond by creating products and services to meet the corporate demand for clean energy, said Letha Tawney, the World Resources Institute's director of utility innovation. One such product is a green tariff. It was pioneered in North Carolina by Duke Energy and is now under consideration in about a dozen states. It allows companies to designate that they are paying for a renewable energy supply. Another is a synthetic or virtual power purchase agreement, under which companies contract to buy the output of a clean power plant, as Apple is doing with California Flats. Although the companies say these arrangements mean they are running their businesses on renewable energy, in reality the clean power often does not flow directly to their facilities. They typically buy the renewable energy in amounts to match what they draw from the grid - a system of swaps that Jackson of Apple likened to using an ATM. "The dollar you deposit in the bank might not be the exact same bill that you get out," she said. Robert F Shapiro, a partner at the law firm Chadbourne & Parke who focuses on project finance and energy, describes it as meaningful symbolism. "They're actually getting power from their local utility, which may be coal," Shapiro said. "But they're deemed to have put into the world carbon-neutral energy, which they are deemed to have used for their load." To keep track of the clean energy credits, power generators work with registries to issue numbered certificates. "The power flows into the grid. The electrons go where they go," Tawney said. "But because there's a renewable-energy certificate, no one else can claim the same zero-carbon benefit." Such complexities are necessary, executives and clean energy advocates say, because it is not often feasible to install enough renewable-power generators at corporate sites to meet companies' full energy needs. Walmart, despite having installed solar panels, wind turbines and fuel cells at stores and distribution centers, can nonetheless meet only about a third of those operations' energy needs. So it also buys renewable energy from generators and utilities, said David Ozment, director of energy at Walmart stores. Procter & Gamble, another member of the energy buyers' alliance, has arranged to purchase all of the steam from a biomass generator under construction at a plant in Georgia where it makes Charmin toilet paper and Bounty paper towels, said Jack McAneny, the company's director of sustainability. But that was possible, he said, only because of the plant's location near a source of waste wood and pulp for fuel and the cooperation of P&G's partners. Among those partners are the local utility, Georgia Power, which will buy the electricity from the generator for its customers from Constellation, the company that developed and will own and operate the generator. At Apple, where the purchase or production of renewable energy has more than tripled since 2012, the company would prefer to not have to go to great lengths to ensure a clean energy supply, Ms. Jackson said. But the public energy grid is simply still too dependent on carbon-based fuels to make that possible. "If we had our preference, we'd just be able to say, 'We want 100 percent green power everywhere we use power,'" Ms. Jackson said. "The best would be if we could run every one of our stores, every one of our data centers, every office complex, every building we have, on 100 percent renewable - and if we didn't have to spend a whole bunch of our time and energy figuring out how to get that done." © 2016 The New York Times News Service Diane Cardwell Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2015 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Elections 2016 Assam Elections Kerala Elections Tamil Nadu Elections West Bengal Elections Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Toggle Navigation A-   A+ Sign in News   Stock Home «Back US steps up fight against EU tax crackdown on Apple AFP/PTI | Washington Aug 26, 2016 12:12 AM IST The US stepped up its fight against the European Commission’s (EC) crackdown on tax avoidance by Apple and other multinational companies, accusing the commission of unilateralism and overstepping its mandate. In a white paper, the US Treasury said the EC probe into alleged special tax treatment that certain EU countries gave Apple, Amazon, Starbucks and Fiat Chrysler “undermines the international tax system.” With potentially billions of dollars in tax levies at stake, the Treasury also reiterated its view that the investigations “disproportionately” target US companies and would prevent Washington from recovering taxes that it is eying from the companies’ offshore earnings. “These investigations have major implications for the United States. In particular, recoveries imposed by the Commission would have an outsized impact on US companies,” said Treasury Deputy Assistant Secretary for International Tax Affairs Robert Stack in a statement. “US taxpayers could wind up eventually footing the bill” if the commission forces the companies into tax settlements, he said. The US acknowledged the problems around the issue of multinational firms obtaining state aid, in the form of secret and extremely lucrative tax breaks, from Ireland, Belgium and Luxembourg for setting up business in those countries. But it said those deals were made under international treaties and accepted tax practices. The Treasury accused the EC in the white paper of taking a “new approach” to established European Union tax law in challenging EU member states’ legal tax breaks offered to multinational firms. In addition, the Treasury said the European Commission is effectively changing the tax rules now, but planning to apply them retroactively to the companies, which the US said was inconsistent with EU law and international practice. “The Commission should not seek retroactive recoveries under its new approach,” the white paper said. Moreover, the white paper said the commission was acting as “a supra-national tax authority” that oversteps its powers in EU challenging member state tax policies. In a statement, an EC spokesperson denied it was targeting US companies in particular and said that EU rules do not allow national tax authorities to give tax breaks to some companies that are not available to others. If such breaks are ruled illegal, the benefits from them have to be repaid. “This is a standard feature of EU state aid rules,” the spokesperson said. Advertisement << Previous Article   «Back Most Read Ratan Tata's ego caused financial mess for group firms: Cyrus Mistry Demonetisation: Problem of plenty for RBI as banks park record Rs 4.32 lakh crore Demonetisation: Union Minister latest victim as hospital declines to accept old notes Supreme Court refuses to stay petitions against demonetisation No transaction charges on debit card payments: Govt More From Current Affairs HC raps agencies over slow probe of Dabholkar, Pansare murders Pak summons Indian Deputy HC for third time this week Centre removes Delhi Chief Secy Kewal Kumar Sharma Woman beaten to death by daughter-in-law 3 boys feared drowned in Rajasthan canal [ more ] Top Stories ICICI Prudential MF's attraction story Profit-sharing deals with PEs will need shareholders' nod Rs 1 lakh crore shaved off Tata group cos' m-cap since Mistry's ouster F C Kohli debunks Mistry's TCS sale claim SBI cuts bulk deposit rates by 1.25-1.9% [ more ] Markets ICICI Prudential MF's attraction story Fall below 7,900 could take Nifty to 7,500-7,600 levels Profit-sharing deals with PEs will need shareholders' nod Sesame output likely to fall 40% due to unfavourable climate Impact of demonetisation largely priced in: Ridham Desai [ more ] Companies Wadia sends third notice to Tata Sons Mistry knows where all the bodies are buried in Tata Group: Kumar Rs 1 lakh crore shaved off Tata group cos' m-cap since Mistry's ouster F C Kohli debunks Mistry's TCS sale claim Azim Premji-backed FSS plans to raise $250 million [ more ] Opinion Gujarat Gas results set off downgrades Expect lower growth at Eicher Reliance Industries valuation at 10-yr low Don't revive inspector raj Resolving a disagreement [ more ] Latest News ICICI Prudential MF's attraction story Fall below 7,900 could take Nifty to 7,500-7,600 levels Finders can't be keepers Profit-sharing deals with PEs will need shareholders' nod Sesame output likely to fall 40% due to unfavourable climate [ more ] Today's Paper Rs 1 lakh crore shaved off Tata group cos' m-cap since Mistry's ouster Zara's recipe for success: More data, fewer bosses Debit card charges dropped, farmers to get easier cash access We should have 5 million customers by 2020: David Mcmillan, Aviva Europe Pakistan's jihad makers [ more ] News you can use Demonetisation: Stricter norms for NRIs Spread equity investments over three-four months Deposits above Rs 2.5 lakh: Don't panic if you receive the I-T notice Expect your household budget to shoot up: Going cashless comes at a cost Opportunities amid chaos New Balance created its PR crisis. Neo-Nazis aren't helping [ more ]    X Share Box Permalink http://mybs.in/2TGwwrR Home Today's Paper Top Stories Demonetisation Impact Latest News Market News Market Data Companies Economy & Policy Opinion Finance Personal Finance Current Affairs Politics Technology General News International Management Weekend Portfolio Have Your Say Ask Expert Photo Gallery Columnists Videos B2B Connect Live Chat Top Stories Market News Market Data Companies Opinion Economy & Policy Finance Jobs Politics Technology Personal Finance Current Affairs International Management Weekend B2B Connect General News General Photo Gallery Latest News Today's Paper Videos About Us Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Copyrights © 2016 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved | View Desktop Site
x PhoneArena is hiring! Reviewer in the USA PhoneArena Search Login Register Home Phones Carriers Verizon AT&T Sprint T-Mobile View all Manufacturers Samsung Sony LG Apple Motorola Microsoft HTC BlackBerry View all Phone tools Phone finder New phones Popular phones Compare phones Size compare Best phones Camera comparison Benchmarks Tablets Carriers Verizon AT&T Sprint T-Mobile Manufacturers Apple Samsung Asus Amazon Tablet tools Tablet finder New tablets Popular tablets Compare tablets News Reviews Videos Tip us Home Phones Carriers Verizon AT&T Sprint T-Mobile more ... Brands Samsung LG Motorola HTC Sony Apple Microsoft BlackBerry more ... Tablets Carriers Verizon AT&T Sprint T-Mobile more ... Brands Samsung Motorola HTC LG BlackBerry Apple Nokia more ... News Reviews Videos Tip us Tools Phone Finder Compare phones Size compare Camera comparison Best phones Discussions Benchmarks Show menu Home › News › Siri will sound more human on iOS 10 Siri will sound more human on iOS 10 Posted: 24 Aug 2016, 16:27, by Alan F. Share Tweet Share Tags : iOS-iOS+ Apple-Apple+ Software updates-Software updates+ Next month, when iOS 10 is released, you might notice a change in Siri's voice. According to a report that cites the head of advanced development for Siri, Tom Gruber, machine learning will help Siri sound more human and less robotic. Apple's virtual personal assistant accesses words recorded in a database and strings them together to form sentences. Siri's cadence and voice has become almost a trademark of the iPhone and iPad, and has been used on various television shows and commercials. Back in 2013, we told you about Susan Bennett who claims to be the original voice of Siri. Bennett's voice was recorded back in July 2005 as she spoke nonsensical phrases and words. The pitch was adjusted in order to change the sound. In July 2014, Apple moved Siri's voice recognition to a neural net, which greatly improved the assistant's ability to understand what is being asked by users. This change was made on the sly by Apple, which had kept the news quiet until today's report. "We’ve been seeing over the last five years a growth of this inside Apple. Our devices are getting so much smarter at a quicker rate, especially with our Apple design A series chips. The back ends are getting so much smarter, faster, and everything we do finds some reason to be connected. This enables more and more machine learning techniques, because there is so much stuff to learn, and it’s available to [us]."-Phil Schiller SVP worldwide marketing, Apple We might have a clue as to when Apple will make this change. The other day, Barbara Streisand complained to Apple CEO Tim Cook about the way Siri called her "Streizand." According to the star, Cook told her that this would be taken care of with an iOS update on September 30th. source:  Backchannel via AppleInsider Supposed 'iPhone 6se' appears on Geekbench, comfortably beats the iPhone 24 Aug Prev news The long-awaited NFC Ring will finally land on your finger this December 24 Aug Next news Close newer posts Bing and Skype for Android apps both receive updates 24 Aug New LG V20 photo leaks out 24 Aug Verizon's pre-paid subscribers now have HD Voice (VoLTE) 24 Aug The long-awaited NFC Ring will finally land on your finger this December 24 Aug Now reading: Siri will sound more human on iOS 10 Siri will sound more human on iOS 10 24 Aug Supposed 'iPhone 6se' appears on Geekbench, comfortably beats the iPhone 24 Aug Android 7.0 Nougat (sort of) up and running on the Google Nexus 5 24 Aug The elusive Hasselblad Moto Z camera module allegedly spotted; looks a 24 Aug Project Fi's Wi-Fi Assistant now works with Nexus models running on any 24 Aug This Russian woman snaps the most dangerous, but stunning, selfies 24 Aug older posts Featured stories   LG V20 camera tips and tricks   When will my phone get Android 7.0 Nougat?   Best high-end Samsung smartphones you can get right now (November 2016)   iPhone 7 Plus vs $1600 camera: which takes better portraits?   Nokia's return to smartphones confirmed for 2017   Bezelless Galaxy S8 and iPhone 8? Yes, they can! 9 Comments Follow Following Options Close Always view all comments Show comments: default hide low rated show moderated comments Display mode: Threaded Chronological Newest first Save posted on 24 Aug 2016, 15:39 4 Reply 1. Unordinary (Posts: 1946; Member since: 04 Nov 2015) She already sounds "more human", especially the British and Australian female and male voice variants (compared to other voice assistants. Its the reason I dreaded using Google Maps before.. it sounded so horrible. Its better now though. posted on 24 Aug 2016, 15:45 6 Reply 2. palmguy (Posts: 563; Member since: 22 Mar 2011) Siri has always sounded like the electronic box voice of people with throat cancer who use the little tool to talk. posted on 24 Aug 2016, 15:49 4 Reply 4. AlikMalix (Posts: 6233; Member since: 16 Jul 2014) Siri sounds like a human bein. Compared to Google Now - which most of the time just gives you a "ding" instead of a verbal response. posted on 24 Aug 2016, 15:48 0 Reply 3. AlikMalix (Posts: 6233; Member since: 16 Jul 2014) Siri is just fine the way it is - although any further research and design is welcome. The only one thing I'd work on when it comes to Siri is the rare occasions she has a "blackout" - meaning, the phone will take your command and get stuck loading the results. You can wait and most of the time it'll be "I'm having trouble processing the request (or something like that), or you just try again and Siri is all of a sudden works fine. (It's not a connection issue, but maybe a congested server issue - I think). Also if there's no internet or connection is very bad in the area - Siri should revert to regular voice command that works without need for Internet (this is the voice command that iPhones had before Siri - which Apple has been evolving as well). Other than those two - I use Siri numerous times a day for everything - making calls, open apps, checking locations of my kids, dictating texts, music control, changing settings, weather, web info requests, calculating, and so on - every hour, everyday.... I do like that if you don't want Siri to respond verbally, just switch the toggle on the side of the phone to mute and she'll go straight for the result - no reply or delay. posted on 24 Aug 2016, 19:58 0 Reply 5. iushnt (Posts: 1777; Member since: 06 Feb 2013) Hope it will be as heat as Google now posted on 24 Aug 2016, 19:58 0 Reply 6. iushnt (Posts: 1777; Member since: 06 Feb 2013) Great* posted on 24 Aug 2016, 20:36 0 Reply 7. AlikMalix (Posts: 6233; Member since: 16 Jul 2014) Give me an example. posted on 25 Aug 2016, 02:56 0 Reply 8. iushnt (Posts: 1777; Member since: 06 Feb 2013) The voice recognition of Google is very nice and accurate..That thing alone makes it so usable.. posted on 25 Aug 2016, 02:56 0 Reply 9. iushnt (Posts: 1777; Member since: 06 Feb 2013) Being said that, it's more fun to talk with Siri.. view all comments Want to comment? Please login or register. Show menu Home › News › Siri will sound more human on iOS 10 Siri will sound more human on iOS 10 Popular stories Last week Last 2 days Most commented   Nokia's "return to smartphones" confirmed for 2017   LG offers Black Friday savings on the LG G5, LG V20, and LG G4   Motorola Black Friday 2016 deal: get any Moto Z-series phone with a Moto Mod at $250 off   Nokia smartphones to be unveiled at MWC 2017 1 2 3 4 Recent Articles Dangerous Apps: How they work and how to protect yourself 3D Touch on Android: here's how Quick Shortcuts work on Android 7.1 Nougat The iPhone 8 and Galaxy S8 may come with 'edge-to-edge' screens, how is that possible? 1 2 3 4 Hot Phones Apple iPhone 7 9.3 Review HTC 10 9 Review Samsung Galaxy S7 9 Review LG G5 8.3 Review Apple iPhone 7 Plus 9.3 Review Samsung Galaxy Note 7 8.7 Review Google Pixel XL 9 Review Sony Xperia XZ 7 Review Latest stories   1 2 Interesting stories Apple with three new iPads in March, including a bezel-less 10.9-inch model How to shoot RAW photos with your iPhone Best Chinese Android smartphones How to get most Pixel-exclusive features on other Android phones Samsung stops all sales and production of Galaxy Note 7 Best smartphones you can buy right now: (October-November 2016) Apple iPhone 7 Review 22 tips and tricks for the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus: make the most of out of your device Home Manufacturers Carriers News Reviews Discussions Videos PhoneArena network: CDN services by: Affiliates: Cell Phone Accessories, Cell phone accessories, PubGalaxy About Us . Advertise . Contact Us . Database Licensing . Links . Jobs All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2016 phoneArena.com. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy . Terms of use . Cookies . Team View mobile version  
News Reviews Tech Tips Galleries Buying Guides Videos Talking Points SEARCH HOT GADGETS Samsung Galaxy Note 7 iPhone 7 Google Pixel Moto Z Play Xiaomi Mi Mix OnePlus 3T ZenFone 3 Max Reliance Jio begins doorstep delivery of SIM cards OnePlus 3 is officially dead, OnePlus 3T to take things forward Nokia and BlackBerry users can now use WhatsApp until June 2017 Nokia D1C is a phone not a tablet, images leak online Home > Technology > Old iPhone 6S is faster than shiny new Galaxy Note 7. But why? Javed Anwer   |   @brijwaasi Last Updated: AUG 24, 2016 New Delhi Email Author There is a remarkable speed test up there on YouTube which shows the Apple iPhone 6S beating the Galaxy Note 7 handily in a speed test. This is not in benchmarks but in real-life use. The lead that the iPhone 6S has over the note 7 in this test is staggering. It's also surprising, although not for those who keep a track of the hardware going inside the phones nowadays. First some hardware talk. In terms of core hardware, the Galaxy Note 7 is better on paper. It has 4GB RAM, 64GB internal storage and (in this test) the Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor with four cores and speed of up to 2.3GHz. In comparison, the iPhone 6S feels, well, old. It has 2GB RAM, 16GB internal storage and the dual-core A9 processor that has a speed of only around 1.9GHz. Given this hardware, the Note 7 should win its speed test against the iPhone 6S. That is should. But unfortunately -- and this is something we have noted here at IndiaToday Tech again and again -- numbers rarely matter. What matters more is what these numbers do. In the speed tests -- which consists of opening several apps and looping through various tasks -- the Note 7 is almost 30 seconds slower than the iPhone 6S. This is a staggering gap. The question is why? The Galaxy Note 7 is Samsung's latest and greatest phone. It is supposed to be screeching fast. So why is it not? The reasons are mainly four: Apple A9 is the bossNumber of cores doesn't matter. The speed of a core doesn't matter that much. All that matters is the quality of cores and on this parameter the Apple A9 is an absolute beast and is best. Apple now designs its own cores that go into the processors inside the iPhone and the iPad. Unlike the rest of the industry -- read Qualcomm and the MediaTek -- that are running after the number of cores, which look good on paper and make for great marketing talk, Apple is focussed on the absolute performance. So even if the A9 has just two cores, these two cores are so good that this processor is faster than the Snapdragon 820or something like's Samsung's own Exynos 8890. The reason why is faster is because of its high IPC (instructions per cycle). At the same clock speed it's faster than other mobile phone processors. And again we can go into the details like memory bandwidth, cache speed, pipeline size etc but the sum of all this is that A9 is just a vastly superior processor compared to the one in the Note 7. Probably better read & write speeds The speed of the phone not only depends on the speed of RAM and processor but also on the speed of internal storage. If the storage has fast read and write speeds, the overall performance ---- and particularly the app load times and responsiveness -- is better. It is similar to how a computer with an SSD is vastly faster than the one with simple hard disk even if everything else is same. Apple is known for using best possibly storage in its iPhones. Among the Android phone makers, Samsung too is one of the best when it comes to the internal storage in the phones. But it is possible that the iPhone 6S has better and faster internal storage than what the Note 7 packs in. This could explain why it is loading apps so much faster -- other than the fact that the A9 probably has a more efficient memory sub-system and faster cache. Better software and optimisation This is one of the biggest why an iPhone may offer better performance than an Android phone. Everything in the iPhone has been customised by Apple. All hardware parts and the all respective code that governs them is customised for the best possible performance. Android phone makers, on the other hand, tend to use off-the-shelf parts, not only for hardware but also when it comes to the software. It works well enough but it's not the best way to do something, especially if you are aiming for the numero uno slot. Big companies like Samsung, though, do their bits by optimising the software as much as they can. Still the way world of Android works mean that in terms of software and hardware integration these companies can never match Apple. So what does it mean for consumers? The answer to this is simple: The Galaxy Note 7 is a great phone and just because it loses a speed test in front of the iPhone 6S you shouldn't knock it down. It has features that the iPhone 6S or the iPhone 6S Plus don't, features that are very useful like the waterproof body, or an incredible stylus. But at the same time, it is also true that in pure speed it can't match the iPhone. Or in other words, the way we have written it earlier, no Android phone can match the iPhone in pure speed. That said, among the Android phones, the Note 7 is mighty fast. At the end of the day, it all boils down to what you want. Do you want great features and Android (which is somewhat better than the iOS in usability) or do you want pure speed? It's also a question of "good enough" and lower prices or "great speed" at a premium. You can opt for either, it's all a matter of what is important for you. Also Read: Apple iPhone 7S may come with curved screen like Galaxy Note 7 Also Read: iPhone 7 and 7 Plus: Everything we know about Apple's next iPhone so far For more news from India Today, follow us on Twitter @IndiaTodayTech and on Facebook at facebook.com/indiatodaytech For news and videos in Hindi, go to AajTak.in.ताज़ातरीन ख़बरों और वीडियो के लिए आजतक.इन पर आएं.   Most Read Slow Jio 4G speed: Here's a method to increase Jio speed but why bother WhatsApp now rolls out video calling feature, for now in beta Jio 4G may remain free until March 2017: Report 32 lakh ATM cards hacked: Is your debit card safe and should you change PIN? Reviews Asus Zenbook 3 review: A perfect Windows alternative to MacBook Gionee S6 Pro review: Good build quality but camera lets it down Fossil Q Marshal smartwatch review: Traditional looks, cutting-edge features Galaxy A9 Pro review: Samsung's balancing act Canon 5D Mark IV review: Big, bulky and the best VIDEOS Meet the OnePlus 3T WhatsApp launches video calling for all Meizu M3S review more Tech Tips To type in Hindi on Android phone, use official Google app Want to upload high quality photos on Facebook, try these tricks 1000s of sites blocked in India. But this simple trick will open them all Using public WiFi? Here are 5 ways to stay safe from hackers Explained: How to doodle on pics before clicking them with WhatsApp more Talking Points Priya PathakWhatsApp needed password protection, instead it got 2-step verification Javed AnwerFrom Jio to demonetisation, Digital India keeps failing Saurabh SinghOnePlus 3 with Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 is bad news for some Priya Pathak5 reasons why a good Android phone still wins over the iPhone Javed AnwerGoogle Pixel is expensive because its price is about sending a message more News Reviews Tech Tips Galleries Buying Guides Videos Talking Points Copyright © 2016 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today. Copyright © 2016 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today.
Privacy Policy Disclaimer Authors About Us Contact Us Search Open Menu Business November 16, 2016 WeChat Propels Tencent to a $1.5 Billion Profit – Facebook Messenger Headed the Same Path? October 30, 2016 Get Skype for Business for Mac Now, iOS Version Updated with Video-based Screen Sharing October 23, 2016 AT&T Enters the Content Business with an $85.4 Billion Deal to Buy Time Warner October 2, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Note 7 Resumes Selling in South Korea – Where Next? Headlines November 4, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 Frontier Pre-orders at AT&T Starts Today November 4, 2016 Cricket Wireless and ESPN Partner for an All-Expense Paid Trip for Sports Fans October 29, 2016 Are You Secure? EU Cautions WhatsApp Over Data-Sharing Deal with Facebook October 29, 2016 Leaks on Samsung Galaxy S8 Launch Make it Worth Waiting for Till February 2017 Technology 1 day ago Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 is in India for Testing, Launch Imminent 1 day ago Sony Xperia X Android 7.0 Nougat Concept Receives First Update 1 day ago Sony Xperia Ear Coming to the U.S. on Dec. 13th Priced at $199.99 November 20, 2016 Google Shop  – Google’s New Approach towards Hardware and Selling of Devices Smartphones 5 hours ago Black Friday 2016: Flipkart Discounts the Google Pixel and Pixel XL by more than 50% 6 hours ago New Bug Locking up Apple iPhones on the Loose – Before Careful Before Opening a Video during the Holiday Season 6 hours ago Verizon Selling both Google Pixel and Pixel XL at $240 this Black Friday 2016 6 hours ago HTC 10 Evo – A Great Phone that You Might Never Get to Buy Cars 8 hours ago 2017 Nissan Micra with Sleek, Sharp Design Heading to Europe 8 hours ago 2018 BMW X7 SUV Spotted in Spy Photos 1 day ago 2017 BMW 2 Series Facelift Likely to Focus on Headlights and Taillights Only 1 day ago Nissan Expands X-Trail Lineup with Powerful Diesel Engine Variant Apps 6 hours ago WhatsApp Beta 2.16.362 for Android Available with Bug Fixes and the New Video Calling 7 hours ago Paid iPhone Applications Available on Sale Free Now – Check Them Out Right Away Before they disappear 7 hours ago Google Updates Popular Times Feature to Reform the Chaotic Festive Season into a Harmonious Show 7 hours ago Adobe Acrobat Reader Now Scans Documents on iOS and Android Smartphones Gaming 6 hours ago Final Content for GTA 5 Online Biker DLC Coming this Week on PC, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One 7 hours ago Tekken 7 Trailer Indicates Good Chances of Featuring a Lot of Action  7 hours ago Pokemon Go Gets New Update, Alters Creatures Combat Power 1 day ago Dishonored 2 Tips and Tricks: How to Beat the Game Seamlessly Health October 12, 2016 Study Says Playing Pokémon Go Adds More Days to Your Life Expectancy September 3, 2016 Alcohol Addicts May Never Stop Boozing due to Lack of a Key Enzyme August 30, 2016 Early-Stage Parkinson’s Disease May be Identified by Tapping This Protein August 30, 2016 Indulge in Indian Foods to Cut Alzheimer’s Risk Breaking Black Friday 2016: Flipkart Discounts the Google Pixel and Pixel XL by more than 50% - 5 hours ago New Bug Locking up Apple iPhones on the Loose – Before Careful Before Opening a Video during the Holiday Season - 6 hours ago Verizon Selling both Google Pixel and Pixel XL at $240 this Black Friday 2016 - 6 hours ago HTC 10 Evo – A Great Phone that You Might Never Get to Buy - 6 hours ago AT&T Black Friday 2016 Deals – Free iPhone 7, Samsung Galaxy S7, Gear S2/S3, LG V20, LG G5, LG G Pad X 10.1 and More - 6 hours ago WhatsApp Beta 2.16.362 for Android Available with Bug Fixes and the New Video Calling - 6 hours ago Final Content for GTA 5 Online Biker DLC Coming this Week on PC, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One - 6 hours ago New Google Pixel and Pixel XL Android Nougat Update to Bring Double-Tap-to-Wake, Raise-to-Wake Features - 6 hours ago Report: Samsung Galaxy S8 to Pack an Octa-Core Snapdragon 835 and 6GB RAM - 6 hours ago Confirmed: Samsung Galaxy S6 Android 7.0 Nougat Update Almost Ready - 6 hours ago 12 New Articles 5 hours ago Smartphones Black Friday 2016: Flipkart Discounts the Google Pixel and Pixel XL by more than 50% 6 hours ago Smartphones New Bug Locking up Apple iPhones on the Loose – Before Careful Before Opening a Video during the Holiday Season 6 hours ago Smartphones Verizon Selling both Google Pixel and Pixel XL at $240 this Black Friday 2016 6 hours ago Smartphones HTC 10 Evo – A Great Phone that You Might Never Get to Buy 6 hours ago Headlines AT&T Black Friday 2016 Deals – Free iPhone 7, Samsung Galaxy S7, Gear S2/S3, LG V20, LG G5, LG G Pad X 10.1 and More 6 hours ago Apps WhatsApp Beta 2.16.362 for Android Available with Bug Fixes and the New Video Calling 6 hours ago Gaming Final Content for GTA 5 Online Biker DLC Coming this Week on PC, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One 6 hours ago Smartphones New Google Pixel and Pixel XL Android Nougat Update to Bring Double-Tap-to-Wake, Raise-to-Wake Features 6 hours ago Smartphones Report: Samsung Galaxy S8 to Pack an Octa-Core Snapdragon 835 and 6GB RAM 6 hours ago Smartphones Confirmed: Samsung Galaxy S6 Android 7.0 Nougat Update Almost Ready 6 hours ago Smartphones 2017 Samsung Galaxy A7, Galaxy A5 and Galaxy J3 News, Specs and Release Date 7 hours ago Gaming Tekken 7 Trailer Indicates Good Chances of Featuring a Lot of Action  Smartphones Black Friday 2016: Flipkart Discounts the Google… Smartphones New Bug Locking up Apple iPhones on… Smartphones Verizon Selling both Google Pixel and Pixel… Smartphones HTC 10 Evo – A Great Phone… Headlines AT&T Black Friday 2016 Deals – Free… Apps WhatsApp Beta 2.16.362 for Android Available with… Gaming Final Content for GTA 5 Online Biker… Smartphones New Google Pixel and Pixel XL Android… Smartphones Report: Samsung Galaxy S8 to Pack an… Smartphones Confirmed: Samsung Galaxy S6 Android 7.0 Nougat… Smartphones 2017 Samsung Galaxy A7, Galaxy A5 and… Gaming Tekken 7 Trailer Indicates Good Chances of… Apps Paid iPhone Applications Available on Sale Free… Apps Google Updates Popular Times Feature to Reform… Smartphones Apple Gets Patent for Foldable iPhone –… The Samsung Galaxy Note 7 is Slower Than the Apple iPhone 6S Grant Hamersma August 24, 2016 The rivalry between Apple and Samsung is legendary, and it should come as no surprise the fans of both brands are always trying to prove their phone is better. This is just one more chapter in this whole saga, which at times, can get really hostile. While Apple hasn’t launched its flagship iPhone for this year yet, Samsung has already shown us all what the Galaxy Note 7 could do. It would be a good idea to compare the best iPhone on the market, the 6s, with this phablet in a head-to-head performance test. The iPhone 6s comes with a dual-core A9 processor and 2 GB RAM. The Galaxy Note 7 comes with a quad-core Snapdragon 820 processor and 4 GB RAM. It is also worth noting the Galaxy Note 7 comes with Quad HD resolution while the 6s has an IPS LCD display. Naturally, the OS is also going to have an important part to play in this test. The iPhone was running iOS 9.3.4 while the Note 7 was on Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow. The speed test had users opening several games including Asphalt Airborne 8 and Angry Birds. Both of the smartphones were used to create a lapse from a video file. A few other applications like ESPN and Netflix were also added. The Galaxy Note 7 fell behind while opening the games and ever really managed to catch up after. There was only one winner of this test, the iPhone 6s. The Galaxy Note 7 took 2:05 minutes to finish the first speed test and 2:50 minutes the second time around. Times for the iPhone 6s were much faster with the first run finishing in just 1:21 minutes and the second taking just 1:51 minutes. Which phone do you currently use? Article View Count: (184) Share this on WhatsApp Posted In: Smartphones Tagged: Apple iPhoneApple iPhone 6SGalaxy NoteGalaxy Note 7iPhone 6SSamsung GalaxySamsung Galaxy NoteSamsung Galaxy Note 7 RELATED POSTS Grant Hamersma 7 hours ago Apple Gets Patent for Foldable iPhone – The Display is Flexible and can be clipped onto Clothing A recent Apple patent that was published on 22nd November revealed that App Grant Hamersma 1 day ago Apple Preparing for Titanic Sales of iPhone in the Year 2018 – Curved OLED Display Expected to Bring in Significant Increase of Sales Apple has reportedly received orders for 100 million of the OLED display iP Grant Hamersma 1 day ago One Plus 3T – Reasonable Alternative to the iPhone 7 Plus or Pixel XL – One Plus 3T Gives Leading Phones a Run for Their Money The Chinese manufacturer will soon release the One Plus 3T, which will actu Grant Hamersma 1 day ago Galaxy S7 Will Launch in Glossy Black – Competing with Jet Black Color iPhone 7 – Taking Inspiration from Apple Once More Samsung will offer a new Glossy Black option for the S7 next month. There a Grant Hamersma November 21, 2016 Apple Limits Verizon Capability for iPhone 7 – Throttling the Speeds of its Own Devices  There are reports that Apple has deliberately limited or throttled Verizon� 1 Comment on this Post Keith August 25, 2016 Not so from what I’ve been using since 19th Aug 2016.. Reply Leave a Comment Cancel Name* Email* Website Like Our Page Advertisement Related Articles Popular Recent Comments Google Nexus 6P Review – Are You Troubled by the Size? July 28, 2016 Samsung Galaxy S4 vs. Galaxy S7 – Should You Make the Switch? June 6, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Marshmallow Update Problems and Issues May 7, 2016 Google Project Fi – 5 Secrets You Must Know Before Making the Switch September 28, 2016 Samsung Galaxy S4, Galaxy Note 3 Android 6.0 Marshmallow Release News April 14, 2016 Black Friday 2016: Flipkart Discounts the Google Pixel and Pixel XL by more than 50% November 23, 2016 New Bug Locking up Apple iPhones on the Loose – Before Careful Before Opening a Video during the Holiday Season Verizon Selling both Google Pixel and Pixel XL at $240 this Black Friday 2016 HTC 10 Evo – A Great Phone that You Might Never Get to Buy AT&T Black Friday 2016 Deals – Free iPhone 7, Samsung Galaxy S7, Gear S2/S3, LG V20, LG G5, LG G Pad X 10.1 and More Rocky Stefano on BlackBerry DTEK60 – Did BlackBerry Finally Get it Right? August 24 2016 Is The ‘GTA 6’ Beta, Release Date Due In 2019 Or Canceled? Rockstar’s ‘RDR 2’ Could Indefinitely Delay Sequel on Grand Theft Auto 6 could be Released in 2019, New Rumors Claim August 24 2016 Tim on Warning: Samsung Galaxy S7, S7 Edge Can be Stolen and Reused by Bypassing Factory Reset Protection August 24 2016 Most Commented 23 Google Nexus 6P Review – Are 22 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Marshmal 22 Samsung Galaxy S4 vs. Galaxy S 16 Samsung Galaxy S4, Galaxy Note 16 Google Project Fi – 5 Secret Privacy Policy Disclaimer Authors About Us Contact Us © 2016 Nashville Chatter Class. All Rights Reserved.
To enjoy our website, you'll need to enable JavaScript in your web browser. Please click here to learn how. Wednesday November 23, 2016 US WORLD PERSECUTION MINISTRY CULTURE VIDEO Subscriptions Homepage CULTURE iPhone 6s vs. Samsung Galaxy Note 7: Specs and features compared; iPhone beats Note 7 in speed test Rosemarie Alba 24 August, 2016 4:47 AM Like Us Share on Facebook Share on Twitter (Apple)iPhone 6s and 6s Plus showcasing the iOS 9. The new Samsung Galaxy Note 7 seems to be dominating the line-up of available smartphones in the market today. Since its debut earlier this month, the new flagship has earned positive reviews from critics. As for Apple, it has yet to launch the iPhone 7. Here is a comparison of Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 and Apple's current flagship phone, the iPhone 6s. The Samsung Galaxy Note 7 carries an impressive 14-nanometer Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 quad-core 64-bit processor and 4 GB of RAM, while the iPhone 6s sports a dual-core A9 processor and comes with only 2 GB of RAM. The Galaxy Note 7 runs on the Android 6.0 Marshmallow while the iPhone 6S has the iOS 9.3.4 software. David Rahimi of Phonebuff conducted a test involving the two top of the line phones. Rahimi conducted a speed test for both phones. The phones were tested on how fast it will launch the apps being opened simultaneously. The first app launched was the camera and both phones started well. After clicking the phone, Rahimi opened the game app. The video shows the iPhone 6s is a split second ahead of the Galaxy Note 7. After launching the Angry Birds game app, the Photoshop app was opened and then the Lapse It app. The iPhone 6s was already opening the Lapse It app while the Galaxy Note 7 is still struggling opening the Photoshop app. When the Galaxy Note 7 was about to launch the Lapse It app, the iPhone 6s was already ahead, having four more apps opened, the ESPN, Netflix, Spotify, and Amazon. While the Galaxy Note 7 is still stuck at the Lapse It app, iPhone has finished its first lap of the speed test at 1 minute and 21 seconds. Rahimi then performed another lap, opening the same apps on the iPhone 6s. The Galaxy Note 7, however, is still completing its first lap. The iPhone 6s completed its second lap at 1 minute and 51 seconds while the other phone completed its first lap at 2 minutes and 4 seconds. Like Us on Facebook Most Viewed Satan Club to hold first meeting in Washington elementary school before Christmas Mariah Carey a conservative who is 'deep into the Bible,' says ex-husband Nick Cannon Light TV network by Mark Burnett and Roma Downey to feature 24-hour Christian programming Palace of Westminster to be lit red to commemorate persecuted Christians Iraqi Christians launch spiritual battle against ISIS through prayer for restoration of desecrated land South African pastor sprays congregants with Doom pesticide to 'heal' them Pope Francis allows all Roman Catholic priests to forgive abortion Hundreds support Christian grandma florist fined for turning down gay wedding arrangements Jakarta blasphemy case: Thousands of rallyists flood streets to support Christian governor Parents of child injured in Indonesia church bombing preach forgiveness Latest Articles Christian militia finds Iraq's largest monastery ransacked after retaken from ISIS Bangladesh failed to protect Christians and other minorities from violence, report finds Turkey ousts only Christian mayor in massive coup purge Catholic Church apologizes for hand in 1994 Rwanda genocide Franklin Graham urges continuous prayer for Donald Trump in 'monumental battle' Jakarta blasphemy case: Thousands of rallyists flood streets to support Christian governor Billy Graham's grandson Tullian Tchividjian surfaces from scandal with sermon on God's redemption Inside Christian Daily Pope Francis allows all Roman Catholic priests to forgive abortion Iraqi priest vows to keep Church alive despite believers' fear of returning home South African pastor sprays congregants with Doom pesticide to 'heal' them Satan Club to hold first meeting in Washington elementary school before Christmas Light TV network by Mark Burnett and Roma Downey to feature 24-hour Christian programming Copyright © 2016 Christian Daily. All Rights Reserved. About Us | Privacy Policy Christian Daily is a Christian Media Corporation Company
News Devotionals Blogs Backgrounds Images Videos Kids Games Facebook Twitter Pinterest The Christian Post Crossmap GNL Subscribe to eNewsletter Sign In or Sign Up News Devotionals Blogs Backgrounds Images Videos Kids Games Facebook Twitter Pinterest Crossmap News Devotionals Blogs Backgrounds Images Videos Kids Games Web Images Video News Local All Search Services Advanced Search Preferences Search Tell us what you think News > Tech & Biz Release of iPhone 7 Pro Cancelled? By Jeff Harris On August 23, 2016 Share Us on Share on Share on Share on http://www.nowhereelse.fr/ iPhone 7 Text size: Small Medium Large Email Share Print Comment Tweet Did Apple suddenly pull out its iPhone 7 Pro which is reportedly going to be released alongside iPhone 7 and iPhone Plus? Did Apple Abandoned iPhone 7 Pro? A reliable source of Apple rumors, blogsite Macotakara (via Forbes) recently revealed that Apple is gearing towards releasing iPhone 7 and iPhone Plus, "According to the usually reliable Mac Otakara: the 'iPhone 7 Pro' is no more." Like Us on Facebook Subscribe to eNewsletter As Forbes translated, "In a new report the Japanese site explains that Apple decided there is no need to add a new top of the range model above the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. While it will use the 'iPhone 7' moniker for the range to avoid customer confusion, after toying with new branding given the range still uses the core iPhone 6 design launched in 2014." No Concrete News for iPhone 7 Pro With latest rumors surrounding the next big announcement from Apple, some insiders are now suggesting that Apple may have cancelled introducing iPhone 7 Pro; instead, the said smartphone might come at a later date with a new name, suggesting previous rumors that Apple will come to a new dawn of naming its phones after this year. In fact, recent reports about iPhone 7 Pro are just a bunch of rumors, speculations and the likes, but when it comes to talks about iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, there is concrete evidence suggesting their specifications, features and even the price of the two phones. Sponsored Watch Your Favorite Christian Films, 24/7. Click Here To Start Your Free Trial Today In fact back in July, another reliable source of information, Evan Blass, tweeted, The 2 (two!) 2016 iPhone models are codenamed Sonora and Dos Palos. — Evan Blass (@evleaks) July 19, 2016 What does this mean exactly? Apple's Next iPhones are iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, ONLY While speculations that Apple may totally dump the idea of introducing iPhone 7 Pro this coming September are not totally confirmed, the said reports came from a very reliable source, thus, this could prove to have a big bearing. In the same report from Macotakara, the blogsite revealed, "It seems that the performance of the camera is much improved, the Electrostatic Capacitance home button and A10 chip are introduced and that 3.5mm headphone jack is not implemented any more. As the basic design would be fundamentally changed, it seems the number is going to be renewed." So this coming September, you might want to expect only two brand new iPhone models when Apple makes the announcement at their Cupertino office.   Right Now Amazing 1-Year-Old Child Plays A Piano Concert On Her First Birthday. Hallelujah - These 5 Girls Sing with Passion and Intensity in Praise MPs all Agree: Porn’s Effect on Public Health in Canada needs to be Addressed Pro-life Musician’s ‘Fight for Your Marriage’ Video is a Hit with 571K Views and Climbing Recommended Should Christians get Married to Have Sex? 7 Ways to Fuel Creative Thoughts When You’re Stuck Westlife Join Boyzone On Stage In Honor Of Steven Gately And Perform 'No Matter What' Live! 7-Years-Old Connie Talbot's Amazimng Performance 'You Raise Me Up' (High quality) Resources God Blessed You & 2017 The Star of Bethlehem Do Not Be Anxious What He opens no one can shut X Copyright © 2000-2016 Crossmap.com. All rights reserved. Crossmap is a Christian Media Corporation Company News Devotionals Blogs Backgrounds Images Videos Games Advertising About Us Statement of Faith Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Contact Us Media Partners
Home News Reviews iPhone Apps Android Apps Windows Apps Top Mobiles Latest Mobiles Upcoming Mobiles PhoneRadar Explains Search PHONE FINDER COMPARE PHONES Upcoming Mobiles Leaked Image suggests Apple might launch iPhone 6 SE next month Apple is all set to launch next-generation iPhones in September while the official launch date is yet to be announced. In 2014, the company for the first time launched two iPhones – iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus and last year, Apple launched their successors – iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus. While the company is expected to launch iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus next month in the U.S, there are also rumours about the launch of a third device called iPhone 7 Pro. Now the leaked image of the Apple iPhone retail box suggests the company might launch iPhone 6 SE. The device comes with 64GB of internal storage and might also come in rumoured 32GB and 128 GB variants. Earlier this year, Apple relaunched the iPhone 5S as iPhone SE but with few upgraded internals. Now we also expect the iPhone6 SE to come with few upgraded internals, and there might be few tweaks to the design. The upcoming iPhones are said to come with curved Antenna bands that aligned to the top and bottom edges. The devices will be powered by iOS 10. The company will also be announcing the iOS 10 which currently in beta stage. The upcoming iPhone will be powered by Apple A10 chipset. The leaked screen shot shows the single core score of 3042 and a multi-core score of 5210 on Geekbench3. The device comes with same display size and resolution as last year’s iPhone 6S & 6S Plus. The physical home button will be now replaced with a capacitive circular home button that comes integrated with the fingerprint sensor. Related By Teja Chedalla on Wednesday 24th of Aug 2016 SOURCE Zealer Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Go To Top Connect with us Twitter     Facebook     Google+     YouTube © 2016 PhoneRadar. All Rights Reserved
SiliconValley.com Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS   Social Web Mobile Cloud Gadgets Cleantech VC Data Games Policy Media   Wolverton: Apple at crossroads as Tim Cook celebrates fifth anniversary as CEO By Troy Wolverton / August 24, 2016 at 1:15 PM After five years, we know this: Tim Cook is no Steve Jobs. In some ways, the fact that Cook, who took over as Apple’s CEO five years ago, is his own man has been a good thing for Apple and its various stakeholders. In other ways, maybe not so much. But that simple fact has already had a significant influence on how Apple has evolved in the wake of the death of its iconic founder. And it’s likely to have an even greater impact going forward as the echoes of Jobs’ influence inevitably fade. One thing that’s clear about Cook’s reign is that it didn’t mess up what Jobs had built. In fact, he took the profit engine that Apple had become in Jobs’ second era and torqued it up to previously unimaginable levels. Since Cook took over, Apple’s stock price and its annual sales have more than doubled and its yearly profit has grown 84 percent. Apple’s annual profit is larger than its yearly sales were up until the very last year of Jobs’ tenure as CEO. And under Cook’s leadership, the company became the most valuable company in the world, joined the Dow Jones Industrial Average and started paying a healthy cash dividend each quarter for the first time since the mid-1990s. Cook took the iPhone, which was already Apple’s most important product when Jobs stepped down due to health reasons, and turned it into a juggernaut. In the holiday quarter this past year, Apple sold 74 million iPhones, which was more than the company sold in all of its 2011 fiscal year, when Cook took the helm. While Apple’s smartphone had already been on the market for more than four years when Cook took over, the vast majority of iPhones — 85 percent — have been sold since then. But Cook has been important to the company in other ways than just its financial performance. Under his leadership, Apple has engaged with the community in ways it didn’t under Jobs. The company instituted a matching program for employees’ philanthropic donations and has made several sizable charitable contributions on its own. Cook, who came out as gay two years ago, has made an effort to stand up for gay rights and speak out against discriminatory legislation. And under Cook, Apple has taken the lead in pushing back against the government’s surveillance efforts. Not only has it beefed up the security of its devices to thwart unwarranted spying, but it publicly squared off against the FBI when the agency demanded that Apple help crack the iPhone used by one of the perpetrators of the San Bernardino shootings earlier this year. If Cook had retired a year or two ago, he probably would have gone down as one of the greatest chief executives ever. But he didn’t, and Apple’s recent stumbles may lead to a reassessment of his tenure. Apple’s sales have sputtered in the last three quarters, barely growing in the all-important holiday period last year and falling sharply in the last two periods. Its profit for the first nine months of its current fiscal year is down 13 percent from the same period a year earlier. And its days of torrid stock price growth now seem increasingly distant; Apple’s share price has grown just 7 percent over the last two years. Underlying that sub-par performance have been problems on the product front. Under Cook, Apple has been riding the iPhone’s immense success. Since he took over, the smartphone has grown from about 44 percent of Apple’s overall annual sales to about 64 percent. And in some quarters, its edged up to nearly 70 percent of the company’s total sales. That success boosted the company’s overall performance, but it helped mask the weakness in Apple’s other product lines. Sales of the iPod, which was still accounting for about 5 percent of Apple’s annual revenue when Cook took over, fell off a cliff after. Sales of the iPad, which initially was an even bigger success than the iPhone, started slowing down about a year into Cook’s tenure and have never recovered. Indeed Apple is now selling fewer iPads each quarter than it did when Cook took over. While Mac sales grew for years after Cook took charge, it too has started to stumble. Sales of the iconic computer have dropped on an annual basis for three straight quarters. Now iPhone sales themselves are falling. The larger-screened iPhone 6 models, introduced in 2014, led to a big boom in sales. But the its successor, last year’s iPhone 6s, has been something of a bust. In its second fiscal quarter this year, Apple’s unit sales of iPhones fell on an annual basis for the first time ever. They fell again in the third quarter. That decline has made it even more obvious that Apple under Cook hasn’t come up with a gadget to replace the iPhone as its flagship device. The company has sold some 13 million Apple Watches in its first year on the market, according to market research firm IDC. That’s a respectable number, but sales have reportedly been falling after an initial boom, and the gadget doesn’t look like it’s going to a hit on the scale of the iPhone or the iPad. And other initiatives either haven’t seen the light of day or have underwhelmed. Apple’s car project is still in development and reportedly struggling to figure out its mission. Despite lots of hype, Apple’s television efforts have yielded only a digital set-top box that has been at best a modest — but not terribly lucrative — success. As competitors like Google, Microsoft, Facebook and Amazon rush to stake claims in areas like virtual and augmented reality and the smart home, Apple apparent interest in those areas has been confined to patent filings and the ever-present rumor mill, rather than in releasing actual, competing products. These setbacks could end up being short-term blips in Cook’s tenure. Although we remember Jobs’ second reign as an unmitigated success, Apple struggled in the early 2000s before the iPod became a hit, as it contended with a national recession and making a difficult transition to an all-new version of the operating system underlying its Mac computers. Should iPhone sales rebound with the next model or should Apple’s car project turn into a big hit, memories of the company’s current doldrums could fade quickly. But for now, they raise worrying questions about Apple’s future under Cook. One could argue that Apple under Cook has been largely coasting by on products and ideas generated by his predecessor. Sure, the company’s introduced smaller and bigger iPads and large-screened iPhones, but those have been variations on existing themes, not all-new products. The one all-new product under Cook — the Watch — has been underwhelming and hasn’t built on the company’s success. Jobs himself once noted that Cook is not a “product person,” that Apple was going to have to rely on others in the organization to come up with new products and new ideas and bring them to market. The company’s struggles of late in that regard may highlight that weakness and hint that in the switch from Jobs to Cook, Apple lost a crucial part of its winning formula — the ability to create breakthrough, market-creating products. Those struggles may also underscore worries about what the next five years will bring. Photo: Apple CEO Tim Cook at the company’s  annual developer conference in 2015. (Karl Mondon/Bay Area News Group) Share this: Email Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Reddit Google More Pinterest Tumblr   Tags: Apple, Apple Watch, financial results, ipad, iPhone, Mac, Steve Jobs, Tim Cook   More Posts in Big Tech Older Silicon Valley techies pushed out onto the ice floes to die? Almost 100 lawsuits say yes. November 22, 2016   Crucial Silicon Valley H-1B visa issue unclear under Trump November 21, 2016   Microsoft to tie executive bonuses to workforce diversity after two years of reduced female employees: report November 18, 2016       Share this Post Tweet       bmwguy More like Tim Crook sd ^^^ Ha. There’s nothing like a completely unsupported drive-by to advance your argument… Going in, I don’t think anyone thought Cook was going to be the visionary Jobs was. In fairness, Jobs had his whiffs too — Apple TV preceded Cook as CEO and, the purchase of Beats aside, Apple pretty much entirely missed the iDevice accessory market (docks, powered speaker systems, etc.), with CarPlay being maybe the most winning integration yet from Apple. I think Cook also has to deal in a different tech environment than Jobs did. Apple is not alone in seeing new models of successful products get a cold shoulder. Talk to Samsung about the Galaxy 6 or LG and Sony about any phone at all. iPad sales may be sputtering, but most other manufacturers have no great stories to tell, either, and Apple still holds the vast majority of Internet commerce traffic via mobile devices and did so even before ApplePay was “a thing”. Trouble is, where hardware is concerned, many people are finding what they have “good enough” and they’re opting to spend their money on other technology products or on services. It wasn’t hard to sell the public on the advances made by the iPhone 4 over the 3GS; the new stuff in the 6s/6s Plus is not so earthshaking as to justify another $500-700 purchase over last year’s model. Maybe people should not be looking for some new breakthrough hardware category at all. Maybe services really is where it’s at for Apple. They’re catching up in streaming (though they’re still nowhere near #1). ApplePay appears to be doing well despite competing efforts by Google/Android, Samsung, Walmart, Chase, and others. Expanding into autonomous cars (or some profitable niche of that) could make people forget about Watches just as they forgot about the Apple iPod Hi-Fi.     About SiliconBeat Sign up for the Good Morning Silicon Valley newsletter GMSV     Tweets from @siliconbeat/siliconbeat   Popular Posts Older Silicon Valley techies pushed out onto the ice floes… Apple admits to iPhone ‘touch disease,’ blames… Crucial Silicon Valley H-1B visa issue unclear under Trump Why did Oracle’s co-CEO Safra Catz visit Trump? Study: Students find it hard to identify fake news online     Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005   Related Feeds 60-Second Business Break Green Energy News Opinion Personal Tech Venture Capital                       Education WordPress Theme by Copyright © 2016 Bay Area News Group. All Rights Reserved   Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
PhoneDog Android And Me TmoNews NEW Official Smartphone Rankings, Vote NOW! TodaysiPhone.com The source for news, reviews, and articles surrounding Apple. Navigation Home News / Articles App Reviews Accessory Reviews Podcast TiP Us Join the TiP team HOT TOPICS: iPhone 7 macOS Sierra iOS 10 watchOS 3 Apple Music You are here: Home > Apple execs go in-depth on machine learning, Siri improvements, and palm rejection with Apple Pencil Apple execs go in-depth on machine learning, Siri improvements, and palm rejection with Apple Pencil August 24, 2016 Peter Cao Leave a comment Apple is known to lack in its ability to detect your device lifestyle and Siri in its current state clearly shows that. However, in iOS 10, Apple is moving forward with machine learning, differential privacy, and an improved Siri. Today, Steven Levy at Backchannel got the chance to interview a few Apple execs that took a behind-the-scenes look at Apple’s artificially intelligent assistant. The interview begins with Siri’s voice recognition upgrade in 2014, when the system was moved ‘to a neural-net based system’ for users in the US, and says that another upgrade is being made in iOS 10. Initial reviews were ecstatic, but over the next few months and years, users became impatient with its shortcomings. All too often, it erroneously interpreted commands. Tweaks wouldn’t fix it. So Apple moved Siri voice recognition to a neural-net based system for US users on that late July day (it went worldwide on August 15, 2014.) Some of the previous techniques remained operational — if you’re keeping score at home, this includes “hidden Markov models” — but now the system leverages machine learning techniques, including deep neural networks (DNN), convolutional neural networks, long short-term memory units, gated recurrent units, and n-grams. (Glad you asked.) When users made the upgrade, Siri still looked the same, but now it was supercharged with deep learning. Levy notes that Apple didn’t mention the upgrade (until now), but the improvements were dramatic for its time. This was one of those things where the jump was so significant that you do the test again to make sure that somebody didn’t drop a decimal place,” says Eddy Cue, Apple’s senior vice president of internet software and services. Apple wanted to make it clear that Siri isn’t the worst virtual assistant out there, rather it’s a real competitor to Google Now and Microsoft’s Cortana. As we sat down, they handed me a dense, two-page agenda listing machine-learning-imbued Apple products and services — ones already shipping or about to — that they would discuss. The message: We’re already here. A player. Second to none. But we do it our way. Apple SVP Phil Schiller’s take on AI: “We’ve been seeing over the last five years a growth of this inside Apple,” says Phil Schiller. “Our devices are getting so much smarter at a quicker rate, especially with our Apple design A series chips. The back ends are getting so much smarter, faster, and everything we do finds some reason to be connected. This enables more and more machine learning techniques, because there is so much stuff to learn, and it’s available to [us].” Federighi says that there isn’t one team working on machine learning. He says Apple applies machine learning to every team rather than having a single team working on it. “We don’t have a single centralized organization that’s the Temple of ML in Apple,” says Craig Federighi. “We try to keep it close to teams that need to apply it to deliver the right user experience.” How many people at Apple are working on machine learning? “A lot,” says Federighi after some prodding. The Apple Pencil for iPad Pro is a good example. One example of this is the Apple Pencil that works with the iPad Pro. In order for Apple to include its version of a high-tech stylus, it had to deal with the fact that when people wrote on the device, the bottom of their hand would invariably brush the touch screen, causing all sorts of digital havoc. Using a machine learning model for “palm rejection” enabled the screen sensor to detect the difference between a swipe, a touch, and a pencil input with a very high degree of accuracy. “If this doesn’t work rock solid, this is not a good piece of paper for me to write on anymore — and Pencil is not a good product,” says Federighi. If you love your Pencil, thank machine learning. Lastly, iOS 10 will gain more upgrades to Siri once it releases this fall. With iOS 10, scheduled for full release this fall, Siri’s voice becomes the last of the four components to be transformed by machine learning. Again, a deep neural network has replaced a previously licensed implementation. Essentially, Siri’s remarks come from a database of recordings collected in a voice center; each sentence is a stitched-together patchwork of those chunks. Machine learning, says Gruber, smooths them out and makes Siri sound more like an actual person. The entire piece can be found here. Tags: Apple execs, iOS 10, Machine Learning, Siri About Peter Cao Peter has a passion for music and technology. He conceits himself by religiously rocking the Apple brand. You can find him on Twitter @iPeterCao. View all posts by Peter Cao → ← Obviously fake ‘iPhone 6 SE’ product packaging appear as iPhone 7 event coming soon macOS Sierra beta hints at possible 10 Gbps USB 3.1 Gen 2 in future hardware → Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Number of Lines - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes Unlimited Messages: 500 Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB150MB200MB250MB300MB400MB500MB600MB700MB800MB900MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Home Phone Savings Pay Less on Home Phone Service popular topics President-elect Trump has discussed Apple making products in the USA directly, provides tax incentives0 iPhone 8 to feature all glass back, new 5-inch model2 New MacBook Pros have 16GB of RAM max due to battery life concerns1 Apple Watch Nike+ launch details, bands will not be sold separately1 Suppliers: Trump's plan to make Apple products in the U.S. impractical1 Over 50 new emojis just approved by Unicode 10, should be on iOS soon1 In a new interview, Phil Schiller discusses the new MacBook Pro1 Supply constrains could dictate Apple's move to OLED in the iPhone next year1 Opinion: The lack of Apple software quality on iOS1 Live blog: Apple's 'hello again' October 27 event1 PhoneDog Pokémon Go 'Nearby' feature expands as Ditto makes first appearance Nextbit Robin receives Android 7.0 Nougat beta update Verizon Black Friday deals include discounts on Google Pixel phones, Google Home Alcatel Idol 4S on sale for $349.99 Google Pixel update hitting some phones, adds two new Moves Android 7.1 Developer Preview 2 update now rolling out T-Mobile offering free flagship phones from Apple, Samsung, and LG for Black Friday Android And Me Glossy Black Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Google has released one final update Verizon begins Black Friday deals on Fresh Meat: 10 new Android apps worth DEAL: Alcatel Idol 4S selling for $349 The Sony Xperia XZ gets a $74 price TmoNews Next week’s T-Mobile Tuesday will T-Mobile announces more Black Friday T-Mobile HTC One M9 receiving November T-Mobile’s 4G LTE CellSpot update T-Mobile extends Magenta Friday two T-Mobile Tuesdays gifts for next week T-Mobile launches Magenta Friday promo PhoneDog is one of the largest and most popular interactive mobile news and reviews resource that attracts a community of more than 2.5 million unique visitors each month. The site may have a "cute" name, but it offers up serious editorial content and video reviews that users rely on to make important decisions about their next mobile purchases. PhoneDog Media Family PhoneDog - Cell phone news Android And Me - Google & Android TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company About us In the press Advertising info Jobs & careers Terms of Use Privacy policy Popular iPad iTunes App Reviews Accessory Reviews Research & Shop Buying guide Phone finder Compare plans Phone specials Long distance © 2001-2016 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Modern Medicine Trader Talk Portfolio Perspective ETF Strategist Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × US Economy Economy World Economy US Economy The Fed Central Banks Jobs GDP outlook Treasury to EU: Back off on tax probes of US companies John W. Schoen | @johnwschoen Wednesday, 24 Aug 2016 | 4:32 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES Philippe Lopez | AFP | Getty Images U.S. Secretary of the Treasury Jacob Lew There's a giant pot of corporate gold sitting outside the United States, and the U.S. Treasury and the European Commission are squabbling over how to get their hands on it. American multinational corporations have stashed more than $2 trillion in profits and assets outside to avoid paying what many companies argue are unduly high U.S. corporate tax rates. Over the past few years, the European Commission has opened investigations into a handful of those companies, including Apple, Starbucks and Amazon, to determine whether they owe taxes to European countries. But the Treasury Department, in a "white paper" released Wednesday, said those investigations have gone too far. The paper attacked the legal approach the EU is using to determine tax liabilities on American companies, saying it targets "income that (European) Member States have no right to tax under well-established international tax standards." The paper also argued that taxes collected by European countries could, in effect, come right out of the pockets of American taxpayers. That's because taxes collected by European countries could be deducted from any future payments to the Treasury. "That outcome is deeply troubling, as it would effectively constitute a transfer of revenue to the EU from the U.S. government and its taxpayers," the paper said. The report urged the European Commission, the executive arm of the EU, to "return to the system and practice of international tax cooperation that has long fostered cross-border investment between the United States and EU Member States." And it warned that the U.S. "continues to consider potential responses should the Commission continue its present course." The Treasury's latest salvo comes as the European Commission is finalizing a probe into allegations that Apple struck a sweetheart tax deal with the Irish government to avoid U.S. taxes. A decision in that case is expected next month. Apple is among dozens of U.S. companies that use various tax strategies to shift money among subsidiaries around the world and avoid paying U.S. taxes. Those strategies include moving assets to countries with low tax rates or booking sales in a tax haven that didn't actually happen there. Apple has defended the practice, saying it's perfectly legal. "It is the current tax law," Apple CEO Tim Cook told The Washington Postearlier this month. "It's not a matter of being patriotic or not patriotic." The Apple case prompted Senate hearings and calls for corporate tax reform. Last year, the Obama administration proposed a one-time "tax holiday" that would let American companies repatriate offshore profits at a reduced tax rate. Corporate tax reform has also been proposed by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, a policy group, which has issued recommendations to overhaul global tax laws and treaties to better capture untaxed corporate profits. The stakes are high in the tug of war between the U.S. and EU over offshore corporate cash, estimated at more than $2 trillion by Citizens for Tax Justice. That's enough to wipe out the U.S. budget deficit if it was subject to U.S. taxes, according to the group. At least 358 large U.S. companies collectively maintain 7,622 separate overseas subsidiaries holding $2.1 trillion in profits, the group said in a report last year. The estimates come from corporate regulatory filings. Despite widespread calls for U.S. tax reform — including the White House proposal for a "tax holiday" for companies that bring cash back home — the overhaul remains mired in the complex web of special interests that such an revamp would require. A similar effort on a global scale would be even more complex. While some of the OECD's recommendations could be implemented by individual governments with changes to their tax laws, others would require new tax treaties between countries. John W. SchoenCNBC.com Economics Reporter Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change AAPL --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
Share 5 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2016-11-23 The Best Thanksgiving-Themed TV Episodes And Movies On Netflix, Hulu, And Amazon This Holiday Season Entertainment 2016-11-23 Emma Watson Passes ‘Harry Potter’ Baton To Eddie Redmayne As ‘Danish Girl’ Star Kicks Off ‘Fantastic Beasts’ Movies Entertainment 2016-11-23 Woman Crush Wednesday — Alicia Silverstone: From ‘Clueless’ Star To Nude Photos For PETA Entertainment 2016-11-22 Shannen Doherty Confirms ‘Heathers’ TV Land Role, Will Winona Ryder Join In? News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2016-11-23 Vanessa Marcotte Update: Investigators Receive New Tips In The Massachusetts Jogger Murder News 2016-11-23 Johnthony Walker: Tennessee School Bus Driver Asked Kids If They Were ‘Ready To Die’ Before Crash That Killed Five, Victim’s Mother Claims Opinion 2016-11-23 Fifth Harmony Follows In The Dixie Chicks’ Footsteps By Mixing Success And Politics [Opinion] News 2016-11-23 Two Airlines Hit With Pilot Strike: Lufthansa Cancels Almost 900 Flights While DHL And Amazon Shipments Could Be Delayed Over Black Friday Weekend Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Soccer 2016-11-23 Europa League Preview, Manchester United Vs. Feyenoord: Prediction, Starting Lineups, And Live Streaming Wrestling 2016-11-23 WWE News: Goldberg ‘Survivor Series’ Win Was All About Shocking The ‘Smart Marks’ Soccer 2016-11-23 Champions League Preview, Borussia Monchengladbach Vs. Manchester City: Live Stream, Prediction, Starting Lineups, And Betting Tips Sports 2016-11-23 NFL Picks Week 12: Thanksgiving Day Schedule Favors Dallas Cowboys, Pittsburgh Steelers Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Flyer Includes 16 Items Currently Available On Sale Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Trident Lakes: Subterranean Doomsday Prepper Village Being Built In Ector, Texas Lifestyle 2016-11-06 What’s Open On Veterans Day 2016 And Where Can Vets Get A Free Meal On Friday? Lifestyle 2016-11-05 When Does The Time Change? Daylight Saving Time Ends, But Not For Everyone Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2016-11-22 Turkey Safety: Guidelines To Dish Up A Fowl – Not Foul – Holiday Bird Health 2016-11-20 Prostate Cancer Second Opinions: Alternate Advice Might Not Force Treatment Change Health 2016-11-19 Microbes On ATM Keypads Come From Human Skin And Food, Study Says Health 2016-11-19 Zika No Longer A World Public Health Emergency, Claims WHO: Outraged, Brazil Says Chances Of Epidemic Still High Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2016-11-23 ‘Pokemon GO’ Ditto Sightings, Nearby Features Updates: Sightings Not Working Properly? Gaming 2016-11-23 ‘Watch Dogs 2’ DLC Will Not Follow ‘Assassin’s Creed’ Trend, Says Ubisoft Gaming 2016-11-23 ‘Pokemon Go’: Exact Release Date Of Generation Two, Starbucks-Pokemon Partnership Revealed? Gaming 2016-11-23 PS4 Pro Vs. PS4: Pros And Cons Of Upgrading To Sony’s New Gaming Console BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories Entertainment 2016-11-23 Watch Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade Online, Mobile Apps, NBC TV: New Balloons, Floats, Celebrities Kick Off The Holiday Season On Turkey Day BuzzWorthy 2016-11-23 Repo Man Tows Elderly Couple’s Car, Then Pays It Off And Returns It [Video] BuzzWorthy 2016-11-22 Customers Are Angry About Starbucks’ Sneaky Price Hike BuzzWorthy 2016-11-22 Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Leaks Great Deals: Expanded Cyber Week Starts Early SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss iPhone Screen Not Responding: Is ‘Touch Disease’ The Cause? Mobile 5 0 0 August 24, 2016 iPhone Screen Not Responding: Is ‘Touch Disease’ The Cause? Cal Jeffrey Has your iPhone screen stopped responding and functioning properly? The cause could be that it has contracted “Touch Disease.” It sounds like something you might warn your children about by announcing, “Don’t let anyone else use your phone. You might get Touch Disease.” However, the disease is not contagious. The problem is a factory defect where two chips that control the iPhone touch screen come loose. The iPhone 6 Plus is highly prone to the issue, but the iPhone 6 is susceptible too. According to iFixIt, repair shops are seeing a growing number of cases of what the site calls “Touch Disease” for lack of a better term. “There’s no way to tell exactly how many phones are afflicted with what we’re calling Touch Disease, but every repair tech we spoke to told us that the problem is incredibly common.” One repair shop is reporting that it sees as many as 100 iPhones a month with the defect. .@jogdc says libraries should be more like Apple Genius Bar – a "noisy innovation lab." #AALL16 Love this idea. pic.twitter.com/zBcrliJHie — Ed Walters (@EJWalters) July 19, 2016 The iPhone screen stops responding to touch over time because of flexing circuitry and failing solder. The phones have two chips connected to a logic board that controls the display. Experts believe that the solder holding these chips becomes brittle and breaks under the constant pressure of screen pressing. Natural flexing that occurs when phones are kept in the back pocket and are sat on is also believed to contribute to the issue. The resulting bad connection is at first intermittent, but eventually, the screen completely loses touch sensitivity altogether. Apple has been inundated with complaints about the problem, reports iFixit, “but they aren’t doing anything about it.” To repair an unresponsive iPhone suffering from Touch Disease, one cannot just replace the screen. The chips that process data to and from the display are the culprit and need replacing. Apple techs do not have the equipment or training to perform such repairs. The company’s solution it seems is to replace the entire logic board, which is expensive. Louis Rossmann explains the problem to his YouTube followers. Warning: This video contains adult language. <noscript><iframe width="500" height="281" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/-iX7TyEjJ2E?feature=oembed" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></noscript> Since the problem occurs mostly on iPhones that are out of warranty, customers who bring their phones into an Apple Store are told that they are better off just getting a new phone. However, this is not the most economical solution according to iFixit. “Skilled, third-party microsoldering [sic] specialists (most “unauthorized” to do Apple repairs, according to official company policy) can fix phones with symptoms of Touch Disease. And they can do it a whole lot cheaper than the cost of a new logic board or an out-of-warranty phone replacement. Which is precisely why so many of these damaged iPhones are finding their way into repair shops around the world.” At first, the problem might not be noticeable, but as the chips continue to break, the screen will become more unresponsive, and a hazy, gray bar may appear and flicker at the top of the screen. In the beginning, these symptoms may be corrected by a hard reset of the phone. Users have also reported that gently twisting the phone chassis will alleviate the problem. Experts say that these workarounds are only temporary, and the twisting method could damage the phone further. Many iPhone 6 Owners Complaining Of 'Touch Disease' Rendering Touchscreens Unusable https://t.co/x0EwZ6r4Wz pic.twitter.com/2EQf2josZd — SFist (@SFist) August 24, 2016 “The only permanent fix is to replace the phone (expensive), replace the logic board (also expensive), or replace both Touch ICs on the board (less expensive),” says iFixit. However, replacing the chips does not cure the underlying cause of Touch Disease. The repair can be expected to last nearly as long or longer than it took for the problem to develop, but what is needed for a truly permanent fix is the reinforcement of the logic board so that it does not flex. A repair company called iPad Rehab will fit the logic board with a rigid metal shield after replacing the chips. This modification will help prevent the circuitry from flexing and developing the issue again. In a move that demonstrates a lack of transparency on this defect, Apple has banned techs that have posted explanations of why the problem is occurring from Apple Support forums. It is understandable that Apple would not want to refer its customers to third-party repair houses to fix the problem. However, when the only solution that the company offers is to buy a new iPhone, it seems a bit unjust to ban those offering a cheaper solution. Apple appears to be trying to sweep the problem under the rug rather than addressing it. This lack of response is unusual since Apple has a good track record for iPhone customer service and satisfaction. However, according to New York repair specialist Louis Rossmann, Apple has done this in the past with other products and each time, it ended with Apple caving in under pressure. “Apple is going to get a class-action lawsuit against them [once enough people are angry], and then they will release an extended warranty program,” predicts Rossmann in his YouTube video. The silver lining to the iPhone Touch Disease is that it seems only the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus are affected. In the 6S and 6S Plus, Apple moved the logic board to a different location that is less prone to flexing. Therefore, the ‘S’ series owners should not have to worry about Touch Disease. Presumably, the iPhone 7 will not suffer this problem either, especially since the issue has been made well-known to the company. If your iPhone screen has stopped responding to touch or has a flickering gray bar at the top of the display, do not throw your phone out just yet. Find a repair shop that can perform micro soldering for much less than you will pay for a new iPhone. The pros at iPad Rehab will even reinforce the circuit board to “futureproof” your phone. Despite how Apple is choosing to handle it, Touch Disease is not fatal. [Photo by Spencer Platt/Getty Images] Now Read This: Free Data Offer Prompts Vodafone Upgrades To 4G Devices Share 5 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Cal Jeffrey Tags: screen problems, repair, Touch Disease, iphone Comments LATEST HEADLINES Black Friday 2016: Skip The Madness And Grab These Amazing Online Deals—Amazon, Disney, And More Sherri Papini Update: Deadline Passes For Missing California Mom’s Ransom, Cameron Gamble Negotiator For New Reward Park Shin Hye: K-Drama Actress Of ‘Doctors’ Joins ‘Korea Food For The Hungry International’ Philanthropy Club After Donating 100 Million Won To Charity ‘Pizzagate’ Hits Voat Shortly After Being Banned On Reddit, Comet Ping Pong Nightmare Continues Europa League Preview, Manchester United Vs. Feyenoord: Prediction, Starting Lineups, And Live Streaming ‘RHOA’ Kandi Burruss’ Ex, Block, Says They And Riley Are One Happy Family WWE News: Goldberg ‘Survivor Series’ Win Was All About Shocking The ‘Smart Marks’ Watch Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade Online, Mobile Apps, NBC TV: New Balloons, Floats, Celebrities Kick Off The Holiday Season On Turkey Day Saturn’s Rings: NASA’s Cassini Spacecraft Preparing To Get A Never-Before-Seen Look What Major ‘TWD’ Character Should Die In The Walking Dead Season 7? [Poll] Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Queen Elizabeth And Prince Philip Celebrate 69 Years Of Marriage 21.4k 0 0 Vote Audit: Did Trump Win Fair Election Or A Rigged One? New Movement Seeks Data On Suspicious Vote Counts 17.6k 0 0 WWE News: Details On The Finish Of Brock Lesnar Vs. Goldberg Match – Who Knew? How Long Has It Been Planned? 4.6k 0 0 Brock Lesnar Vs. Goldberg Was A Disgrace, And So Was WWE Survivor Series [Opinion] 3.5k 0 0 ‘Sons Of Anarchy’ Spin-Off ‘Mayans MC’ Confirmed By FX, Charlie Hunnam And Ryan Hurst Set To Return? 3k 0 0 WWE News: Goldberg Set To Appear At The ‘Royal Rumble’ 2.9k 0 0 Presidential Election Popular Vote: Hillary Clinton On Course To Win 2.5 Million More Votes Than Donald Trump 2.8k 0 0 Recent Headlines WWE News: Goldberg ‘Survivor Series’ Win Was All About Shocking The ‘Smart Marks’ 0 0 0 Watch Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade Online, Mobile Apps, NBC TV: New Balloons, Floats, Celebrities Kick Off The Holiday Season On Turkey Day 0 0 0 ‘General Hospital’ Spoilers: Brenda’s Return To Port Charles Suggested By Cryptic Tweet? 0 0 0 Chris Brown & Rihanna Urged To Start Dating Again Amid Reconciliation Reports 2 0 0 The Best Thanksgiving-Themed TV Episodes And Movies On Netflix, Hulu, And Amazon This Holiday Season 0 0 0 Kanye West’s Stepmom Tells All: How His Childhood Affected The ‘Egomaniac’ 0 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2016 The Inquisitr News.
National World Business Tech Sport Entertainment Life & Style Travel Motoring Profile Settings Sign Out technology Search Digital Living Gadgets Games Social Networking Apps Apple on Tim Cook's watch: Five years of change JAMES TITCOMB Last updated 08:37, August 25 2016 Reuters Apple CEO Tim Cook, left, with the late Apple co-founder Steve Jobs. ​How do you replace Steve Jobs? People had tried before and failed: When Apple's founder left amid a boardroom coup in 1985, the string of leaders that filled the void almost brought the company to its knees until Jobs' triumphant return over a decade later. So when Jobs' hand-picked successor, Tim Cook, took command on August 24 2011 - five years ago this week - it was always bound to be one of the most-scrutinised handovers in corporate history. Jobs, who would die of pancreatic cancer 13 days later, had been a model of leadership and innovation. He had been central to the polished icons of the 21st century computing: the iPod, iPhone and iPad, bringing a flair that had made them seem like more than mere products. READ MORE: * Apple's Tim Cook declares the end of the PC * Apple CEO Tim Cook offered Steve Jobs his liver, new book reveals * Tim Cook champions gay rights, makes veiled jabs at Google and Facebook REUTERS Tim Cook has campaigned more than many for race and gender equality and gay rights. Cook, meanwhile, was the less-visible chief operating officer; the master of the supply chain who rose at 4.30am every morning to keep the well-oiled machine ticking over. And though he was the obvious candidate to replace the irreplaceable, analysts doubted whether he would be able to keep the Apple magic alive. Five years later, the same questions persist. Few would deny he was the right man for the job, but under Cook, Apple has yet to release an undisputed hit product. THE WORLD'S BIGGEST COMPANY REUTERS Tim Cook, took command of Apple on August 24, 2011. While the line-up of products in Apple's stores bears a resemblance to that of five years ago, the company Cook runs has been transformed. Under his tenure, Apple has become the world's biggest public company, and twice broken the record for the biggest quarterly profit in history. The company has also doubled in size. During Jobs' last full quarter as chief executive, Apple sold 20.3 million iPhones: it now sells more than double that. Its 110,000 staff today compare with just over 60,000 five years ago. When Jobs passed the baton, it had four stores in China, against 41 today. This monumental expansion has also put pressure on Apple over taxes and its swelling overseas cash pile, which Cook has said he is not ready to repatriate without US reform, despite pressures from agitated investors such as Carl Icahn to return more money to shareholders. Ad Feedback The challenge has required a steady hand. Cook has had to appear in front of US politicians at high-profile hearings and charm European politicians investigating its tax affairs, as well as appease grumbling investors. His record here has been impressive: Apple's share price has more than doubled under Cook. INNOVATION Apple, though, is not known for stock buy-backs; it is known for the life-changing product, the thing that consumers don't know they want until they see it, at which point they positively need it. And while Jobs would surround himself with visionaries such as Sir Jonathan Ive, he was still the beating heart of these best-selling inventions. When Jobs stepped down, the key question was whether Apple would be able to continue its hot streak, and five years later, the jury is still out. One of the company's first releases under Cook's command was the disastrous Apple Maps, which missed entire towns and important transport links. Cook's most significant new product has been last year's Apple Watch, which has proved more of a niche product for committed consumers than a worldwide phenomenon. Sales to date are estimated at around 15m, above average in an emerging wearable technology market, but barely moving the dial for a company of Apple's proportions. Cook's ability to keep Apple moving upwards has instead been rooted in growing sales of the iPhone, which have increased particularly impressively in markets such as China and India. The iPhone, though, makes up more than half of Apple's sales - more than it did when Jobs stepped down, leading some to question if Apple is over-reliant on one thing. Cook recently described the popularity of the iPhone as "a privilege, not a problem", but as the smartphone market has begun to saturate, it has seemed more like the latter: after 13 years of rising revenues, sales have fallen for the last two quarters. Criticism of Cook's innovation record is often unfair, however: while Apple has continued to refresh its top products with new features, there is never likely to be another iPhone. Instead, Cook has focused on selling more of the software and services that live on the one billion iPhones and iPads in use today. Sales from apps and services increased by 19 per cent year on year in the last quarter. The services business includes Apple Music and Apple Pay - two of the more successful new products Apple has launched under Cook - and is now bigger than both the iPad and Mac computers. SOCIAL ISSUES If there is one thing that has separated Cook from his predecessor, though, it has been in trying to make Apple not only a technological force, but a very public beacon for corporate responsibility. Cook has campaigned more than many for race and gender equality and gay rights: he became the most high-profile chief executive to come out as gay two years ago, and has made efforts to improve diversity amongst Apple's workforce. Apple also became a figurehead for privacy activists this year when Cook refused to bow to the FBI's demands that Apple unlock an iPhone used by a shooter involved in a terrorist attack in California last year, labelling the request a "dangerous precedent". Cook eventually won the fight. On the day he took over from Jobs, Cook told staff: "I want you to be confident that Apple is not going to change," On that point, at least, he was very wrong.  - The Telegraph, London Saved|Saved Stories Saved|Saved Stories Save|Saved Stories Save|Saved Stories Next Digital Living story: Anaesthetist slams Greenpeace for 'spam attack' aimed at his councillor wife Technology Homepage Comments technology headlines Internet cable milestone No proof? Hold off social posts The impossible rocket to Mars iPod father's new smart karts Prank video crashing iPhones Facebook drone crash probed Internet a scary place for women Instagram now has live streaming High cost of 'free' games Mind-controlled car created Electric car smashes Nurburgring mark Can social media hurt your career? Apple to replace faulty batteries Fingers handy but not foolproof Note recall didn't damage Samsung Ad Feedback Most popular Viewed Shared Commented Salmon die suddenly after being released for Fish and Game event Teen burglars take $42,000 in goods in Raglan ram raid, sell online Hortense the huntsman's letterbox nursery is a web sensation IRD Wellington headquarters closed over suspected quake-struck stairwell Online laptop sale ends in robbery Michael Phelps explains why he was secretly married before the Rio Olympics Women cheat on men who don't do house chores - survey Bubbling phenomenon in Kaikoura could signal attraction for tourists and scientists Australian teen released as powder tests 'negative' in Bali, says lawyer Body found in Waikato river near Taupo Hortense the huntsman's letterbox nursery is a web sensation IRD Wellington headquarters closed over suspected quake-struck stairwell Legend not just living on, but alive and well Salmon die suddenly after being released for Fish and Game event GeoNet posts video showing the uplift of Kaikoura's coastline Dom Harvey: 'Running marathons saved my life' Henderson interests buy Sol Square A grim warning to baby boomers Women cheat on men who don't do house chores - survey What went wrong with Civil Defence's earthquake and tsunami response, and how can we fix it? special offers Ad Feedback National World Business Technology Sport Entertainment Life & Style Travel Motoring Stuff.co.nz About Us | Contact Us | View Mobile Site Subscribe Text | Follow us on Facebook and Twitter | Newspapers | Magazine subscriptions | RSS - Top Stories Services Stuff Fibre | Newspapers in Education | A-Z Directories | Online Advertising | Print Advertising | Careers Classifieds Death Notices | Celebrations | Trade Me | Jobs | Property | Motors | Accommodation | Personals | Newspaper Classifieds Newspapers Dominion Post | The Press | Waikato Times | Auckland Now | Sunday News | Sunday Star-Times   Marlborough Express | Manawatu Standard | Nelson Mail | Southland Times | Taranaki Daily News | Timaru Herald Other Sites Essential Mums | Cuisine | NZ House & Garden | NZ Fishing News | NZ Life & Leisure | NZ Gardener | Fairfax Archives Breaking news? Send us your photos, videos and tip-offs: Emailnewstips@stuff.co.nz Phone0800 697 8833 © 2016 Fairfax New Zealand Limited Privacy | Terms and Conditions
National World Business Tech Sport Entertainment Life & Style Travel Motoring Profile Settings Sign Out technology Search Digital Living Gadgets Games Social Networking Apps Apple on Tim Cook's watch: Five years of change JAMES TITCOMB Last updated 08:37, August 25 2016 Reuters Apple CEO Tim Cook, left, with the late Apple co-founder Steve Jobs. ​How do you replace Steve Jobs? People had tried before and failed: When Apple's founder left amid a boardroom coup in 1985, the string of leaders that filled the void almost brought the company to its knees until Jobs' triumphant return over a decade later. So when Jobs' hand-picked successor, Tim Cook, took command on August 24 2011 - five years ago this week - it was always bound to be one of the most-scrutinised handovers in corporate history. Jobs, who would die of pancreatic cancer 13 days later, had been a model of leadership and innovation. He had been central to the polished icons of the 21st century computing: the iPod, iPhone and iPad, bringing a flair that had made them seem like more than mere products. READ MORE: * Apple's Tim Cook declares the end of the PC * Apple CEO Tim Cook offered Steve Jobs his liver, new book reveals * Tim Cook champions gay rights, makes veiled jabs at Google and Facebook REUTERS Tim Cook has campaigned more than many for race and gender equality and gay rights. Cook, meanwhile, was the less-visible chief operating officer; the master of the supply chain who rose at 4.30am every morning to keep the well-oiled machine ticking over. And though he was the obvious candidate to replace the irreplaceable, analysts doubted whether he would be able to keep the Apple magic alive. Five years later, the same questions persist. Few would deny he was the right man for the job, but under Cook, Apple has yet to release an undisputed hit product. THE WORLD'S BIGGEST COMPANY REUTERS Tim Cook, took command of Apple on August 24, 2011. While the line-up of products in Apple's stores bears a resemblance to that of five years ago, the company Cook runs has been transformed. Under his tenure, Apple has become the world's biggest public company, and twice broken the record for the biggest quarterly profit in history. The company has also doubled in size. During Jobs' last full quarter as chief executive, Apple sold 20.3 million iPhones: it now sells more than double that. Its 110,000 staff today compare with just over 60,000 five years ago. When Jobs passed the baton, it had four stores in China, against 41 today. This monumental expansion has also put pressure on Apple over taxes and its swelling overseas cash pile, which Cook has said he is not ready to repatriate without US reform, despite pressures from agitated investors such as Carl Icahn to return more money to shareholders. Ad Feedback The challenge has required a steady hand. Cook has had to appear in front of US politicians at high-profile hearings and charm European politicians investigating its tax affairs, as well as appease grumbling investors. His record here has been impressive: Apple's share price has more than doubled under Cook. INNOVATION Apple, though, is not known for stock buy-backs; it is known for the life-changing product, the thing that consumers don't know they want until they see it, at which point they positively need it. And while Jobs would surround himself with visionaries such as Sir Jonathan Ive, he was still the beating heart of these best-selling inventions. When Jobs stepped down, the key question was whether Apple would be able to continue its hot streak, and five years later, the jury is still out. One of the company's first releases under Cook's command was the disastrous Apple Maps, which missed entire towns and important transport links. Cook's most significant new product has been last year's Apple Watch, which has proved more of a niche product for committed consumers than a worldwide phenomenon. Sales to date are estimated at around 15m, above average in an emerging wearable technology market, but barely moving the dial for a company of Apple's proportions. Cook's ability to keep Apple moving upwards has instead been rooted in growing sales of the iPhone, which have increased particularly impressively in markets such as China and India. The iPhone, though, makes up more than half of Apple's sales - more than it did when Jobs stepped down, leading some to question if Apple is over-reliant on one thing. Cook recently described the popularity of the iPhone as "a privilege, not a problem", but as the smartphone market has begun to saturate, it has seemed more like the latter: after 13 years of rising revenues, sales have fallen for the last two quarters. Criticism of Cook's innovation record is often unfair, however: while Apple has continued to refresh its top products with new features, there is never likely to be another iPhone. Instead, Cook has focused on selling more of the software and services that live on the one billion iPhones and iPads in use today. Sales from apps and services increased by 19 per cent year on year in the last quarter. The services business includes Apple Music and Apple Pay - two of the more successful new products Apple has launched under Cook - and is now bigger than both the iPad and Mac computers. SOCIAL ISSUES If there is one thing that has separated Cook from his predecessor, though, it has been in trying to make Apple not only a technological force, but a very public beacon for corporate responsibility. Cook has campaigned more than many for race and gender equality and gay rights: he became the most high-profile chief executive to come out as gay two years ago, and has made efforts to improve diversity amongst Apple's workforce. Apple also became a figurehead for privacy activists this year when Cook refused to bow to the FBI's demands that Apple unlock an iPhone used by a shooter involved in a terrorist attack in California last year, labelling the request a "dangerous precedent". Cook eventually won the fight. On the day he took over from Jobs, Cook told staff: "I want you to be confident that Apple is not going to change," On that point, at least, he was very wrong.  - The Telegraph, London Saved|Saved Stories Saved|Saved Stories Save|Saved Stories Save|Saved Stories Next Digital Living story: Anaesthetist slams Greenpeace for 'spam attack' aimed at his councillor wife Technology Homepage Comments technology headlines Internet cable milestone No proof? Hold off social posts The impossible rocket to Mars iPod father's new smart karts Prank video crashing iPhones Facebook drone crash probed Internet a scary place for women Instagram now has live streaming High cost of 'free' games Mind-controlled car created Electric car smashes Nurburgring mark Can social media hurt your career? Apple to replace faulty batteries Fingers handy but not foolproof Note recall didn't damage Samsung Ad Feedback Most popular Viewed Shared Commented Salmon die suddenly after being released for Fish and Game event Teen burglars take $42,000 in goods in Raglan ram raid, sell online Hortense the huntsman's letterbox nursery is a web sensation IRD Wellington headquarters closed over suspected quake-struck stairwell Online laptop sale ends in robbery Michael Phelps explains why he was secretly married before the Rio Olympics Women cheat on men who don't do house chores - survey Bubbling phenomenon in Kaikoura could signal attraction for tourists and scientists Australian teen released as powder tests 'negative' in Bali, says lawyer Body found in Waikato river near Taupo Hortense the huntsman's letterbox nursery is a web sensation IRD Wellington headquarters closed over suspected quake-struck stairwell Legend not just living on, but alive and well Salmon die suddenly after being released for Fish and Game event GeoNet posts video showing the uplift of Kaikoura's coastline Dom Harvey: 'Running marathons saved my life' Henderson interests buy Sol Square A grim warning to baby boomers Women cheat on men who don't do house chores - survey What went wrong with Civil Defence's earthquake and tsunami response, and how can we fix it? special offers Ad Feedback National World Business Technology Sport Entertainment Life & Style Travel Motoring Stuff.co.nz About Us | Contact Us | View Mobile Site Subscribe Text | Follow us on Facebook and Twitter | Newspapers | Magazine subscriptions | RSS - Top Stories Services Stuff Fibre | Newspapers in Education | A-Z Directories | Online Advertising | Print Advertising | Careers Classifieds Death Notices | Celebrations | Trade Me | Jobs | Property | Motors | Accommodation | Personals | Newspaper Classifieds Newspapers Dominion Post | The Press | Waikato Times | Auckland Now | Sunday News | Sunday Star-Times   Marlborough Express | Manawatu Standard | Nelson Mail | Southland Times | Taranaki Daily News | Timaru Herald Other Sites Essential Mums | Cuisine | NZ House & Garden | NZ Fishing News | NZ Life & Leisure | NZ Gardener | Fairfax Archives Breaking news? Send us your photos, videos and tip-offs: Emailnewstips@stuff.co.nz Phone0800 697 8833 © 2016 Fairfax New Zealand Limited Privacy | Terms and Conditions
Videos Photos Lists Live Artists Podcasts Pop R&B/Hip-Hop Chart Beat Billboard News Billboard Newsletters Subscribe Now & Save Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest Instagram Tumblr American Music Awards News Pop R&B/Hip-Hop Music Festivals Style Country Dance Latin Rock K-Pop Business Pret-a-Reporter Hot 100 Billboard 200 Charts Greatest of All Time Spotify + Web Trending 140 Emerging Artists R&B/Hip-Hop Pop Dance/Electronic Country Rock Latin Breaking and Entering Christian/Gospel Year-End 2015 Sports International Additional Genres Videos Search Frank Ocean's Album Is the Straw that Broke Universal Music's Back (and It May Get Him Sued) 8/24/2016 by Dan Rys FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ME PRINT COMMENTS Jordan Strauss/Invision/AP, File Frank Ocean arrives at the 55th Annual Grammy Awards in Los Angeles.  In the end, Frank Ocean won, and walked away with his freedom and his money. Calculating those who lost, however, is a much more complicated equation. Frank Ocean's four-year sabbatical from the public eye following his 2012 album Channel Orange ended emphatically and dramatically last week with back-to-back releases: the visual album Endless, released as an Apple Music video stream via Def Jam/Universal Music Group; and the 17-song album Blond, released as an Apple exclusive a day later on Ocean's own label, Boys Don't Cry, without Def Jam's -- or Universal's -- involvement. After an interminable wait (in music industry standards, at least), Ocean fulfilled his contractual obligations, sources tell Billboard, and increased his potential profit share from 14 percent to 70 percent of total revenues from Blond within a 24-hour period, seemingly pulling a fast one on the biggest music company in the world in the process. Def Jam and its parent Universal, stuck with an overshadowed visual album that isn't for sale, and cut out of any revenue from the "proper" album that's headed to the top of the charts on the strength of  225,000 to 250,000 equivalent album units earned in the week ending Aug. 25, were left with what amounts to a very long music video and without one of their marquee artists. Frank Ocean's 'Blonde': 10 MVPs Who Contributed to the Album UMG chairman/CEO Lucian Grainge reacted swiftly by informing the heads of his labels that Universal was done with streaming exclusives on one platform and on a global basis, which has been at the center of the streaming services' arms race in the last 18 months, though it remains unconfirmed whether or not Grainge’s policy change was a direct result of Ocean’s strategy behind Blond. But regardless, the damage was done. Now, the question is, how did Ocean win this battle? Did he? And what does it mean for the other labels, streaming services and the industry at large? In July, Billboard reported that Def Jam had spent as much as $2 million on recording costs for Ocean's album, at the time thought to be called Boys Don't Cry. Now it appears that Ocean, perhaps through an advance via his new deal with Apple (though one source suggests a separate, private benefactor), paid that amount back to Def Jam, absolving him of any recoupable claims from Def Jam/UMG and essentially buying Ocean his own recordings back. Ocean delivered Endless instead, fulfilling his deal and severing his contractual ties to the major.   But to release another full-length, fully-realized album outside the label's purview just 24-hours later is controversial, to say the least, and a source tells Billboard that while UMG hasn’t taken any legal action against Ocean or his team, the label group may have grounds to do so. (Sources close to the situation at both Def Jam and Universal Music say that no legal action against Ocean is currently being considered.) Frank Ocean's 'Blonde' Proves Why Artists Shouldn't Be Rushed For one, many record contracts are based on minimum-delivery clauses, meaning that if Ocean's deal was just for two albums, he typically would have had to deliver them within a set time frame, and at a label-acceptable level of quality, in order to fulfill his contract. In addition, most recording contracts stipulate a window of time during which an artist can't release music on any other label, so as not to compete with the current project -- in this case, DefJam's Endless. By delivering Blond within just 24 hours, it raises the question of whether  Universal even knew it was coming -- and what they could have done about it regardless.  The Frank Ocean release follows two other highly unorthodox rollouts from Def Jam artists, both via Jay Z's Tidal service: Rihanna's leaked Anti album and Kanye West's extended-streaming/eventual U-turn of a strategy for The Life of Pablo. Those two LPs at least went to No. 1 on the Billboard 200; with Ocean, Def Jam won't even have that consolation. That makes Grainge's umbrage understandable. But it doesn't necessarily represent a coup for Apple Music, either, as the ire of the industry -- and the biggest label in the world -- turns toward the house that Jobs built. (Def Jam and Apple Music did not immediately respond to requests for comment.) Spotify, one of the industry's favorite punching bags over the past few years due to its free tier and the low royalty payments that it generates, has long eschewed exclusives as bad for artists and bad for fans. And privately, many executives at major labels have agreed with that position, saying that, in addition to fostering piracy, the strategy segments off an artist's fan base into the smaller pools of Apple Music (15 million subscribers) and Tidal (estimated to have 4 million subscribers) rather than allowing the broader paid on-demand streaming subscriber base (68 million people worldwide, according to the IFPI) to tune in. To that end, UMG insiders critical of exclusives vocally muse that such artists as Ariana Grande and U2 would have seen much more significant debuts. Frank Ocean's 'Blonde' Album Heading for No. 1 Debut on Billboard 200 Chart  But whether the heads of Sony Music Entertainment and Warner Music Group -- Doug Morris and Stephen Cooper, respectively -- follow Grainge's lead in shutting down exclusives is a matter of debate. The fact remains that artists from every major label -- Drake (through Cash Money's distribution deal with UMG), Rihanna and West for Universal; Beyonce, Future and DJ Khaled for Sony; Blake Shelton and PartyNextDoor for Warner -- have succeeded using exclusive or windowed releases. But some label execs have expressed concern that despite chart successes, those albums failed to reach the maximum revenue potential by being sequestered on a single service. It's also worked for independent artists before Ocean -- Chance the Rapper's Coloring Book became the first-ever streaming-only release to reach the Billboard 200 albums chart, debuting at No. 8 as an Apple Music exclusive in May. With Ocean almost certainly set to hit No. 1 this week via his digital-only release (in addition to streaming on Apple Music, it's for sale in the iTunes Store), it raises the question of how important a record label is at all in 2016, as services offer marketing and advance money that a label would otherwise provide. And if terrestrial radio remains the final frontier that separates successful artists from superstars, well, a company like Apple has a digital version of that, too, with its Beats 1 Radio stations. At the beginning of 2016, robust competition among, and ever-increasing revenue from, the streaming services seemed like it would finally bring the recording industry back from the brink. The question is: Can the labels and streamers get along well enough to prosper together? Additional reporting by Shirley Halperin and Ed Christman. FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ME PRINT COMMENTS Comments Magazine Customer Service Subscribe Buy this issue Billboard biz The online extension of Billboard Magazine, billboard.biz is the essential online destination for the music business. Learn More Sharing Billboard Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Instagram Tumblr Pinterest Spotify Newsletter Explore Billboard Shop News Archive Photos Archive Videos Archive Magazine Archive Charts Archive Information Jobs Chart Licensing Billboard Events Contact Us Sitemap FAQ Feedback Lyrics Billboard Backstage Sonicbids © 2016 Billboard. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy About Our Ads Advertising
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Opinion: Is Apple dropping AirPort products just simple financial sense, or a slippery slope? Trending in Apple MacBook Pro Diary: First impressions in the metal and glass Trending in Apple Review: Koogeek Smart Plug is a simple, inexpensive, Wi-Fi HomeKit device to get started with Siri home automation Trending in Apple Comment: Given the ultra-low repairability of the new MacBook Pro, I’m getting AppleCare this time Trending in Apple Send in the Clones: If Apple doesn’t want to innovate the desktop Mac, it should let others Trending in Apple Hands-on impressions: 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar [Video] August 24 AAPL: 108.03 -0.82 Apple’s macOS Sierra beta hints at faster 10 Gbps USB 3.1 Gen 2 for upcoming Macs Jeff Benjamin - 3 months ago @JeffBenjam MacBook Pro USB-C View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple has supported USB 3.1 since 2015’s single-port MacBook release, but both it and the updated 2016 model feature the Gen 1 flavor of USB 3.1. Despite its name, USB 3.1 Gen 1 is basically rebranded USB 3.0, also known as SuperSpeed USB. That means that like USB 3.0, transfer speeds max out at 5 Gbps. With the upcoming release of macOS Sierra, however, there are strong indications that rumored new Mac hardware will support faster USB 3.1 Gen 2 speeds. USB 3.1 Gen 2 affords faster maximum theoretical speeds of 10 Gbps — double that of Gen 1. It’s marketed as SuperSpeed+ USB on logos, and SuperSpeed USB 10 Gbps in written form. Indeed, the USB Implementer’s Forum has quite the mess on its hands with the various names, logos, and potentially misleading nomenclature. That aside, it’s worth noting that none of the Mac hardware that Apple currently sells supports the Gen 2 variety of USB 3.1. With the upcoming release of macOS Sierra, however, there are strong indications that rumored new Mac hardware will support the faster SuperSpeed USB 10 Gbps spec. Text strings from macOS Sierra show that Apple plans to support USB 3.1 Gen 2 from a software perspective. Since there are no current Macs that support USB 3.1 Gen 2 hardware-wise, this indicates that new Mac hardware may likely ship with updated USB components that support faster throughput speeds. Localizable strings found in the macOS Sierra beta point to the upcoming change. For comparison, here is the current localizable text string from OS X El Capitan: …and here is the new string found in the latest macOS Sierra beta: Notice the addition of the super_speed_plus string, indicating future support for 10 Gbps USB 3.1 Gen 2 in upcoming Mac hardware. While such a string doesn’t paint the entire picture of what we might see when new Macs are unveiled, it does at least indicate that serious attention is being placed on the hardware’s I/O capabilities. For example, it’s possible that we could see support for Thunderbolt 3 in the highly anticipated MacBook Pro refresh. It’s worth noting that 10 Gbps USB 3.1 Gen 2 is built in to Thunderbolt 3. Thunderbolt 3 is particularly exciting, because it not only provides support for 10 Gbps USB 3.1 Gen 2, but it also lets users take advantage of blazing-fast 40 Gbps Thunderbolt connectivity and DisplayPort 1.2. Thunderbolt 3 combines all of these features into a single USB-C port that can handle 4K and 5K display output, peripheral I/O, and power delivery. If you’ve ever tried to use an external display with the current-generation MacBook, or even USB-C peripherals, then you’ll quickly appreciate how much of an improvement that such changes would make possible. Whether or not we will actually see Thunderbolt 3 support in upcoming Macs is still to be determined, but the fact that we see USB 3.1 Gen 2 text strings in the macOS Sierra beta makes such an advancement a real possibility. Needless to say, the potential of upgraded USB-C ports, along with the addition of an organic light-emitting diode (OLED) touch panel, and Touch ID, make the upcoming MacBook Pro one of the most anticipated Macs in recent history. Guides MacBook Pro View THe Guide USB-C View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Apple could be on the hook for $19 billion in taxes, and the Obama administration is livid Kif Leswing Aug. 24, 2016, 3:52 PM 190,109 facebook linkedin twitter email print Getty The European Commission is expected to levy a judgment against Apple in the next few months that could total in the billions of euros. JPMorgan has estimated that Apple could be on the hook for as much as $19 billion — or about 17 billion euros — the Financial Times reports. The commission is accusing Apple of striking a sweetheart tax deal with Ireland, in which the iPhone maker would move its profits to wholly owned Irish subsidiaries to reduce its corporate taxes. Apple has one major defender in its corner, though: the US Treasury Department and, by extension, the Obama administration. The Treasury released a white paper on Wednesday, commissioned by Treasury Secretary Jack Lew, that did not mince words while defending American companies, including Apple, Starbucks, and Amazon. It says that the Brussels-based investigation of Apple is "supranational" and essentially accused the European Commission of executing a power grab and unfairly targeting American companies. Here's the money quote from the paper (emphasis added): "The U.S. Treasury Department continues to consider potential responses should the Commission continue its present course. A strongly preferred and mutually beneficial outcome would be a return to the system and practice of international tax cooperation that has long fostered cross-border investment between the United States and EU Member States." Tax is one of the biggest and most touchy policy issues for Apple. Congress investigated Apple's tax arrangements in 2013, which led to CEO Tim Cook testifying before a US Senate subcommittee. Apple has billions of dollars held offshore that it would love to bring back to the US, but Cook has said that he thinks the system is unfair. "The money that's in Ireland that he's probably referring to is money that is subject to U.S. taxes. The tax law right now says we can keep that in Ireland or we can bring it back," Cook told The Washington Post. "We've said at 40 percent, we're not going to bring it back until there's a fair rate. There's no debate about it. Is that legal to do or not legal to do? It is legal to do. It is the current tax law." "It's important for everyone to understand that the allegation made in the E.U. is that Ireland gave us a special deal. Ireland denies that," Cook said. Based on the release of Wednesday's paper, it sounds as if Apple can continue to rely on the Treasury's support while navigating this multibillion transatlantic spat. SEE ALSO: Inside Apple's Irish holding companies NOW WATCH: Apple retail boss Angela Ahrendts told us how Apple Stores are changing Loading video... More: Apple Ireland Tax European Commission Margaret Vestager Taxes JPMorgan facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Apple could be on the hook for $19 billion in taxes, and the Obama administration is livid Apple could be on the hook for $19 billion in taxes, and the Obama administration is livid The European Commission is expected to levy a... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
null
null
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals A running list of great iOS and macOS apps on sale this... Let’s Talk iOS 162: Staying out of the gravy trouble Best Mac Bundle: save up to 90% on Parallels, 1Password, TextExpander +... Black and white wallpapers for macOS and iOS   skip to main content skip to main menu     Report: Deutsche Telekom to lure customers with 6 months of Apple Music for free By Christian Zibreg, Aug 24, 2016 Tweet 2 Comments German telecommunications company Deutsche Telekom is reportedly planning to lure prospective customers into the fold by enticing them with six free months of Apple Music, about a $60 value. German-language blog iPhone-ticker.de reported Wednesday that Deutsche Telekom is set to announce the offer at IFA in Berlin, Europe’s largest consumer electronics show that runs September 2-7. The offer is said to be aimed primarily at those who haven’t yet tried Apple’s Spotify competitor. Instead of the usual three-month free trial that Apple Music has offered since its inception, Deutsche Telekom is said to give new customers a prolonged six-month free trial. After a customer’s six months of Apple Music have expired, their mobile phone bill—not their credit card on file with iTunes—would get charged €9.99 per month to continue using the music service, iPhone-ticker.de reports. The additional three months of service on top of Apple’s existing three-month trial would be paid for by Deutsche Telekom itself, claims the report. This is interesting because it’s doubtful that any carrier would launch such a promotion without consulting with Apple. And if Apple is OK with such an offer, who’s to say that similar promotions for Apple Music couldn’t be in tow for customers of U.S. wireless carriers? Source: iPhone-ticker.de (Google Translate) Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Apple said to be considering lowering Apple Music price Amazon to take aim at Apple with $9.99 a month music service, due in September Universal wasn’t joking: Lady GaGa’s upcoming new album won’t be an Apple Music-exclusive UK’s carrier EE to offer free six-month Apple Music subscriptions beginning September 1 Related Topics Apple, Apple Music, Carrier, Deutsche Telekom, Music, News, Rumors T. Allen Is T-Mobile gonna offer the same thing in the U.S., seeing as Deutsche is their parent company? Keegan Marsh Telstra in Australia is currently doing 12 months free Apple Music when you sign up for a iPhone 6 Plus contract   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines This Mac app lets you switch between recently used apps via Touch Bar A running list of great iOS and macOS apps on sale this week President-elect Trump promises tax incentives for Apple to build “Made in USA” iPhones Apple could slash prices of next year’s 4.7″ and 5.5″ iPhones with legacy LCD technology iPhone 8 to hit mass production late in the third quarter of 2017   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: ClearClockView, PullOver, & more… PullOver lets you pin an app to your screen for easier multitasking Jailbreak tweaks of the week: EmojiSuggest, PasswordRecovery, & more… EmojiSuggest brings iOS 10-like emoji suggestions to the predictive keyboard WiJoin lets you know what Wi-Fi network you’re connected to iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2016. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Wed, Nov 23, 2016 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Business Technology Data Privacy Tech Tools All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X US criticises Commission's stance as Apple tax ruling looms Tax inquiries into US firms may have ‘chilling effect’ on US-EU investment Wed, Aug 24, 2016, 12:49 Updated: Wed, Aug 24, 2016, 20:51 Simon Carswell in Washington Apple’s use of Irish companies to shield tens of millions of dollars of overseas profit away from high US corporate tax rates was sharply criticised by a Senate panel three years ago in Washington, prompting the EU investigation into alleged illicit subsidies. A ruling on the investigation into Apple’s Irish tax arrangements is expected soon. Photograph: Michael MacSweeney         The US treasury has fired a warning shot at the European Commission ahead of its ruling on whether Ireland broke state aid rules by agreeing a sweetheart tax deal with California tech giant Apple, suggesting Brussels was acting like “a supra-national tax authority”. The American finance ministry has raised concerns about the commission’s targeting of US firms in competition and state aid investigations, warning it could “create an unfortunate international tax policy precedent”. Treasury official Robert Stack warned in a paper published on Wednesday that US taxpayers could end up footing the retrospective tax bills imposed by Brussels on American multinationals operating in Europe arising from its investigations. In an ominous warning for Ireland, which relies heavily on US corporate investment, Mr Stack said in his paper that a substantial number of additional commission investigations against US firms – as Brussels has suggested – “may lead to a growing chilling effect on US-EU cross-border investment”. The voicing of such strong public concerns comes after months of lobbying by US treasury officials fearing the consequences of the look-back audit on tax deals between European states and companies such as Apple, Amazon, Starbucks and McDonald’s. Apple’s use of Irish companies to shield tens of millions of dollars of overseas profit away from high US corporate tax rates was sharply criticised by a Senate panel three years ago in Washington, prompting the EU investigation into alleged illicit subsidies. Decision on Apple tax case now expected in September - Noonan Brexit could delay EU decision on Apple tax - Michael Noonan Ireland faces questions on fruitful Apple tax deal A ruling on the investigation into Apple’s Irish tax arrangements is expected soon. Adverse findings against the companies could have “major implications” for the US and the EU’s recovery of taxes “an outsized impact” on the firms, said Mr Stack. The treasury official even suggested potential retaliatory action, triggering concerns about possible tit-for-tat taxes, should the investigations lead to hefty tax bills. “The US treasury department continues to consider potential responses should the commission continue its present course,” said Mr Stack. ADVERTISEMENT Tax treaties The Obama administration’s concerns are rooted in what it sees as a shift in position by the commission that undermines existing tax treaties between the US and individual states and “broadly accepted” international tax arrangements, and erodes efforts by G20 countries to combat corporate tax evasion globally. “US taxpayers could wind up eventually footing the bill for these state aid recoveries in the form of foreign tax credits that would offset the US tax bills of these companies,” said Mr Stack, a deputy assistant secretary for international tax affairs. The treasury describes in the paper the commission’s approach as “new” and “unforeseeable” by the American companies and EU member states. Ahead of the commission imposing potentially large tax penalties on the US firms, Mr Stack said Brussels should not recover taxes “in a new approach in a retroactive manner because it sets a bad precedent for tax policymakers around the world”. The commission said that it “takes note” of the US treasury’s paper and that it remained available to clarify how it applies “established principles of EU state aid law”. Daniel Shaviro, a tax professor at New York University school of law, said that the US treasury’s paper was unusual but not a surprise given what is at stake. “I have had a sense of how vehement US opinion is, including in the administration, and this reflects the combination of the companies yelling and screaming about it and the quite reasonable feeling that it is in the US interest to stop this,” he said.       Topics: Jean Claude Juncker Margrethe Vestager Michael Noonan Department Of The Treasury Dutch Government Eu European Commission Amazon Apple McDonalds Starbucks Read More Cantillon: Lew intervention hints at Apple tax case endgame Cantillon: don’t forget about that Apple tax decision Apple tax criticism is ‘political crap’ - Tim Cook Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Commercial Property Solicitor entitled to damages in Anglo case Technology Clever cube makes for easier shared viewing English Soccer Ex-England player David White reveals sexual abuse by coach Business Pharmacist taking skincare back to its natural source Sponsored A bank-beating foreign exchange proposition How ‘nudge theory’ can improve pension provision Black Friday: what is it and how to prepare for it Send an AdMailer Christmas card and help a homeless charity ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Latest Business WRC asks Cityjet pilots to defer strike 18:11 Central Bank mortgage rule change: What it means for you 17:35 UK chancellor Philip Hammond maps out post-Brexit future 17:23 Solicitor entitled to damages in Anglo case 15:38 Organisations set to increase IT spend, survey shows 15:18 ADVERTISEMENT Tech Tools Clever cube makes for easier shared viewing Tech Tools: projector for use with smartphones Review: Vivofit Jr, an activity tracker for kids Fool your children into activity by turning it into a game Prynt prints your smartphone photos – and adds video Tech Tools: It’s augmented reality meets actual reality with the help of Zink technology Smart wifi plug gives you the power to control the power Tech Tools: TP Link device means you can use home appliances from your smartphone Most Read in Business 1 First-time buyer deposits cut to 10% as Central Bank eases mortgage rules 2 Central Bank mortgage rule change: What it means for you 3 What to do in your 20s/30s...if you don’t want to be broke in your 60s 4 Solicitor entitled to damages in Anglo case 5 Loosening of mortgage rules will push up house prices, says Davy 6 Shocking revelations at Rush Credit Union are just the start 7 UK chancellor Philip Hammond maps out post-Brexit future 8 Vulture funds hit by political cave-in on tax reprieve 9 Sorry millennials: Buying a home was just as hard for your parents 10 Michael Noonan says ‘brass-plate operations’ will not be welcome Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Web Log Get smart with the Science Gallery Podcast Research finds way to curb racist tweets Angry Chef debunks ‘clean’ eating movement Mac App Store now facing strong competition San Francisco hosts world’s first convention for emoji fans Game Reviews Pokemon Go Review   Gotta catch ‘em all? Be prepared for the long haul Gordon Ramsay Dash   If you can’t stand the heat... Preview: EA’S UFC 2   Step into the Octagon Tearaway Unfolded   Big screen debut for Atoi & Co Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Dating Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper eBooks Subscriber Rewards IT Sunday Email Newsletters Breaking news app My Account Newspaper Archive Crossword Club Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Wed 23/11/2016 News US Election Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Dating Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox My Account Manage your account The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
Time.com MY ACCOUNT SIGN IN SIGN OUT SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Motto Entertainment Science Newsfeed Living Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Ideas Parents TIME Labs Money LIFE The Daily Cut Photography Videos TIME Shop Press Room The 100 Most Influential People American Voices Next Generation Leaders The Ensemble Effect Person of the Year 2015 Top of the World A Year In Space Subscribe Newsletters Feedback Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Ad Choices RSS TIME Apps TIME for Kids Advertising Reprints and Permissions Site Map Help Customer Service © 2016 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Tech MY ACCOUNT SIGN IN SIGN OUT SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE MORE U.S. Edition U.S. Edition Europe, Middle East and Africa Edition Asia Edition South Pacific Edition See the First Trailer for Martin Scorsese’s Highly Anticipated Silence Done With Tinder? Try ‘Sindr,’ the Vatican’s New Confession Finder App Amber Heard Is Being Sued for $10 Million by the Producers of London Fields The Freak City-Wide Outbreak of Asthma That Overwhelmed Melbourne ‘Could Have Been Predicted’ President Obama Pokes Fun at Michael Jordan Over Crying Meme and Space Jam Brad Pitt, Marion Cotillard and the Long History of the Rumor Mill at the Box Office Review: With Allied, the Old-School Wartime Melodrama Enters the Modern Age What Is an Emolument? Donald Trump Has People Talking About This Part of the Constitution Donald Trump and the Epidemiology of Hate Chance the Rapper, John Legend and More Celebs Share Support for Kanye West After Hospitalization TIME Tech Smartphones Steve Wozniak Says Apple Should Not Eliminate Headphone Jack in iPhone 7 Mahita Gajanan @mahitagajanan Aug. 24, 2016 SHARE Kelly Sullivan—Getty Images SAN JOSE, CA - MARCH 20: Steve Wozniak addresses the crowd during the closing panel of the Silicon Valley Comic Con on March 20, 2016 in San Jose, California. "That's going to tick off a lot of people" Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak is against the company removing headphone jacks in the next iPhone, as is rumored. Wozniak said Apple would frustrate many customers if it eliminated the headphone jack in the forthcoming iPhone 7, expected to be out in early September. “If it’s missing the 3.5mm earphone jack, that’s going to tick off a lot of people,” Wozniak told The Australian Financial Review. Reports indicate Apple will remove the headphone jack to make the next iPhone slimmer and more water resistant, though Apple has not confirmed its plans. Without a headphone jack, customers will have to either use an adaptor to plug wired headphones into the iPhone’s Lightning port or use wireless headphones via Bluetooth. Wozniak said he “would not use Bluetooth” because listening to music through it “just sounds so flat.” Tap to read full story Read Next Your browser is out of date. Please update your browser at http://update.microsoft.com Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Science Entertainment Newsfeed Living Ideas Parents Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Subscribe Give a Gift TIME Shop Press Room Newsletters Customer Service Site Map Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Advertising Ad Choices Careers © 2016 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP YOU BROKE TIME.COM! Dear TIME Reader, As a regular visitor to TIME.com, we are sure you enjoy all the great journalism created by our editors and reporters. Great journalism has great value, and it costs money to make it. One of the main ways we cover our costs is through advertising. The use of software that blocks ads limits our ability to provide you with the journalism you enjoy. Consider turning your Ad Blocker off so that we can continue to provide the world class journalism you have become accustomed to. The TIME Team
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables Editors' Choice All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Search for Arrow_Path WalmartBlackFriday TargetBlackFriday BestBuyBlackFriday PS4BlackFridayDeals XboxOneBlackFridayDeals Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Desktops/ My 30 Years With PCMag, Part Four (2006-2016) My 30 Years With PCMag, Part Four (2006-2016) By John C. Dvorak August 24, 2016 10 Comments This final era tracks the decline and the societal changes that were unexpected. I began writing for PC Magazine in August 1986 and have continued uninterrupted for 30 years. This is a good time to reflect on exactly what happened over that time, which is what I'll be doing this month in four installments. Read Part One, Part Two, and Part Three. By 2006, desktop computers were ubiquitous, but interest waned as the development of new apps and ideas slowed. Everything became more Web-centric. To top it off, Bill Gates announced plans to resign by 2008. But things really got rolling with the launch of Twitter and Google buying YouTube, both of which signaled a move away from the desktop. At the same time, rumors about Apple moving into the mobile phone game heated up. The iPhone arrived in 2007 and was the sea change that pushed aside anything going on with the PC. The iPhone (and later, Android devices) were the new personal computers. The next few years focused largely on this new paradigm, helping secure the re-emergence of tablets and smartwatches. Everything not within this milieu was marginalized. The Internet era had already threatened the desktop PC by moving the real processing away from the computer. Smartphones took it off the desktop altogether using the Internet as leverage. The real insult was the appearance in 2011 of the Chromebook, a device that needs the Internet to function. It is, in reality, a very nice Smart Terminal—a throwback—right down to its aspect ratio. That's somewhat ironic since this was also the era of the display and the dominance of the GPU. Displays were improved to an extreme, with feature-laden LCD monitors and the OLED display. 4K screens would become common. For the desktop user, more and more things were canceled or disappearing. In 2007, Apple Computer dropped the word "computer" from its name and just became Apple Inc. The Macintosh computer would take a back seat to the phone, tablet, and the watch. MacBooks began this era as the must-have laptop, but in the end, they too would be less important. As everything became even more mobile-centric, the economy collapsed in 2008 right as it was recovering from the earlier dot-com debacle. This caused a pullback from a lot of activity and led to a new twist: the emergence of the so-called sharing economy with Airbnb, Uber, and Lyft. Before this era, people were developing personal and corporate blogs with elaborate templates. Then things shifted and simplified via operations like Tumblr. Nobody was interested in doing much design work themselves or even too much customization. That's why Facebook's closed system took off. Google countered with Google+ to no avail. Reddit emerged as a news source to further confuse things. At some point early in these 10 years, AOL dropped Netscape, making for some odd irony. AOL was then get gobbled up by Verizon. Consolidation began. Facebook bought Instagram. Yahoo bought Tumblr, and Yahoo was, in turn, was acquired by Verizon. Acer gobbled up Packard Bell, eMachines, and Gateway. Everex shuttered. Nokia purchased Symbian. Microsoft bought Nokia's phone business. Dell went private. It was, and continues to be, a mad scramble. There was probably more manic activity since 2006 than any earlier era, but it was all short-lived or niche. Farmville came and went, as games for the smartphone, like Angry Birds, picked up steam. The current fad is Pokemon Go. Apps were the big thing in the early days of the phone. Programmers who could be doing bigger things tried to get rich quick with often dopey apps. A few notable developments did have an impact, such as the Kindle Reader. When this computer revolution began, the original idea was to wrest control. Take the power of the computer away from the gatekeepers and empower the individual. Woohoo! The Internet appeared and added infinite connectivity between the empowered souls as a needed benefit. //Related Articles My 30 Years With PCMag, Part Three (1996-2006) However, in 2013, a government contractor named Edward Snowden revealed what really happened. The fantastic interconnectivity was more or less a control mechanism; the government was spying on everyone. This occurred with the assistance of firms like Yahoo, Microsoft, Google, Apple, and others. It was like the novel 1984 brought to life. The scene soured, ending any of the idealism of the 1970s. All supposed revolutions based on technology (radio immediately comes to mind, as does the automobile) start with massive idealism. Such idealism is always shattered when the "revolution" matures and reality sets in. It was fun witnessing it and the next 10 years should be just as interesting. But it won't be interesting from the perspective of the PC, not anymore. Back to top Previous : Can the PC Market Be Resuscitated? Microsoft Needs to Forget the Mac Faithful, Focus on the Kid... Next : By John C. Dvorak Columnist, PCMag.com John Dvorak is a columnist for PCMag.com and the host of the weekly TV video podcast CrankyGeeks. His work is licensed around the world. Previously a columnist for Forbes, Forbes Digital, PC World, Barrons, MacUser, PC/Computing, Smart Business and other magazines and newspapers. Former editor and consulting editor for Infoworld. Has appeared in the New York Times, LA Times, Philadelphia Enquirer, SF Examiner, Vancouver Sun. Was on the start-up team for CNet TV as well as ZDTV. At ZDTV (and TechTV) was host of Silicon... More » More Stories by John C. Social Media Is Ruining US Elections Twitter and Facebook have to go or next time their power could cause serious damage to our society. More » How the Stylus Doomed Microsoft's Phone Business History will show that the stylus was the one thing that kept Redmond from replicating the success o... More » The MacBook Pro's Touch Bar Solves a Nonexistent Problem The MacBook Pro's Touch Bar is a pathetic stopgap to having a full touch screen, but fanboys will pr... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles 7 Things Not to Buy Before Black Friday Hands On With Snapchat Spectacles 9 Shows to Watch if You Love Westworld How Stoners Are Getting High (Tech) How to Capture Video Clips in Windows 10 10 Games Every Sony PlayStation 4 Player Needs »See More //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
Skip to main content Apple Valley Review Main menu Home Arrest Logs Classifieds Community Events Contact Us Opinion Roy's 100th You are here Home Apple Valley adopts plan to become electric provider August 24, 2016 By Matthew Cabe APPLE VALLEY — The Town Council voted Tuesday to adopt the implementation plan for the Apple Valley Choice Energy Program, a move the leads the town a step closer to becoming residents’ default electricity provider. A summary of the Community Choice Aggregation program startup and phase-in process projects total revenues for the town of nearly $13.2 million while total costs and operating reserves would stand at approximately $12.1 million upon implementation in 2017. Both amounts incrementally increase from there until 2026. A nine-year surplus of just over $21 million is projected at that point, the summary shows. Prior to the unanimous vote, Mayor Barb Stanton acknowledged that serving as the community's electricity provider will be a revenue generator for the town, but she discussed overall benefits, as well. “It’ll help our citizens and it will help the town,” Stanton said. “In Apple Valley we aren’t along the freeway corridor. We don’t have Restaurant Row or the hotels. We are looking and growing in a little and distinctively different way than our neighbors, and I applaud that growth. That's what makes Apple Valley special … We all want (the program) to be everything that it’s positioned to be, and I also think we’re making the right move.” More concretely, Mayor Pro Tem Scott Nassif and Councilman Art Bishop said local control of utility distribution will lower rates for customers within the town’s service area — compared to the rates of Southern California Edison — and provide an incentive to businesses weighing the pros and cons of moving into Apple Valley. In addition, Public Services Manager Joseph Moon told the Daily Press the town is soliciting proposals from a variety of suppliers, which does not include SCE. “By purchasing power directly through the market, we can pass it on at lower rates,” Moon said via email. “We are currently reviewing responses to our first request for bids.” Bishop characterized the current state of utility costs in California as “going crazy.” “I see this as a direct benefit not only today but tomorrow,” Bishop said. “Looking at what the CPUC is doing to the people in California, I think this is the way of the future for every local community in the state.” Nassif discussed the additional benefit to residents of being able to address Council directly on electricity-related issues, which other Council members have previously stated would also be a benefit of local control of the water system currently owned by Liberty Utilities, Apple Valley. “It brings back the opportunity for our residents to come to Council meetings and talk to us about rates, talk to us about programs,” Nassif said. “I think there is a benefit, both to our residents and, of course, to our businesses if we want to … structure it to attract businesses in our community moving forward.” Town officials maintain in documents that the program will create jobs, as well. Several residents, however, were skeptical of the Council’s move. Lawrence McCarthy asked for clarification on the inclusion of a deposit required prior to obtaining service. Town Manager Frank Robinson then clarified — somewhat aggravatedly — that the deposit will not be required of all customers in the service area, but by some customers who were previously customers of SCE or AVCE and had their service discontinued within the last 12 months as a result of bill nonpayment. “That is a standard process in utility services,” Robinson said. “We all know that. In fact, many of us who may be new to the state of California in the past, or have been new to living on your own for the first time and turning on a utility, are asked to put up a deposit until you establish your credit worthiness.” Following McCarthy’s question, fellow resident Richard Rorex took exception to the opt out aspect of the program, which is allowed at no cost to customers during the rollout process. “If this is such a great thing for us, why is it opt out instead of opt in?” Rorex asked. “Every contract that has opt out is usually bad for the customer. Really. They want to force you into it unless you decide not to … This opt out thing really rankles my soul because it’s never been to the advantage of the consumer. Now, if it’s such a great thing, it should be opt in and people should be flocking to it.” Rorex added that the process for opting out of the program was too complicated and questioned whether AVCE would truly be beneficial to consumers. Moon said Thursday that four notifications will be sent to customers during the program’s enrollment period, which will include information related to opt-out rights. Documents show that all customers who do not opt out within 30 days of the fourth enrollment notice will have agreed to become full status program participants. The town is now expected to submit its AVCE implementation plan to the California Public Utilities Commission for review. It’s then the CPUC’s responsibility to establish a cost-recovery mechanism that must be in place before customers receive service through AVCE, according to the California Public Utilities Code. Matthew Cabe can be reached at MCabe@VVDailyPress.com or at 760-951-6254. Follow him on Twitter @DP_MatthewCabe. Search Search © Copyright 2014 Local Media Group, Inc. All Rights Reserved.   Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | Local Media Group Publications Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. AppleValley-Review.com | 16000 Apple Valley Road, Suite C-5, Apple Valley, CA 92307
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Wearable technology and IoT wearable devices Andrew Meola Aug. 24, 2016, 3:37 PM 6,455 facebook linkedin twitter email print Fitbit Wearable technology is often touted as one of the greatest applications of the Internet of Things, and with good reason. Wearable electronics that consumers can display on their bodies have the potential to transform the way we live. Devices from Fitbit and its peer companies allow people to track their health and exercise progress in previously impossible ways. And smartwatches bring the power of smartphones directly to the wearer's wrist. But IoT devices didn't just crop up out of nowhere. This wearable technology can trace its roots back further than you might think, and the road ahead for wearable devices looks bright. We've compiled a history of the wearables market that looks at the past, present, and future of these devices. The Past If we wanted to be truly technical, we could trace the history of wearable devices all the way back to the Roman emperor Nero, who used emeralds like eyeglasses in order to get a sharper view of gladiatorial combat. But let's fast forward almost 2000 years to 1961, when the first wearable computer appeared inside the shoes of MIT mathematics professors Edward O. Thorp and Claude Shannon. The two designed a timing device to fit inside their shoes to rather accurately predict where the ball would land in a roulette wheel, and then transmit the number through radio waves to the gambler at the table. Thorp reported a 44% increase in winning bets in his book Beat The Dealer. In fact, the strategy was so successful that Nevada passed a law banning such machines in 1985. More than a decade later, the Pulsar "Calculator" wristwatch hit the market and allowed people to figure out their restaurant tips. Several years after that came Steve Mann, who would pioneer several wearable devices in his time. But he got started in high school in 1981, when he wired a computer to his backpack in order to control photographic equipment. He even mounted a camera viewfinder to a helmet to serve as the display. Then in 1994, Mann created the Wearable Wireless Webcam, which he used to upload images to the Internet until 1996. You can think of him as the first blogger, if you will. Once we hit 2000, the first Bluetooth headset arrived on the market. In 2006, Nike and Apple joined forces to create the appropriately named Nike+iPod, a sport bundle that let runners and the health conscious sync their movements to their iPod. But the wearables craze truly exploded in the 2010s. In 2011, Google developed the first prototype of what would become Google Glass. The tech giant sent test models to a select group in April 2013 and then released the device to the general public in May 2014. Fitbit has released a dozen wearable devices and became so successful that they filed their IPO for $358 million in 2015. And Apple, the global king of technology, released the Apple Watch on April 24, 2015. The Present Today, we've reached a sweet spot for wearable devices. Companies are producing mass quantities of wearable technology, but the market is not oversaturated. The Apple Watch is alive and well thanks to a price reduction and solid craftsmanship, and rumors are swirling that an Apple Watch 2 with GPS and improved processing power would hit the market by the end of this year. The Fitbit Blaze and Fitbit Alta both released earlier this year and have received positive reviews from consumers and critics alike. And more traditional looking wearables, such as the Samsung Gear S2 and the Huawei Watch, blend style and function. The Future CCS Insight expects the wearables market to reach $14 billion by the end of this year, according to Forbes. And BI Intelligence, Business Insider's premium research service, expects the wearables market to grow to 162.9 million units by the end of 2020. The healthcare sector will be one of the top catalysts to push the wearables markets to these heights, as consumer and professional healthcare trends will spur interest in wearable devices. Fitness trackers, in particular, are the leading consumer case for wearables because most consumers use wearable devices to record their exercise and health statistics and progress. And hospitals, med-tech companies, pharmaceutical companies, and insurance companies have started to utilize these devices. Accuracy will remain the top barrier to widespread adoption, as manufacturers must ensure that these devices transmit correct data so that users receive accurate progress reports. And as always, privacy concerns are of the utmost importance. Furthermore, smartwatches will likely cannibalize a major portion of demand for fitness trackers, as these devices perform many of the same functions as fitness bands but carry a host of other features, as well. But other questions still remain. Will these devices truly be transformative? Will the average consumer want to have a wearable device attached to them 24 hours a day to monitor all of their activities? Will these devices need to be more fashion friendly, or even totally concealed? Will the government impose restrictive regulations on IoT devices? BI Intelligence has compiled a detailed report on wearable devices that answers all of these questions and more. To get your copy of this invaluable guide to the world of wearables, choose one of these options: Subscribe to an ALL-ACCESS Membership with BI Intelligence and gain immediate access to this report AND over 100 other expertly researched deep-dive reports, subscriptions to all of our daily newsletters, and much more. >> START A MEMBERSHIP Purchase the report and download it immediately from our research store. >> BUY THE REPORT The choice is yours. But however you decide to acquire this report, you’ve given yourself a powerful advantage in your understanding of the wearables devices. Learn more: What is the Internet of Things? Definition, Industries and Companies IoT Ecosystem - Forecasts and Business Opportunities IoT Market Size, Share & Growth Forecasts IoT Trends, Growth & Predictions IoT Devices, Applications & Examples Top IoT Companies to Watch & Invest In IoT Wearable Devices & Technology How IoT Will Affect Security IoT Reports More: BI Intelligence BI Intelligence Content Marketing Wearable Devices Wearable Technology Wearables IoT Devices Fitness Wearables Wearable Electronics Wearable Technology Companies Wearables Market Health Wearables Internet of Things iot facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Wearable technology and IoT wearable devices Wearable technology and IoT wearable devices Wearable technology is often touted as one of... Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
null

null
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Music Home Follow Us Backstage Reality Rocks Chart Watch New This Week Interviews Performances Photos Videos News Reviews Frank Ocean Trades Hooks for Heart on His New Projects pigeonsandplanes.comAugust 24, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share 'Blonde' and 'Endless' are soundtracks for love in the age of technology.More By Christine Werthman If you were holding your breath for Frank Ocean’s new album, you’d be dead by now. Or more likely, you would’ve passed out after about two minutes and then reawakened. And because more than two million minutes went by since 2012, you could’ve repeated the faint-and-revive cycle more than a million times from the moment Channel ORANGE dropped until now. Sounds like a productive four years. Cheaper than college. Ocean’s presumably spent his time better. We knew he was working. We heard about songs completed, saw his Tumblr promises, the in-studio photos, listened to the song snippets, read interviews with his collaborators. We watched him fart around in a warehouse. And what did we learn from these clues about the release of Boys Don’t Cry? Nothing, really. We thought we knew, but we had no idea. Shout out to The New York Times. We finally got something on Thursday night. The warehouse stream came back to life, and an album, correction, a 45-minute black-and-white “film by Frank Ocean” called Endless appeared soon after on Apple Music. Ocean then seemed to reward us for our loyalty with a “but wait, there’s more” moment over the weekend when he released a video for the song “Nikes,” sold the Boys Don’t Cry magazine and physical copies of a second album, Blonde, at pop-up stores, then dropped the 17 songs digitally on Apple Music. After all that wait, we now have nearly 107 minutes of music to digest and help carry the story of Ocean’s next chapter beyond the four-year exposition. Endless is a beautiful but strange experience, starting with the abridged version of the song “Device Control” by German photographer Wolfgang Tillmans (Tillmans also took the cover photo for Blonde, a reveal of Frank with green hair, right hand covering his face). It’s an odd beginning, with Tillmans speaking in a robotic voice about capturing video with an Apple product. The full version of this track appears at the very end of the film, creating mechanical bookends to a project that otherwise seems so human in the middle. Ocean arrives with a cover of the Isley Brothers’ “At Your Best (You Are Love),” his falsetto thinner than Aaliyah’s but appropriate for this sparse and dreamy rendition with string orchestration credited to Radiohead’s Jonny Greenwood. Greenwood is joined on the collaboration roster by electronic specialists like James Blake, Arca, and SebastiAn, names that might account for the overall slippery, experimental nature of Endless, where the lines of demarcation are fuzzy between tracks. Sampha makes a brief but stunning vocal contribution on “Alabama,” but it’s Jazmine Sullivan who gives this project emotional weight. “I know you’re in there somewhere,” she sings in a pained voice on “Hublots.” Ocean then leads you into that “somewhere” in his head on “In Here Somewhere,” the electronics glitching and rattling like brain synapses firing while an uncredited female voice, possibly Sullivan’s, offers muffled cries on the outside. It’s no coincidence that the tracks that feature Sullivan—“Alabama,” the gorgeous “Wither,” “Hublots,” and “Rushes”—are the album’s best. Endless disrupts its own loveliness with bad raps—“El Chapo, de facto/Belle nacho, shell taco, crunch crackle”—and exposed buttholes—“Peace to Moschino, cover your ass, your rectum showing”—on “U-N-I-T-Y.” That song is really the only obvious stain on the album, but even without it, Endless would not have been a satisfactory follow-up to Channel Orange. It’s too much of an art project, pretty but nebulous, much like the warehouse stream that climaxes with our protagonist ascending the spiral staircase he built. Luckily, Ocean also dropped Blonde. Blonde stirs up questions before the first note plays. If the album is called Blonde, then why is it Blond on the cover? When you’re speaking in terms of nouns, blond is the masculine and blonde is the feminine. Ocean has always played with gender fluidity, and this is no different. The only alternative theory is that someone messed up when inputting the album title somewhere along the way, but better for Ocean to run with the narrative that implies artistic intent. At its core, Blonde is an album of modern romance, love in the age of technology. It’s a free-floating project, the sound of your head after a handful of painkillers. Ocean spends half of the songs playing with vocal distortion, putting a little distance between himself and his personal lyrics. It’s easy to imagine the distorted moments representing something like a text message, a far more common mode of communication nowadays where the phone and people’s real voices seem so intimidating. Read More At its core, Blonde is an album of modern romance, love in the age of technology​. There are instances of sex and romance, like on “Skyline To,” where he describes “making sweet love, taking time.” But Ocean more often explores the uncertainties surrounding relationships that are mostly casual until they aren’t. “We’re not in love, but I’ll make love to you,” he says on “Nikes,” while the synthesizers glow and dim in the hazy background. “I’m not him, but I’ll mean something to you.” “Ivy” appears to move in a sweeter direction—“I thought that I was dreaming when you said you loved me”—until it turns out that Ocean’s talking about unrequited love, and he is on the receiving end—“It’s quite alright to hate me now.” The vocals, supported by a watery electric guitar strum, aren’t subjected to any obvious distortion, though he sounds oddly pinched and younger than he is when he sings, “I ain’t a kid no more,” like a teenager trying to convince his parents he’s old enough to take out the car for a night. This makes the “Be Yourself” voicemail warning, coming from a woman who may be his mother, fitting. “Don’t try to be someone else,” she warns her college-age child. “When people become weed heads, they become sluggish, lazy, stupid, and unconcerned.” Ocean turns 29 this fall, older than the average undergraduate, but he reminds us that you’re always a kid to your parents, a wise adult to your younger self, and an uncertain mess at present. “I can’t relate to my peers,” he says on “Seigfried.” “I’d rather live outside.” The coming of age story never really ends because we’re always getting older. The coming of age story never really ends because we’re always getting older.​ The tracks here are much straighter shots than anything on Endless, but there’s not a “Thinkin’ Bout You” on this album. “Pink + White” is a pretty piano and bass line walk through a time of cannon balls and climbing trees, with Beyoncé dropping in with some angelic backing vocals. “Solo” has the one hook that might stick in your head—“It’s hell on earth and the city’s on fire/In hell, in hell there’s heaven”—though André 3000’s “Solo (Reprise)” is more memorable, with a frantic rap—about sexism, police murdering kids, rappers not writing their own rhymes—that leaves him less “solo” and more “so low.” Ocean speaks about his own set of anxieties throughout the album in a less hectic way, save for the rush of “Pretty Sweet.” He calls out Trayvon Martin on “Nikes”—“That n*gga look just like me”—he claims, “They wanna murder a n*gga/Murder me like Selena,” on “Futura Free,” and he says, “Want to see nirvana but don’t wanna die,” on “Nights.” Mortality is on the brain, as is connection and understanding. “I’ll be honest, I wasn’t devastated,” he sings in a voice filtered through a prismizer on “Close to You,” “But you could’ve held my hand through this, baby.” The personal touch is hard to come by and sometimes either forgotten or devalued in the era of social media, and he gives a story from SebastiAn as an example on “Facebook Story.” “She told me like, ‘Accept me on Facebook,’” the French producer says about a girl he was dating when the platform first launched. “She starting to be crazy. She thought because I didn’t accept her, she thought I was cheating.” Maybe this is meant to show the absurdity of not believing in your partner’s fidelity without a Facebook declaration, or maybe it’s used as an example of how best to gaslight your girlfriend. Either way, it accomplishes both tasks. This isn’t a singles album by design (there aren’t really any big memorable hooks and melodies to speak of) or distribution (Apple won’t let you purchase individual songs). But if you had to choose a standout, let it be “Self Control.” This song rolls all of the charms of this project into one: the weird little voice he uses on “Nikes,” the themes of relationships, distance, and bad timing, and sparse accompaniment, this time by an electric guitar. “Wish I was there, wish we had grown up on the same advice/And our time was right,” he says, letting Austin Feinstein and Yung Lean sing the chorus: “Keep a place for me, for me/I’ll sleep between ya’ll, it’s nothing.” Then the strings swell on the bridge and Ocean reminds us he may be the outsider in this situation but he’s not too timid to make demands: “Give up, just tonight.” Vulnerable as Ocean can be in his music, he’s still a confident, capable artist. There’s been so much talk about how hard the wait for Channel Orange’s follow-up was on fans, but imagine the pressure felt by the artist who keeps the masses waiting. There could be a power trip element to it all, knowing that your fans will stand by you no matter how little you give them. But four years is also plenty of time to be paralyzed by your insecurities and convince yourself that your work sucks and will never meet anyone’s expectations. That weight could have wrecked a lesser artist, but not Ocean. Instead, he made us wait and proved that sometimes making good art just takes time.   Related links: These Frank Ocean Interviews Help Us Understand Who He Really Is Frank Ocean's 'Blonde' Was Independently Released Continue Reading On Complex #reviews #frank-ocean Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Frank Ocean Talks Snubbing Grammys, Ditching Labels in Rare Interview Yahoo Music Frank Ocean Explains His Decision to Sit Out 2017 Grammys Yahoo Music Deck the Vinyl Halls: Your Guide to Record Store Day Black Friday 2016 Yahoo Music Holocaust jacket found at tag sale leads to a life story Associated Press Video Premiere: Tito Jackson Plays 'Remember the Time' for 2016 Soul Train Awards Yahoo Music Gallery: Onstage at the 2016 AMAs Yahoo Music Music Stars We’ve Lost in 2016 Yahoo Music Chrissy Teigen apologises in the best way for showing 'hooha' Yahoo Style UK See it First: AWOLNATION Performs 'Kookseverywhere' Live Yahoo Music Heartbreaking Book Excerpt Details How Freddie Mercury Revealed Illness to Queen Bandmates Yahoo Music Gallery: Johnny Depp, Peter Gabriel, Tom Morello, Pussy Riot Join Forces for The Voice Project's 'Imprisoned for Art' Yahoo Music Alicia Silverstone Poses Nude for PETA to Protest Wool Yahoo Style ‘The Voice’ Top 11 Results: It’s Miley’s Birthday and She’ll Cry If She Wants To Yahoo Music 10 Records That May Be Set at This Year's AMAs (And the Odds That They Actually Will Be) Yahoo Music 13 American Music Awards Nominations That May Surprise You Yahoo Music The Toll Kanye West’s Outbursts Have Taken on His Marriage to ‘Very Protective’ Kim Kardashian People Eres Tú - Carla Morrison Yahoo Music 8 Reality Stars You Forgot Were Reality Stars Yahoo Music Gallery: Onstage at the 50th Annual CMA Awards Yahoo Music ‘Dancing With the Stars’ Finale Recap: Golden Girl Yahoo TV ‘The Voice’ Live Playoffs Go to 11 Yahoo Music 2016 CMA Awards Red Carpet: Jamie Lynn Spears, RaeLynn, Elle King, and More Yahoo Music Nine CMA Losers Who Became Big Winners Yahoo Music Justin Bieber Caught on Video Punching a Fan Who Reached into His Car in Barcelona People The 2016 AMAs’ Highs and Many, Many Lows Yahoo Music Exclusive Photos: Ranking ‘The Voice’ Season 11's Top 20 Yahoo Music Gallery: On the Scene at the 2016 Voodoo Music + Arts Festival Yahoo Music Important 'Little People, Big World' Employee Gets Deported to Mexico Superfan TV Green Day Chant ‘No Trump, No KKK, No Fascist USA!’ at American Music Awards Yahoo Music 15 Records That May Be Set at This Year's CMAs (And the Odds That They Actually Will Be) Yahoo Music The 10 Scariest Bands of All Time Yahoo Music Kendall and Kylie Jenner ‘Would Have to Go to Bed Hungry’ If They Didn’t Follow Their Dad’s Dinner Rules People Prince's Sister Accepts 'Purple Rain' AMA Trophy, Three Decades Later Yahoo Music Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Yahoo - ABC News Network
null
null
News Photos Reviews Mobiles हिन्दी Top Mobiles Brands PHONE FINDER Compare USER REVIEWS Trending Topics Breaking News Exclusives Events Gaming Cameras Laptops AV News Apps Review Opinions Accessories Cars Business Features Hardware Software Interviews Tablets Mobile TV How To Video Wearables Connected Devices WTF Legal Services Internet Social Previous Indian-origin scientist design chip that wards off hardware viruses Previous Next DoT resolves over 1,000 telecom-related complaints registered on ‘Twitter Sewa’ Next News Home > News > Apple iPhone 6 SE packaging leaked, but here's why it makes no sense Apple iPhone 6 SE packaging leaked, but here’s why it makes no sense With less than 20 days to go for the Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus launch, leaked photos of an iPhone 6 SE retail box and pamphlets have surface. But here’s why it makes no sense for Apple to launch the iPhone 6 SE. By Ritesh Bendre | Published: August 24, 2016 8:22 PM IST Email @GadgetFreak4U comments Tags: Apple Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Apple iPhone SE News By now, most of us are already aware that Apple will be unveiling its 2016 flagship smartphones – the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, sometime next month. Over the past few months, we have come across a lot of leaks hinting at the design, features and specifications of the new iPhones. But today’s leak raises more questions than clearing existing one. A handful of sketchy photos have surfaced online showing off the product packing and pamphlets of an alleged iPhone 6 SE. Yes, you read it right, and if you’re confused too, here’s why the latest leak does not make any sense. Apple launched the iPhone SE, which was the upgraded version of the iPhone 5s featuring a familiar compact design with 4-inch display, and the latest hardware from iPhone 6s. As the iPhone SE was launched just few months ago, we’re not expecting an upgrade soon. Also, the iPhone 6 already has its successor – the iPhone 6s. In all probability, Apple would discontinue the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. The lineup is likely to begin with the iPhone SE, followed by the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus and of course, the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. The iPhone SE already shares most of the hardware from the iPhone 6s, in a smaller form factor. The iPhone SE was launched because Apple believed there was still an audience that preferred a smaller footprint, which was lost when Apple decided to increase the display size with the iPhone 6. Finally, what will the iPhone 6 SE offer that the iPhone 6s and by extension the iPhone SE doesn’t? Even if we were to consider earlier rumors that Apple won’t launch the iPhone 7 this year and instead call it the iPhone 6 SE, the packaging looks fake. First off, the lighting condition is pretty dull, which we can’t usually complaint about the leaks, but still it looks like, someone with good Photoshop skills has used the iPhone SE and iPhone 6 packaging to blend it together and make it look authentic. The ‘SE’ label extends higher than on the one seen on the iPhone SE box. If we ignore the branding on the packaging and pamphlet, the box surface with Apple logo screams fake all the way. Why? The Apple logo on the box, which is usually vertical, it is placed horizontally. And if that’s not enough, look at the typography on the back side of the box – the spacing in the text isn’t justified properly. Anyway, with Apple rumored to launch the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus onSeptember 7, everything would be clarified. ALSO READ: Rumor has it: The Apple iPhone 7 will be a massive upgrade over the iPhone 6s From what we have already come across, even though the new iPhones won’t come with radical design changes, there’s still a lot to look forward to. The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus could feature a full HD and QHD display, respectively, compared to the existing HD and full HD displays. The ‘Plus’ variant being a premium smartphone, is likely to feature 3GB of RAM and dual camera setup at the back. The iPhone 7 camera could come with optical image stabilization, which was previously exclusive to the larger iPhone 6 Plus and iPhone 6s Plus. Both smartphones are also expected to drop support for 3.5mm audio port, and come with improved water and dust resistance capabilities. The ugly antenna bands on the back are also expected to be moved along the top and bottom edges. Lastly, the home button on the front is expected to be capacitive touch one, with Force Touch feature. If all these changes are taken into account, the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will still bring massive upgrades over the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus. DoT resolves over 1,000 telecom-related complaints registered on ‘Twitter Sewa’ Indian-origin scientist design chip that wards off hardware viruses Apple iPhone 6 16 GB( 33990 )Buy Now User RatingBe first to review Key SpecsUser ReviewsApple MobilesCompare Published: August 24, 2016 8:22 PM IST | Updated: August 24, 2016 8:22 PM IST Mashable Tech OnePlus 3T review: Picking up where the Google Nexus left off Telegram's blogging platform Telegraph is super simple and anonymous Twitter CEO's account was suspended, and everyone made the same joke You can blame 'heavy' webpages for frustrating online shopping delays हिन्दी खबरें पेटीएम से अब व्यापारी स्वीकार कर सकते हैं क्रेडिट और डेबिट कार्ड से भुगतान सैमसंग गैलेक्सी जे3 (2017) बैंचमार्क साइट पर हुआ लिस्ट, जानें स्पेसिफिकेशन और फीचर्स रेलवे ने ऑनलाइन टिकट बुकिंग पर हटाया सेवा कर व्हाट्सएप ने लॉन्च किया वीडिया स्ट्रीमिंग फीचर, जानें कैसे करें उपयोग वनप्लस 3टी जल्द होगा भारत में लॉन्च, जानें कीमत, स्पेसिफिकेशन और फीचर्स Trending Google Search can now show how crowded your favorite café or restaurant is in real-time Meizu Pro 7 leaked photos show Galaxy S7 edge-like dual-curve display 1 million Xiaomi Redmi 3s, Redmi 3s Prime units sold on Flipkart in less than 4 months Modi keynote app removed from Google Play store, here’s why How to become WhatsApp beta tester on Android, iOS and Windows Phone Related Articles Jony Ive may no longer be involved with iPhone, Mac product design at Apple: Report This malicious video is causing iOS devices to freeze; but there’s a fix Apple reportedly shuts down AirPort router division Apple reportedly throttling iPhone 7 LTE performance on Verizon to match with AT&T This iPhone hack gives access to your contacts, photos and messages, even when locked News Idea Cellular to launch 4G services in 9 more circles Google Search can now show how crowded your favorite café or restaurant is in real-time Meizu Pro 7 leaked photos show Galaxy S7 edge-like dual-curve display HTC Desire 650 with 2GB of RAM, 13-megapixel camera launched: Price, specifications, features Finance Ministry waives off transaction fee on RuPay debit cards, railway e-ticketing till December 31 Newsletter Email address: Previous ArticlePreviousIndian-origin scientist design chip that wards off hardware viruses Next ArticleNextDoT resolves over 1,000 telecom-related complaints registered on ‘Twitter Sewa’ FOLLOW BGR Like BGR on Facebook Follow @BGR on Twitter BGR on Google Plus Follow BGR on LinkedIn Download BGR App from Play store BGR ON TWITTER BGR India @bgrindia 1h Online healthcare platforms see surge in visitors post demonetization bgr.in/news/online-he… BGR India @bgrindia 3h Idea Cellular to launch 4G services in 9 more circles bgr.in/news/idea-cell… BGR India @bgrindia 5h Google Search can now show how crowded your favorite café or restaurant is in real-time bgr.in/news/google-se… About Privacy Policy Contact Us Apple Android BlackBerry Business Exclusives Mobile Reviews Copyright 2016 BGR Media, LLC × Tip Us
Jump to navigation You are here Home Dodgy packaging suggests Apple will release iPhone 6 SE not iPhone 7 Submitted by Marshall Walker on August 24, 2016 - 12:00pm A new unconfirmed leak suggests Apple will not release the iPhone 7 in September, like originally expected. Several images posted to TechTastic (via 9to5Mac) allegedly reveal the product packaging for Apple's next-generation handset -- the iPhone 6 SE. If the packaging is authentic, then the next iPhone will be a successor to the iPhone SE released in March. While it seems unlikely that Apple would brand one of its devices something as clunky as the "iPhone 6 SE" it isn't out of the question. The rumored iPhone 7 is rumored to look visually similar to the iPhone 6s, and it is not expected to feature any major upgrades. Branding the next-generation iPhone as the "6SE" will make the new handset fit better with the current lineup, and it allow Apple to work on launching its major flagship device next year. This may be disappointing to Apple fans, but the reality is smartphone makers are running out of bells and whistles to add to newer models. 9to5Mac noted that naming the new iPhone the "6SE" makes "little sense from a product marketing perspective," because it will be easy to confuse the higher-end SE device with Apple's entry-level, 4-inch model. However, Apple has discontinued past models prematurely, such as the iPad 3 and iPhone 5c. Apple could discontinue its SE model and have its future lineup offer the iPhone 6 as its entry-level device. This would make the iPhone 6 SE the only available "SE" device in the current lineup. Apple could also decide to discontinue the older iPhone 6 model and make the new lineup the iPhone SE, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus and iPhone 6 SE. Although an iPhone 6 SE Plus does seem silly, and it is hard to imagine Apple plans to abounded its 4.7- and 5.5-inch models. This is just all fun speculation as we wait for the upcoming release of Apple's new iPhone. We must make it clear that the purported images are unconfirmed, easily faked and should obviously be taken with a grain of salt. It is unknown what that new iPhone will be called, but whatever its name we do know it is only right around the corner. tags:  News iPhone 6SE Rumors More Like This Apple Reportedly Teaming up with Shazam to Create Song-ID Feature for iOS iPhone 7 concept imagines Space Black, iOS 10 Dark Mode Report: Apple Watch 'S' update coming in 2016 Thinner iPhone 7 to feature no camera bump and stereo speakers More evidence points to Lightning EarPods with iPhone 7 Add new comment Main menu iphonefaq news faq guides tips search about contact Recent FAQs How do I set a song to repeat in the Music app on my iPhone? Does the iPhone 7 have a True Tone display? How do I add the TV widget to the Widgets screen on my iPhone? VIEW ALL FAQS
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Apple bought a lot of startups that we don't even know about Kif Leswing Aug. 24, 2016, 2:31 PM 8,989 facebook linkedin twitter email print Apple CEO Tim Cook.REUTERS/Mike Blake Apple is buying more companies than we thought. Eddy Cue, Apple's head of internet services, told Backchannel how Apple buys smaller companies primarily for their talent — at a relatively prolific rate. A large portion of Apple's talent in artificial intelligence comes from acquisitions. "We've recently been buying 20 to 30 companies a year that are relatively small, really hiring the manpower," says Cue. Apple has bought a lot of artificial-intelligence companies. Apple recently bought Turi, a Seattle-based machine-learning startup founded by a University of Washington professor, for a reported $200 million. But it's not the only one we know about. Other AI companies that Apple has bought recently include Emollient, Perceptio, and VocalIQ. More than every 4 weeks Apple CEO Tim Cook has been forthright about how acquisitive Apple is. "We have been buying companies on average every three to four weeks or so, and we continue to do that," he said during Apple's earnings call in July. "We've made 15 acquisitions in the last four quarters to accelerate our product and services roadmaps, and we're always on the lookout for companies with great technology, talent, and strategic fit," he said in April. But that's still a long way off from "20 to 30 companies a year." Apple doesn't buy companies for revenue, according to Cook. It's looking for talent and intellectual property, he told The Washington Post. And because it tends to buy small, technology-focused startups, the deals are usually small enough that it doesn't have to report the acquisitions to the US Securities and Exchange Commission. Often the acquisitions go unnoticed for months. Earlier this week, Fast Company reported that Apple had bought Gliimpse, a health-data company. The funny thing is, Gliimpse was bought in February, months before anyone outside of Cupertino knew about it. There could be a lot of other Gliimpses out there that Apple has already bought — especially startups working in hot fields like deep learning or health technology. SEE ALSO: Apple bought companies in the past year that nobody knows about NOW WATCH: Apple retail boss Angela Ahrendts told us how Apple Stores are changing Loading video... More: Apple M&A Turi Machine Learning Eddy Cue facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Apple bought a lot of startups that we don't even know about Apple bought a lot of startups that we don't even know about Apple is buying more companies... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Film TV Club Music Food Comedy Books Games Aux More New York’s Tekserve, a shrine to technology, goes the way of all flesh Most Read A.V. Club Most Read 1 (Photo: Time & Life Pictures/Getty Images) Posted Nov 23 Vivian Kubrick cancels her GoFundMe campaign for Shelley Duvall 2 Posted Nov 23 Eat me 3 Illustration: Nick Wanserski Posted Nov 23 More than Gilmore: 24 other TV shows to binge over Thanksgiving weekend 4 (Photo: The Late Show with Stephen Colbert/YouTube) Posted Nov 23 Stephen Colbert fucks with confused cooks on the Butterball turkey hotline Film TV Club Music Food Comedy Books Games Aux Newswire Reviews Video Great Job, Internet! Film TV Club Music Food Comedy Books Games Aux Newswire Features Reviews Videos Great Job, Internet! The Latest From Newswire Elton John on Radio 2 (Screenshot: YouTube) No, Elton John is not playing at Donald Trump’s inauguration (Photo: The Late Show with Stephen Colbert/YouTube) Stephen Colbert fucks with confused cooks on the Butterball turkey hotline The Latest From Features Photo: Pickathon Mount Moriah brings the intensity in the latest video from our Pickathon series Photo: IFC Prepare for Thanksgiving with some Survivors and some survivors The Latest From Reviews B+ Photo: IFC A dormant director finally returns with the intoxicatingly strange Evolution B Photo: Strand Releasing Mifune: The Last Samurai analyzes the universal appeal of a Japanese actor The Latest From Videos Chrissy And Hawley cover Erasure’s “A Little Respect”   Learn the Hotel Nacional Special, an extra smooth take on the pineapple daiquiri   The Latest From Great Job, Internet! Photo: Thomas Samson/Getty Here’s an incredibly easy way to call your representatives to complain about shit Photo: Santi Visalli/Getty Read this: A vacation in Slaughterhouse-Five All Recent Browse Our Features Coming Distractions Savage Love Facebook Twitter Tumblr TV Great Job, Internet! New York’s Tekserve, a shrine to technology, goes the way of all flesh By Joe Blevins@joe_a_blevins Aug 24, 2016 1:45 PM A Final Tour of NYC's "original Apple Store" (Screenshot: YouTube) A Final Tour of NYC's "original Apple Store" (Screenshot: YouTube) Share Tweet People generally don’t repair pieces of technology these days. They replace them. By the time some gadget has broken down or malfunctioned, there’s almost always something better that has come along in the meantime. And technology isn’t as buggy and temperamental as it used to be either. While that’s perhaps good news for the tech industry, it’s terrible news for the repair industry. One wonders if even Emmett’s Fix-It Shop from The Andy Griffith Show could survive in today’s cutthroat climate. The latest victim of this ruthless but necessary cultural shift is New York city’s legendary Tekserve, an independently owned computer repair shop that has been widely deemed “the original Apple store.” There weren’t official Apple stores, let alone Genius Bars, at malls across America when Tekserve opened its doors 29 years ago. There are now, though, so customers have started going elsewhere for their tech needs. Meanwhile, over the course of three decades, real estate values have skyrocketed, as has rent. It was time for Tekserve to power down permanently. But before the end, which culminated on August 23 with an auction, Tekserve co-founder Dick Demenus led Gizmodo on one last bittersweet tour of the place where Carrie Bradshaw once went for help. Truth is, Demenus seems at peace with the end of Tekserve. He acknowledges that the world has changed since the store started, which is not entirely a bad thing. Demenus began the business with a group of engineers who “fell in love with the Mac” and learned to repair Apple computers themselves. Tekserve evolved from there, and the store became a museum of sorts for all the various pieces of technology that Demenus had accumulated over the decades, including obsolete TV transmitters, phones, and especially radios. “I collect things that are nifty,” he says, modestly. He doesn’t have room for all that stuff in his home, hence the auction. The centerpiece of the store is what Demenus calls “our Macintosh museum,” a glass case housing years worth of world-changing Apple computers, including one signed by Steve Wozniak himself. According to WMUR, an anonymous bidder just bought the whole lot for $47,000. Think of how many in-game purchases that could make. [via Laughing Squid] Submit your Great Job, Internet tips here Share Tweet Filed Under: TV, Apple, Steve Jobs, Steve Wozniak, Gizmodo, Tekserve More Great Job, Internet! Previous Great Job, Internet! Read This: Here’s how you can successfully lobby for new emoji Next Great Job, Internet! Willie Nelson once played chess with Ray Charles in the dark WATCH VIDEO FROM THE A.V. CLUB Don't miss a story—follow The A.V. Club on: Can't see comments? Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. More Great Job, Internet! Here’s an incredibly easy way to call your representatives to complain about shit Nov 23, 2016 12:30 PM Read this: A vacation in Slaughterhouse-Five Nov 23, 2016 11:30 AM Never forget c’thurkey, the octopus-stuffed turkey from hell Nov 23, 2016 10:30 AM A clever creator has remade all of Super Mario 64 in 2-D Nov 23, 2016 9:00 AM A.V. Club Most Read 1 (Photo: Time & Life Pictures/Getty Images) Posted Nov 23 Vivian Kubrick cancels her GoFundMe campaign for Shelley Duvall 2 Posted Nov 23 Eat me 3 Illustration: Nick Wanserski Posted Nov 23 More than Gilmore: 24 other TV shows to binge over Thanksgiving weekend 4 (Photo: The Late Show with Stephen Colbert/YouTube) Posted Nov 23 Stephen Colbert fucks with confused cooks on the Butterball turkey hotline Sign up for news Daily Newsletter Highlights from The A.V. Club What's On Tonight A daily update on the world of TV Submit Links and such All Recent Browse Our Features Coming Distractions Savage Love Contests RSS About Us Contact Advertise Jobs Privacy Policy Our Partners Hitfix Mental Floss Oh My Rockness Uproxx Upworthy Vice © Copyright 2016 Onion Inc. All Rights Reserved.  
null
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US steps up fight against EU tax crackdown on Apple By Afp Published: 14:34 EST, 24 August 2016 | Updated: 14:35 EST, 24 August 2016 e-mail The US stepped up its fight against the European Commission's crackdown on tax avoidance by Apple and other multinational companies, accusing the commission of unilateralism and overstepping its mandate. In a white paper, the US Treasury said the EC probe into alleged special tax treatment that certain EU countries gave Apple, Amazon, Starbucks and Fiat Chrysler "undermines the international tax system." With potentially billions of dollars in tax levies at stake, the Treasury also reiterated its view that the investigations "disproportionately" target US companies and would prevent Washington from recovering taxes that it is eying from the companies' offshore earnings. A demonstration outside of an Apple Store on April 15, 2014 in San Francisco, California ©Justin Sullivan (Getty/AFP/File) "These investigations have major implications for the United States. In particular, recoveries imposed by the Commission would have an outsized impact on US companies," said Treasury Deputy Assistant Secretary for International Tax Affairs Robert Stack in a statement. "US taxpayers could wind up eventually footing the bill" if the commission forces the companies into tax settlements, he said. The US acknowledged the problems around the issue of multinational firms obtaining state aid, in the form of secret and extremely lucrative tax breaks, from Ireland, Belgium and Luxembourg for setting up business in those countries. But it said those deals were made under international treaties and accepted tax practices. The Treasury accused the EC in the white paper of taking a "new approach" to established European Union tax law in challenging EU member states' legal tax breaks offered to multinational firms. In addition, the Treasury said the European Commission is effectively changing the tax rules now, but planning to apply them retroactively to the companies, which the US said was inconsistent with EU law and international practice. "The Commission should not seek retroactive recoveries under its new approach," the white paper said. Moreover, the white paper said the commission was acting as "a supra-national tax authority" that oversteps its powers in EU challenging member state tax policies. In a statement, an EC spokesperson denied it was targeting US companies in particular and said that EU rules do not allow national tax authorities to give tax breaks to some companies that are not available to others. If such breaks are ruled illegal, the benefits from them have to be repaid. "This is a standard feature of EU state aid rules," the spokesperson said. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angry and upset Justin Bieber has a heated exchange with his security team a minute after he 'punched' a fan in the face Has Brian Friedman confirmed Cheryl's 'pregnancy'? X Factor choreographer claims star is 'having a baby' with Liam Payne That's awkward... My days as a lingerie model! Kelly Brook shows off stunning figure in throwback underwear snap taken 20 years ago  Still a knockout 'Any exercise is better than no exercise': MIC's Louise Thompson gets up close and personal with trainer boyfriend Ryan Libbey in bizarre workout video Catherine Zeta-Jones, 47, sizzles in VERY plunging swimsuit with husband Michael Douglas, 72, as the pair put problems behind them for Mexican break Stuck for Christmas shopping inspo? From a rose gold private plane to an Island in the South Pacific, 10 of the most amazing presents money can buy! SPONSORED Adam Thomas' fiancée Caroline Daly and his cute son Teddy arrive in Australia as friends and family of I'm A Celeb stars prepare for the show's first eviction  'He'll never say I look fat': Sophie Kasaei shows off her curves in racy lingerie for steamy shoot with Joel Corry... as she gushes about her supportive boyfriend 'It's difficult to talk about': Mariah Carey speaks about James Packer split while putting on a VERY busty display on Ellen Very contentious split Braless Marnie Simpson is seen out for the first time since EPIC meltdown... as she parties with Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei in very sexy mini dress Leggy blonde! Charlize Theron flaunts lean limbs in plaid mini dress as she slims down after gaining 35lbs for upcoming comedy Tully Back to her best EXCLUSIVE 'There's never a bad intention with her': MIC newcomer Julius Cowdrey says he never meant to come between Binky Felstead and her beau JP I'm A Celebrity's Scarlett Moffatt reveals she's paid off her parents' mortgage... as show bosses face accusations of 'fix' over her airtime 'I felt like a bully': Emmerdale's Gillian Kearney reveals even SHE was upset at her character's distressing scene with dementia-sufferer Ashley Cosy knitwear like Kendall or fab faux fur like Kate Moss: The snuggliest - and most stylish - ways to keep warm this winter! SPONSORED Look away, Chloe! Marty McKenna packs on the PDA with Geordie Shore newbie Elettra Lamborghini as they hit the town with his former flame Who's that girl? Cristiano Ronaldo's stunning new girlfriend is a 'Spanish Gucci employee'... and she's already been invited to watch him play 'I was abused when I was EIGHT': Rebecca Ferguson reveals she was attacked in a children's home leaving her feeling 'dirty and wrong' James Norton is back in his dog collar as he films scenes for Grantchester series three with co-star Robson Green in Cambridgeshire Nick and Joe Jonas' younger brother Frankie, 16, is cited for possession of marijuana in Nashville Stopped outside a store in Nashville Business before the brother-in-law? Rob Kardashian ignores Kanye West's 'psychotic break' and promote his new festive range of socks Brooklyn swoops in on pal Rocco Ritchie's girlfriend Kim Turnbull for a giggly lunch... as Madonna's son is arrested for possessing cannabis Looks like someone is getting grounded': Stony-faced Guy Ritchie steps out after son Rocco, 16, is arrested for possessing cannabis Won't be impressed 'I don't understand why it is not okay to be plus-size': Size 22 model Tess Holliday says she has no problem with the phrase as she discusses baby weight  Madonna's son Rocco Ritchie, 16, 'hangs around with teens from a council estate and tries to get served in pubs,' neighbours reveal after his cannabis arrest Lauren Goodger works her poses like a pro as she flaunts her 'bigger and better' bum in skin-tight leggings before heading to a work out Her cheekiest look yet 'I've finally admitted it': Susanna Reid declares her love for Piers Morgan... as she's reunited with Bill Turnbull in 'tense' encounter on GMB sofa  Justin Bieber 'PUNCHES fan in the face and leaves him bloodied' in new violent outburst... as it's claimed 'the minor is considering suing him' Suits you! Katie Piper looks chic in an elegant teal velvet trouser suit as she opens the Ideal Home Show It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas 'You are not an honest man': Judge slams Marco Pierre-White Jr after he admits going on a £2,500 spree with his ex's card after she leant it to him to buy food Chloe Ferry copies her idol Kylie Jenner as she flashes double nipple piercings on night out... as her ex co-star Chantelle Connelly labels her a '2 faced ****' Made In Chelsea's Olivia Bentley poses NAKED in the bath... before showing off her toned bikini body in a sizzling throwback snap  Making waves Cristiano Ronaldo puts on a smitten display with stunning new girlfriend Georgina Rodriguez as he goes incognito at Disneyland Paris in a bizarre wig Adele announces two huge gigs at Wembley Stadium in 2017 as a finale to her epic world tour... after announcing plans to have another baby during break All the fun of the fair! Tamara Ecclestone takes adorable daughter Sophia for a very merry day out at Winter Wonderland Festive fun 'They are loving it!' Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield bake up a storm inside This Morning's EDIBLE gingerbread kitchen as viewers go wild 'I feel like a new man': I'm A Celebrity star Martin Roberts reveals how £6k hair transplant transformed his life   Proud of his new crowning glory Former Apprentice star Nick Hewer claims show is manipulated by producers who deliberately pick sexy contestants and those with ridiculous CVs He's got a type! Underworld director Len Wiseman steps out with beautiful brunette... who is estranged wife Kate Beckinsale's doppelgänger It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas in November: Festivities come early for Sharon Osbourne and Holly Willoughby as they decorate 5 WEEKS early Madonna's son Rocco Ritchie, 16, is arrested for possessing cannabis after wealthy Primrose Hill 'neighbours complained about him smoking drugs'  'She is being amazing': Kim Kardashian 'very supportive' of husband Kanye West while in hospital... as it's claimed Paris robbery a factor in his 'mental breakdown' Uh-oh! Brooklyn Beckham, 17, can't hide his dismay as he finds a parking ticket slapped on his flashy Mercedes He'll have no problem paying Davinia Taylor auctions contents of her lavish Grade II listed Tudor home - and the incredible private collection includes works by Banksy 'I've grown up in my own skin': Rita Ora flashes her bra and toned tum in leather and faux fur as she reveals the inspiration behind her new album 'I'm not going to sit back': Leah Remini talks fighting Scientology 'bullies' with new docu-series and claims she's been followed since leaving Church Busty Rhian Sugden sheds all inhibitions as she shows off her eye-popping assets by going totally TOPLESS in sizzling video Daring to bare Cha-cha-charming! Busty Amber Rose shows off her famous curves as she returns to Dancing With The Stars with Maksim Chmerkovskiy 'How not to cut butternut squash': Viewers in shock after GBBO's Andrew Smyth almost cuts off his FINGERS while chopping vegetables on Lorraine Michelle Collins has a less than glamorous end to her evening as she has a run-in with homeless man on her way home from London event Throwing the towel-ling: Leggy Sam Faiers wears a dressing gown as a coat on a night out... after falling out with her family over LA move Not her usual gown Holy smokes! Joaquin Phoenix puffs on a cigarette as he relaxes on set with Rooney Mara during a break from playing Jesus Christ in Mary Magdalene Rosamund Pike looks pretty in a shimmering pink jumper as she discusses new film A United Kingdom on Lorraine Moving new role Olympia Valance showcases her stunning curves in sexy lace lingerie and sheer suspender and stockings in VERY revealing photo shoot Kylie Minogue and her matching fiancé Joshua Sasse give empowering message about same-sex marriage as they take to the stage at Aussie music awards Hello, is it tum-me you're looking for! Sofia Richie flashes her abs in stylish crop top as she steps out for dinner with close friend Nicole Peltz Out and about 'They got the perfect angle': John Legend blames red carpet PHOTOGRAPHERS for Chrissy Teigen's major wardrobe malfunction despite her racy dress 'Hey baby, do those legs go all the way up?' Chrissy Teigen laughs off her epic AMAs wardrobe malfunction with hilarious Family Guy meme Ellen DeGeneres comforted by Robert De Niro as she cries after receiving Presidential Medal Of Freedom at star-studded White House ceremony Phil Collins' ex buys the house next door to her for $4m MORE than asking price because she was worried it would be torn down and replaced by a mansion Newly engaged Pixie Lott shows off her incredible figure in extreme plunging green swimsuit and oversized vintage frames in Jamaica   Breast display ever! The Veronicas put on a busty display as they sing TOPLESS and covered in glitter at 2016 ARIA Awards One way to shine The Veronica's Lisa Origliasso reveals INTIMATE details about her sister's relationship with Ruby Rose...while hosting the 2016 ARIA Awards 'We can't get complacent!' Troye Sivan vows to keep fighting for same-sex marriage at ARIAs... as he dedicates his award to 'every LGBTQ kid'  'You just train like an absolute psycho for 20 minutes': Body Coach Joe Wicks reveals how you CAN eat what you want and get the body of your dreams Claudia Schiffer reaches out of court settlement with millionaire neighbour who sued her for cutting down two of his trees in Majorca  Is this to get rid of Ed? Strictly bosses add tricky extra dance to Saturday's show 'in plot to get comedy act Balls booted out' Has fans behind him Horrified Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman are covered in critters in I'm A Celeb task... as poisonous snake attacks camp while they sleep I'm a Celebrity... I've got this! Vicky Pattison poses with baby crocodile at an animal sanctuary... before gushing over beau John Noble in sweet snap 'What are we doing here?' Charlize Theron gets emotional in first trailer for her ex boyfriend Sean Penn's dramatic new film The Last Face  Charli XCX rated! British pop star flashes her bottom in ridiculously short white skirt as stars dare to bare on red carpet at Aussie music awards Is he single? Orlando Bloom is seen with a female friend in Malibu amid rumours he has split from girlfriend of 10 months Katy Perry In good spirits Eugenie and her very happy ring: Princess dons emoji jewellery - but still no engagement band - as she steps out with boyfriend Jack Brooksbank She's a beautiful creature! Lady Amelia Windsor shows off her wild side at the Animal Ball in a lime green feathered mask Looked royally good 'Sorry about the weird end to the show!': Ant and Dec experience awkward technical issue during live I'm A Celebrity broadcast  Cringeworthy moment James Jordan arrives Down Under to support Ola on I'm A Celebrity... as he admits he wants jungle life to get 'hardcore' for his wife Living luxury close by Shirtless Jordan Banjo displays his athletic physique and rippling abs in I'm A Celeb jungle shower... after mum speaks out on his 7st weight loss 'Is Martin okay?' Viewers voice their concern for property expert Roberts as he hilariously 'comes out' as a tree hugger on I'm A Celeb Kylie Jenner, 19, and beau Tyga, 27, smooch on camera as teen reality star throws a Friendsgiving dinner for pals Amid Kanye drama 'I had to do that as a mum!' The Duchess of Cambridge puts a comforting arm around mother as son, 13, told Kate of his struggle with autism at charity event Robbie Williams puts on a cheeky display at 2016 ARIA Awards... after admitting that despite being sober for 17 years the event might 'break him' Feeling nippy? Actress Sophie Monk suffers an unfortunate nip-slip in semi-sheer bejewelled silver frock at 2016 ARIA Awards red carpet Sheer faux pas Hitched! Corey Feldman marries girlfriend Courtney Anne in Vegas ceremony... two weeks after popping the question due to deportation fears How low can you go? Sarah Jessica Parker dares to bare in flouncy off-the-shoulder frock for Jimmy Fallon appearance Would Carrie approve? What Kanye crisis? Khloe Kardashian reunites with NBA beau Tristan Thompson in Cleveland to hand out turkey dinners Life carrying on 'Rob and his daughter make me want to cry': Kylie Jenner gushes over snaps of Dream whose mother is her boyfriend's ex One big happy family Bye-bye NY! Kourtney, Khloe and Kris rush back to LA to be with Kim and Kanye as rapper is hospitalized following 'psychiatric emergency' Kardashian clan rush back to L.A. for Kanye's 'psychiatric emergency': Doctors 'feared he'd attack cops who came to hospitalize rapper in cuffs'  Peep show! Mariah Carey flashes her cleavage in Instagram promo for Ellen DeGeneres spot Mock-flashed the camera on the show Elizabeth Hurley, 51, wows in plunging silk gown with eagle-inspired fascinator for Animal Ball... yet BFF Patrick Cox is a feathered fail in face-obscuring hat Zoo's that girl? Olivia Grant, Liz Hurley, Lily Cole and Anna Friel get wild in elaborate headgear as The Animal Ball descends on 40 venues across London Cheap thrills! Multi-millionaire Gwen Stefani shops at affordable retail chain Target with her sons One of the biggest rock stars on the planet FBI closes child abuse investigation of Brad Pitt following review of private jet incident with son Maddox and 'will not pursue further' Cleared Dolly Parton looks colourful in tight holiday inspired outfit for premiere of Christmas Of Many Colours in Tennessee Bright young thing Retail therapy! Kylie Jenner shares lingerie snap as she shops for luxury cars while Kanye West remains hospitalized Stunning Baby, it's cold outside! Jessica Biel takes one-year-old son Silas shopping for winter coats in chilly New York Made sure to be prepared for winter She's got a flare for fashion! Lady Gaga resurrects the '70s in bell bottoms and platforms while out and about in New York Retro vibe Oh deer: Danish royals Princess Mary and Prince Frederik bring their five-year-old twins to inspect slain deer at annual hunting parade  Part of their tradition Tears of terror: I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek and Jordan Banjo are overcome with emotion as stars are locked into boxes full of snakes, rats and bugs Crop at the shops! Emily Ratajkowski shows off flat stomach in skimpy top as she goes on spree in Beverly Hills More clothes than usual 'Things are really heating up': Louis Smith has been secretly 'dating Lucy Mecklenburgh lookalike and Strictly tour dancer Florence Edge' Learning from the best! Miley's little sister Noah Cyrus unveils her first music video for Make Me (Cry) Her dad did have an achy breaky heart Chantelle Connelly flaunts her enviably toned body in a sexy bandeau bikini as she enjoys a day of pampering... following fiery Geordie Shore exit Real Housewives of New York star Bethenny Frankel says she's the victim of fraud and malpractice in suit over botched trust with ex Jason Hoppy  'Actually I prefer Batman': Spider-Man Tom Holland laughs off criticism from a young fan as he joins Zendaya to visit children's hospital The big cover up! Jennifer Aniston touches down in LA under a large floppy hat and coat...after talking sex toys on UK television American rapper Mos Def FINALLY allowed to leave South Africa after being detained TEN MONTHS ago for using 'World Passport' Broke immigration laws 'He's not flirty': Adam Thomas' fiancée Caroline Daly defends I'm A Celeb star against claims he's getting close to model Lisa Snowdon in the jungle Double nipple rings! Kylie Jenner slyly exposes her new piercings in sheer lace bra as she copies sister Kendall Racy shoot Free Mason! Scott Disick lets his boy off the leash as they go for casual meal together in Beverly Hills A son always sees his father of as a role model Engaged! Rapper Gucci Mane pops the question to girlfriend of six years Keyshia Ka'oir with a 25 CARAT diamond ring on NBA kiss cam 'He's an angel baby': Pregnant Ciara weeps at bedside of terminally ill toddler during hospital visit with NFL star husband Russell Wilson Overcome with emotion Carrie Fisher bundles up for the cold as she arrives at book signing... after revealing she was sent to FAT FARM to play Princess Leia in 1977's Star Wars That's one way to show support! Kourtney Kardashian arrives back in LA wearing Yeezus harem pants as Kanye West remains hospitalised Scarlet siren Myleene Klass stuns in floor-length gown as she goes hand-in-hand with boyfriend Simon Motson at star-studded Save the Children Winter Gala The seldom-seen Delevingne! Poppy rocks neon lace while spotlight-shunning sister Chloe wows in sexy plunging gown at Save the Children gala Braiding love! Leona Lewis goes make-up free with sleek dual plaits as she indulges in retail therapy in Beverly Hills She's a natural beauty Jodie Kidd shows off her slim figure in a cream laser-cut skater dress as she celebrates Fundraiser Of The Year accolade at Just Giving Awards EXCLUSIVE: Leonardo DiCaprio's model ex Kendal Lee Schuler  is pregnant with first child... after unveiling baby bump during sunbathing session Jeremy McConnell makes rare public appearance at Allied screening... days after vowing to NEVER get back with pregnant ex Stephanie Davis Kanye West gives strange interview with Surface magazine ahead of being hospitalized for exhaustion and cancelling concert dates Where are North and Saint? Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's children 'under care of nannies' amid rapper's mental health emergency 'I want to be back here!' Ireland Baldwin shares racy swimsuit snap as she waxes nostalgic over Hawaiian photoshoot Sunny climes  It's a boy! Peter Andre and his wife Emily MacDonagh are 'extremely happy' after welcoming a healthy son into their growing family Good news Anna Friel is regal in an extravagant bird headpiece and ivory gown as she joins Ellie Goulding and Princess Eugenie at The Animal Ball 2016 Pregnant Marion Cotillard masks her burgeoning baby bump in plunging black gown as she joins Allied co-star Brad Pitt at Madrid premiere SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: I say, there's a Bentley in the bath! Made in Chelsea's Olivia shares a naked picture of herself Racy Make-up free Alessandra Ambrosio works up a healthy sweat as she shows off her toned tummy in a sports bra after a workout in Los Angeles November 30 Rita Ora rocks a leather jacket and ripped jeans as she makes a low-key landing into Heathrow fresh from the set of her new movie Geordie Shore's Marty McKenna 'hurls a BOTTLE at crowd of rowdy revellers' as he's jeered off stage during appearance at Newcastle nightclub Ellie the elephant! Goulding sports a lavish pom pom embellished headdress and plunging gold gown at star-studded Animal Ball 2016 in London 'I think he's exhausted': Kris Jenner talks of 'tired' Kanye West... as it's revealed rapper 'hadn't been himself for a while' before hospitalization Separate addresses? Kim Kardashian 'moved into mother Kris Jenner's Hidden Hills mansion when Kanye began his Pablo tour' What's going on? Jo Wood and burly builder ex Paul Scarborough continue to fuel rumours of romantic reunion as they get cosy while attending bash together The real stars of The Crown: No, not the actors but the 20,000 costumes designed with obsessive attention to historic detail - and cost be damned Petra Nemcova cuts a flirty figure as in a perilously plunging top and feathered skirt as she party hops in London Model behaviour Charlotte McKinney shows off her ample cleavage in high waisted jeans and skintight top as she catches a flight out of LAX Simple style So good she bought it twice! Duchess of Cambridge dazzles in £995 cocktail dress at children's charity (SAME one she wore in red on in Canada)  Are they or aren't they? Bachelor vet Ben Higgins talks wedding plans with Lauren Bushnell AFTER announcing their engagement is off Anaïs Gallagher shows off her rock chick credentials in bold neon pink shirt with studded biker jacket at Design Museum bash  Edgy style Lily Cole makes extremely rare red carpet appearance with partner Kwame Ferreira in support of The Animal Ball 2016 Date night 'My big crush was Alyssa Milano': Justin Timberlake reveals he had a poster of the Who's the Boss star on his wall as a kid during new interview  Harry's girl Meghan Markle says she wants to smash glass ceilings rather than having 'glass slippers' - even though she is dating a prince Jenni Falconer shows off her sensational curves in bold fuchsia gown as she wows at star-studded hair extensions bash Think pink 'I feel like it was our version of The Notebook': Jennifer Lawrence reveals she and BFF Emma Stone texted every day for a year Foxy Lady! Vogue Williams shows off her peachy posterior in a tiny black bikini... after 'going public with thespian beau Lawrence Fox' Back to work! Original Heathers star Shannen Doherty shares first photo on the set of the TV reboot as she continues to battle cancer Donna Air is dazzling in a pleated gold lamé gown as she joins beau James Middleton at The Animal Ball... after admitting she wants more children 'Nothing compares to you': Sofia Vergara celebrates first anniversary to Joe Manganiello with photos from their lavish wedding Is Adele's Australian tour in jeopardy? As tickets are refunded and the singer announces she is 'going to have another baby' fans begin to worry Suits you! Olga Kurylenko opts for flirty and feminine lace dress while Eva Herzigova nails masculine chic as they attend star-studded museum bash Jade Fur-wall! Little Mix singer steals the limelight from bandmates in tiny gold dress and luxurious red coat as she arrives for radio interview in Paris Hot to trot! Make-up free Kaley Cuoco leaves yoga class wearing a towel as a skirt and Uggs ahead of first Thanksgiving with equestrian beau The way we were! Shia LaBeouf swings by Jimmy Kimmel Live! where he is gifted commemorative plates depicting all his past appearances Carrie Fisher reveals she was sent to a FAT FARM before appearing in 1977's Star Wars because 'they didn't want all of me, just part of me' 'It's my embarrassment, not his!' Martine McCutcheon insists she DID vomit in Mick Hucknall's hair during disasterous date 'No one was a fan of the theme song': Jennifer Aniston reveals Friends cast disliked I'll Be There for You... as she admits dancing in fountain felt 'odd' Kourtney and Khloe Kardashian stop by Tommy Hilfiger's NYC offices day after their brother-in-law Kanye West is hospitalized Business as usual 'My dad was way more strict than my mom': Kendall Jenner shares flashback photo when Caitlyn was Bruce while revealing parenting styles 'Fading fast': Lightning McQueen crashes and flips in new teaser for Pixar's big budget upcoming animated sequel Cars 3 Coming soon Louise Redknapp jokes she's feeling the pressure to have a baby after dancing with Strictly's 'fertility king' Kevin Clifton    Takes two to tango Namaste! Jennifer Garner looks refreshed while leaving a yoga class in LA after more claims she is back with Ben Affleck Happy and healthy 'I used to resent them but now I feel extremely empowered': Anastacia reveals her mastectomy scars for the first time as she poses naked for stunning new shoot A natural! Rihanna has fun as she gets behind a long lens camera on the New York set of all-female Ocean's Eight film  Picking up tips Lostprophets singer Ian Watkins 'tweets from prison' where he is serving 35 years for hideous sex offences including trying to rape an 11-month-old baby Harry gets his hands dirty! Prince shows off his green fingers as he plants trees on Barbuda during third day of his Caribbean tour  Going green Two wheeling! Bella Thorne puts on a leggy display in skin-tight leather shorts and black tights as she goes for a spin on her bicycle Going for a spin A year to forget! Married Isla Fisher and Sacha Baron Cohen crash onto Forbes' biggest Hollywood flops 2016 list One to forget? All shook up! Channing Tatum dons Elvis Presley disguise for hilarious prank during elevator ride...all for charitable cause The King is back PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Natalie Dormer looks worlds away from Game Of Thrones as she joins Mel Gibson for The Professor And The Madman filming Goodbye, classroom. Hello, Loose Women! GBBO winner Candice reveals she feels 'horrendous' about ditching teaching for baking career 'I make love to pressure!' Jamie Foxx TWICE catches an American football flying 100 MPH as he trains for upcoming film All-Star Weekend Alexa Chung chats away on her mobile phone as she steps out in a stylish shearling jacket for solo stroll through the streets of New York Superheroes unite! Chris Hemsworth catches up with lookalike Avengers co-star Robert Downey Jr to discuss upcoming film and 'health tips' HBO releases long-awaited 41-second trailer for the sixth and final season of Lena Dunham's hit sitcom Girls 10-episode swan song Jesy Nelson looks in great spirits as she struts to Little Mix's interview in racy thigh-high boots... amid claims she 'split from fiancé Jake Roche weeks ago' Will Brad and Angelina reunite for Thanksgiving? Actress 'asks estranged husband for truce as children beg them to be nice to each other' Stylish in Stella! Kesha arrives at LAX in McCartney cat clothes after Billboard Women In Music Trailblazer award announcement Feline fine  Kanye's 'psychiatric emergency': West's doctor 'feared he'd hurt cops who hospitalized him' in psychotic episode that forced Kim to cancel comeback 'I was concerned by what I saw': John Legend speaks about his worries for close friend Kanye West Rapper was hospitalised on Monday 'I'm married and I have a propensity to shag strangers': Former party boy Robbie Williams reveals why he now chooses to stay home over a night out Rape survivor Gabrielle Union says she wanted to play an assault victim in her latest movie because it's her 'reality'  Speaking out  No pain, no gain: Real Housewives star Bethenny Frankel, 46, shows off the red welts on her back after a cupping session in NYC Pampering Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to search. New user? Register Sign in Help Make Yahoo7 My Homepage Mail My Yahoo7 Yahoo7 Yahoo Finance Search Search web HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING Market Stats Currencies Online Trading Education MY PORTFOLIOS Sign in to access your portfolios PERSONAL FINANCE Money Manager Videos Experts Tips & Tools Real Estate Investing Fame & Fortune Forums Photos VIDEO Expert Opinion Australian Dollar Top Stories Stock Market Columnists Currencies Companies Video Search for share prices Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... Finance Search Thu, Nov 24, 2016, 5:41 AM AEDT - Australia Markets open in 4 hrs 19 mins US steps up fight against EU tax crackdown on AppleAFP – Wed, Aug 24, 2016 6:30 PM AEST Recommend 0 Tweet 0 Share0 Print Related Content View Photo A demonstration outside of an Apple Store on April 15, 2014 in San Francisco, California The US stepped up its fight against the European Commission's crackdown on tax avoidance by Apple and other multinational companies, accusing the commission of unilateralism and overstepping its mandate. In a white paper, the US Treasury said the EC probe into alleged special tax treatment that certain EU countries gave Apple, Amazon, Starbucks and Fiat Chrysler "undermines the international tax system." With potentially billions of dollars in tax levies at stake, the Treasury also reiterated its view that the investigations "disproportionately" target US companies and would prevent Washington from recovering taxes that it is eying from the companies' offshore earnings. "These investigations have major implications for the United States. In particular, recoveries imposed by the Commission would have an outsized impact on US companies," said Treasury Deputy Assistant Secretary for International Tax Affairs Robert Stack in a statement. "US taxpayers could wind up eventually footing the bill" if the commission forces the companies into tax settlements, he said. The US acknowledged the problems around the issue of multinational firms obtaining state aid, in the form of secret and extremely lucrative tax breaks, from Ireland, Belgium and Luxembourg for setting up business in those countries. But it said those deals were made under international treaties and accepted tax practices. The Treasury accused the EC in the white paper of taking a "new approach" to established European Union tax law in challenging EU member states' legal tax breaks offered to multinational firms. In addition, the Treasury said the European Commission is effectively changing the tax rules now, but planning to apply them retroactively to the companies, which the US said was inconsistent with EU law and international practice. "The Commission should not seek retroactive recoveries under its new approach," the white paper said. Moreover, the white paper said the commission was acting as "a supra-national tax authority" that oversteps its powers in EU challenging member state tax policies. In a statement, an EC spokesperson denied it was targeting US companies in particular and said that EU rules do not allow national tax authorities to give tax breaks to some companies that are not available to others. If such breaks are ruled illegal, the benefits from them have to be repaid. "This is a standard feature of EU state aid rules," the spokesperson said. @y7finance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook Top Stories » Brexit to spark UK slowdown, blow hole in public purseAFP Brexit will spark an economic slowdown and ravage public finances, forcing a multi-billion-pound spike in state … Lufthansa scraps 900 flights Thursday as pilots extend strikeAFP Webjet signs with Chinese travel partnerAAP Dr Pepper Snapple Group buys Bai BrandsAAP Sponsored  Market Data Currencies Currencies Name Price Change % Chg AUD / USD 0.7398 -0.0003 -0.04% AUD/USD AUD / GBP 0.5934 -0.0022 -0.37% AUD/GBP AUD / EUR 0.7003 +0.0038 +0.55% AUD/EUR Go To Currency Converter » On This Site HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE VIDEO Expert Opinion ALSO ON YAHOO7 Mail Stocks & Shares Forum Meet Single Women Meet Single Men TV Guide Easy Recipe Ideas Go Travelling Tips To Great Sex Breaking News Find Your Dream Car Weather Forecast Find A Job All Yahoo7 Services » Trending Now Pope Francis Personal loan Aussie dollar Australia energy Kanye West Interflora Donald Trump Pet insurance Aussie weather Interest rate Australia Help / Suggestions Privacy Terms Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges. Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page. Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ. Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI). International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc. Yahoo7 News Network
null
null
Thanks for checking out our new design, please let us know if you have feedback SFist is a website about San Francisco View Pretty | Blog Arts & Entertainment Food News Popular Advertising Contact Newsletter RSS Feed Staff Our Cities Chicago London Los Angeles New York City San Francisco Shanghai Toronto Washington DC Many iPhone 6 Owners Complaining Of 'Touch Disease' Rendering Touchscreens Unusable by Jay Barmann in News on Aug 24, 2016 10:00 am The problem typically manifests along with a flickering gray bar across the top of the screen. Still via YouTube/iFixit A flaw in the interior workings of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus is creating an epidemic of "Touch Disease" in which the phones stop responding to any touch pressure at all, rendering them basically useless. As Consumerist reports, the problem appears to be growing as these models age, and Apple Genius Bar employees apparently acknowledge it but say there's no fix  i.e. it must be time for a new iPhone model to be released. The problem sounds maddening, and replacing the touchscreen won't help. The trouble stems from two chips within the phone that process touch commands, and how their soldered connections to the main board in the phone can crack and wear out over time  or from phones bending (remember Bendgate?), or being repeatedly dropped. The problem seems to be more prevalent with the larger, more bend-prone 6 Plus model, as iFixit explains, and two years on since these phones came out, they're showing up in non-Apple repair shops by the hundreds because their warranties have expired. Apparently, though Apple won't repair the phones, "skilled, third-party microsoldering specialists (most 'unauthorized' to do Apple repairs, according to official company policy) can fix phones with symptoms of Touch Disease. And they can do it a whole lot cheaper than the cost of a new logic board or an out-of-warranty phone replacement," according to iFixit. Touch Disease manifests itself along with a static-y gray bar that appears across the top of the phone's screen, and NY-based phone repair expert Jessa Jones explains in the video below that she began seeing the problem just a few months after the iPhone 6 Plus came out. "A picture began to develop over time," she says, as more and more iPhone 6 and 6 Plus owners started reporting the Touch Disease problem, and more repair shop owners began sharing information about what they were finding. Not to get too technical, but apparently earlier iPhone models were a bit different, with a metal shield that protected their logic boards, and the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus have just a "sticker shield" over the boards, leaving them more vulnerable to wear and tear. So, thus, the not-very-far-fetched conspiracy theory of planned obsolescence with Apple products holds true once more. Why is your iPhone acting up all of a sudden? Because it's two years old, silly! Time for a new phone, and what do you know! There's a new model headed to stores next month. Previously: iPhone 6 Pluses Are Bending In People's Pockets Contact the author of this article or email tips@sfist.com with further questions, comments or tips. apple iphone iphone 6 iphone 7 tech sector Other Interesting Stories Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.   © 2003-2016 Gothamist LLC. All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy.
null
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Apple Tech Artificial Intelligence Apple wants you to know it already does great AI — but it’s ‘subtle' New, 69 comments by James Vincent@jjvincent Aug 24, 2016, 2:09pm EDT share tweet Linkedin Vlad Savov Apple wants you to know it’s been working on AI for years now — you just didn’t know it. In a new feature by Stephen Levy in Backchannel, some of the company’s top execs and machine learning experts hammer home this message, pointing out all the ways in which AI is used in Apple’s products today. But, they also point out that artificial intelligence isn’t the "final frontier" for tech products "despite what other companies say." Apple has cause to push this message. The perception of the iPhone-maker in the wider AI community is that it’s been behind the game, despite having launched Siri, its virtual assistant, back in 2011. From Amazon’s Alexa to Facebook’s chatbots, from Microsoft’s conversational computing to Google’s Allo app, the big story of tech in the last year has been the mainstream accessibility of artificial intelligence. How can machine learning make products faster, smarter, and easier to use? Everyone seems to be at it, but Apple isn’t often involved in the narrative. This isn’t completely unfounded. Apple doesn't have a dedicated AI division, it doesn't publish research, and its emphasis on user privacy means it has less data to train its machine learning systems (although it’s working around this). Siri has gotten much better, yes, but in its early years it was often seen — albeit in affectionate fashion by loyal Apple users — as a fairly erratic virtual assistant. This perception persists. But that doesn’t mean Apple isn’t working on it, and this is the message the company pushes in the Backchannel piece. Levy notes that back in 2014, Apple moved Siri's voice recognition onto a system based on neural networks (the building blocks of many AI techniques), but that the iPhone-maker didn't publicize it as it didn't want to signal its intentions to competitors. Since then, writes Levy, Apple has been slowly layering AI and deep learning into more and more of its products. Here's Levy writing on Apple’s hidden, ubiquitous, AI work: If you’re an iPhone user, you’ve come across Apple’s AI, and not just in Siri’s improved acumen in figuring out what you ask of her. You see it when the phone identifies a caller who isn’t in your contact list (but did email you recently). Or when you swipe on your screen to get a shortlist of the apps that you are most likely to open next. Or when you get a reminder of an appointment that you never got around to putting into your calendar. Or when a map location pops up for the hotel you’ve reserved, before you type it in. Or when the phone points you to where you parked your car, even though you never asked it to. These are all techniques either made possible or greatly enhanced by Apple’s adoption of deep learning and neural nets. In short, Apple's argument is that you’ve been using AI on your iPhone — you just might not know it. These serendipitous little moments aren’t just serendipity, but the result of machine learning and "neural nets." (Although, in my experience, these moments don’t tend to happen that often. Perhaps that's just because my lifestyle doesn't include enough international flights and restaurant bookings.) Apple also says it’s not just services that are benefiting from AI, and Levy notes that even the palm rejection feature on the Apple Pencil was trained using a machine learning model. That’s right, it’s an AI pencil. But at the same time as it says it’s really great at AI, Apple also makes the point that it’s not the be all and end all. The view in Cupertino, writes Levy, is that machine learning is only "the latest in a steady flow of groundbreaking technologies." As Apple exec Eddy Cue says: "It’s not like there weren’t other technologies over the years that have been instrumental in changing the way we interact with devices." The company tells Levy that it doesn't have a single, centralized department for machine learning; it won't say how many people at Apple are working on ML (beyond "a lot"); and although the company's argument that its scientists don't publish their work because they're more focused on making useable products makes sense, it would hold more weight if there were more obvious products. It’s not entirely surprising that Apple would take this somewhat contradictory we’re-the-best-but-we-don’t-care approach here. Its rivals are getting a lot of attention in this area, but Apple is known for its strict adherence to secrecy (and also, user privacy). Of course, if the company really wants to convince the world that it’s doing the best machine learning and AI work out there, the way to do it is to show it. Source: Backchannel More From The Verge Snap Spectacles review: Fun that's totally worth the trouble Cults, chaos, and community: how The Tension Experience rewrote the rules of storytelling Netflix feels like Blockbuster these days The Verge 2016 Holiday Gift Guide Supported By Did Trump just change his mind on climate change? Who knows The best Black Friday TV deals from Walmart, Best Buy, Amazon, and more Now Trending The best Black Friday TV deals from Walmart, Best Buy, Amazon, and more This 5-second video will crash your iPhone Tesla powers a whole island with solar to show off its energy chops This Article has a component height of 11. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Microsoft Gaming Tech Microsoft brings Solitaire to iOS and Android by Tom Warren@tomwarren Microsoft is bringing its popular version of Solitaire to iOS and Android today. While the game as existed on Windows for more than 25 years, the modern Solitaire Collection will now be available outside of Windows for the first time. Microsoft is... New, 0 comments Apps Photography Mobile You can now turn Prisma snaps into expensive art prints by Vlad Savov Printing Prisma photos on canvas is a service that the zany printers at CanvasPop have decided to offer. New, 0 comments Google Apps Tech Google perpetuates cycle of confusion, renames Google Cast back to Chromecast by Chaim Gartenberg@cgartenberg Google appears to be removing the Google Cast name and switching it back to the original Chromecast moniker. As noted by Android Police, Google has already renamed the @GoogleCast Twitter account back to @Chromecast, and the Google Cast website... New, 7 comments Policy & Law US & World Tech The Feds are pushing smartphone makers to block certain apps while driving by Andrew J . Hawkins@andyjayhawk Apple, Samsung, and other smartphone manufacturers are being asked by federal auto safety regulators to consider adding a “driver mode” to block certain apps and functions to prevent distracted driving. In a guidance released Wednesday — and first... New, 9 comments Circuit Breaker You can now buy your horse the connected sweater vest Bojack never had by Natt Garun@nattgarun There are Fitbit-like gadgets for both you and your dog, so why not Fitbits for other animals, like... your horse? Yeah, that’s a thing. The Equisense Care is a bodysuit for horses that monitors their heart and respiratory rates, as well as... New, 0 comments Gaming Games Review Culture Dishonored 2 is a serious game that doesn’t beg to be taken seriously by Adi Robertson@thedextriarchy It’s not hard to talk about some of 2016’s biggest video games, even ones that are primarily shooting galleries, in terms that sound mature and universal. Watch Dogs 2 is a satire on Silicon Valley. Mafia 3 is an examination of racism. Deus Ex:... Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Channels  Music  Style  Pop Culture  Sports  Sneakers  Life  Videos  Shop; Our Sites  First We Feast  Pigeons & Planes  Collider  Sole Collector  Green Label  Ride Channel; Music Music Did Frank Ocean Release 'Endless' To Get Out Of His Def Jam Deal? Share Tweet Did Frank Ocean Release 'Endless' To Get Out Of His Def Jam Deal? By Jessica Meiselman Jessica Meiselman is a freelance attorney and pho enthusiast based in Brooklyn. Aug 24, 2016 Share Tweet 0 Image via Getty This weekend, after years of speculation from an increasingly rabid fanbase, Frank Ocean released an album. It wasn’t, however, an album in any traditional sense of the word. The project, entitled Endless, is a video available exclusively to stream on Apple Music. Less than a day after its release, a 17-track album entitled Blonde popped up on Apple Music for stream and sale, apparently released on Frank’s own label, Boys Don’t Cry, rather than his longtime label Def Jam. Skip to four days later — Endless is still not available as a track by track release on Apple Music and Frank’s website, not Def Jam’s, features Blonde. Related Frank Ocean's Def Jam Contract Reportedly Fulfilled With 'Endless,' Making 'Blonde' an Independent Release All of the Amazingly Random Places Where Frank Ocean Recorded ‘Endless' According to a report from Forbes, Blonde’s release is not affiliated with the artist’s former record label Def Jam or its parent, Universal Music Group (UMG). Speculation followed: Did Frank Ocean release Endless solely to fulfill his contractual obligation with Def Jam, paving the way for an independent release of Blonde? It’s nearly impossible to imagine a scenario where Frank Ocean pulled this off without Def Jam’s complicity — it’s unlikely that Frank Ocean pulled a true bait-and-switch on his record label. For one, record contracts generally have some kind of an option period which comes into effect after any initial album requirements are met. An option period allows the label the option to renew the contract for a successive album period. It’s a little like a free agency in sports: when a contract runs out, the team someone’s already on gets the first chance to resign them. Agreements also usually specify a time period in which the label is permitted to invoke their option, usually around 12 months. Which means, even if Frank had the ability to get out of the contract, it likely wouldn’t have happened in a matter of hours Universal immediately relinquished their option after the release of Endless. If that was the case, it doesn’t make sense that Frank was forced to fulfill an album obligation, since they probably would have always had the ability to unilaterally release him from his contract. Additionally, this album has been years in the making. Studio time, marketing, clearances; these things all cost a lot of money. If Endless and Blonde were made concurrently, dividing the cost between the two would be difficult. Although much of it is unseen to the fan, Def Jam likely invested a lot of money into the creation and release of Endless. If Frank released Blonde without permission from Def Jam, he clearly cannibalized on their marketing and release strategy, damaging their ability to make a return on their investment. It’s hard to imagine a world in which Def Jam sues Frank Ocean, but some of these actions could be in contravention of his initial contractual obligations. Even if it were released to fulfill a contractual obligation, it’s difficult to imagine Endless would be considered an “album” beyond a superficial interpretation. Endless is not a traditional album; it doesn’t appear to be for sale on iTunes or function according to the conventional standards which would likely be requisite in any contractual obligations Frank has with Def Jam. Such standards would normally prescribe that an album has the ability be pushed to radio or sold independently from its visual component. Interestingly, none of the tracks on Blonde or Endless appear in ASCAP, BMI, or SESAC’s repertoires for collection of public performance royalties. BMI’s website states that Frank joined BMI in 2008. A number of other songs that he has writing credits on are in the repertoire, including the tracks from his previous Def Jam release, channel ORANGE. It is more likely that this entire charade was the result of some kind of settlement between Frank Ocean and Def Jam, and it is overwhelmingly likely that Def Jam knew of his plans to release another album. In other words, it seems impossible that all of this went down completely behind Def Jam’s back. IT IS MORE LIKELY THAT THIS ENTIRE CHARADE WAS THE RESULT OF SOME KIND OF SETTLEMENT BETWEEN FRANK OCEAN AND DEF JAM. His rocky relationship with the label is nothing new. After he released Nostalgia, Ultra in 2011 on his own, he took to Twitter to explain: “i. did. this. not ISLAND DEF JAM. that’s why you see no label logo on the artwork that I DID. guess its my fault for trusting my dumbass lawyer and signing my career over to a failing company. fuck Def Jam & any company that goes the length of signing a kid with dreams & talent w/ no intention of following through. fuck em. now back to my day. i want some oatmeal and toast. brunch swag.” But in an interview with the Fader later that year, Frank stated “We’re good now” when discussing his label. channel ORANGE, his first full length record, was released on Def Jam in 2012.   On Tuesday, The Guardian reported that an internal Universal Music Group memo, penned by CEO Lucian Grainge, revealed plans to become the first major label to ban streaming service exclusives such as Blonde. Universal’s artists include Drake, Kanye West, and Taylor Swift, among others who have already benefited from exclusive deals. Thus far, exclusive deals with streaming services appear to be extremely lucrative, although the specifics of the deals remain murky. Forbes reported that Drake’s partnership with Apple amounted to a “multi-year, eight figure deal” — the specifics of which Apple has disputed. This turning point for Universal signals a serious pivot in strategy, since just months ago it seemed as though exclusive content could have been the way forward for the entire industry. The timing and context suggests that the Universal memo is some kind of a reaction to Frank’s ordeal. With front and center placement on its main Music page, Apple’s focus at this point is clearly on Blonde.  It fits the traditional album mold better than Endless; it is divided into tracks, which can be downloaded and played individually on the radio or included in playlists. Arguably, it is more easily commercialized. Tellingly, Blonde is reported to have racked up enough streams in its first few days to slate it for a number 1 spot on the Billboard charts and earn an estimated 225,000-250,000 equivalent album units in its first week. Frank’s exclusivity deal with Apple appears to implicate both Blonde and Endless, but it is clear that Apple is pushing his independent release over the Universal release. In terms of sheer listens, the record label is being squeezed out of this equation, and the success that Frank and Apple are seeing could perhaps pave the way for new partnerships between independent artists and streaming services, without the inclusion of a label at all. Chance the Rapper has managed to become successful while remaining unsigned by partnering with streaming services — namely Apple — to release his music. While the Universal memo could be a direct retaliation to Frank’s partnership with Apple, it could also be a protective measure. Partnering with streaming services could be counter to labels’ long term goals, as it risks setting the stage for established artists to leave their labels and form Frank-like partnerships with streaming services. By prohibiting exclusives, Universal is thwarting Apple’s ability to function as a label in its own right, and closing down a potential alternative to signing with a major label. While the true facts of the situation are being kept close to the chest by Ocean, Def Jam, and Apple, drastic moves like this one make it clear that the course of the music industry is changing, likely for good. WatchNow Tags: Features, Essays, Def Jam, Frank Ocean, Blonde  Like  Follow  Chat Show Comments 0 NowTrending Lateststories Kodak Black Shares Previously Unreleased "4th Quarter" Video BY Jessie Morris 10 minutes ago Kanye West Reportedly Doing "Much Better" Following Hospitalization BY Chris Mench 59 minutes ago The Weeknd Shares 'Mania' Short Film BY Jessie Morris 1 hour ago Donald Glover Is Finally Getting the Recognition He Deserves BY Chris Mench 1 hour ago My Favorite Song RN: Lido Loves the New Bon Iver and Classic Steely Dan BY Edwin Ortiz 1 hour ago Premiere: Meek Mill Shows Off His Lavish Lifestyle in "On the Regular" Video BY Chris Mench 2 hours ago Watch the First Episode of Tidal's 21 Savage Tour Documentary BY Chris Mench 2 hours ago Gucci Mane and Future Drop Their New Video for "Selling Heroin" BY Chris Mench 4 hours ago Why Is Rap So Obsessed With the Illuminati? BY Steven J. Horowitz 5 hours ago Chance the Rapper Reportedly Cancels Remainder of European Tour BY Chris Mench 6 hours ago NowTrending SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER Enter Contact UsTerms of Use CareersPrivacy Policy AdvertiseSite Map Feeds MusicStyle Pop CultureSports SneakersLife © Complex Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
SiliconValley.com Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS   Social Web Mobile Cloud Gadgets Cleantech VC Data Games Policy Media     Apple iPhone 6 users plagued by touchscreen woes By George Avalos / August 24, 2016 at 9:20 AM A problem with the touchscreen of the Apple iPhone 6, which many users have complained about on discussion boards, is becoming “incredibly common,” according to repair techs. The most visible sign that something has gone awry: a flickering gray bar at the top of the screen. Apple, according to participants on its forums, doesn’t recognize the issue and simply advises people to buy a new phone and trade in the malfunctioning device. A blog post at ifixit.org this week examined the problem, which has been brought to the attention of an array of repair shops around the United States. A peek at Apple discussion forums indicates that the problem cropped up around April of 2015 and complaints about the issue have continued to the present. Walmark, a Bay Area resident, reported his experience with this malfunction in March of this year. He visited the Apple store at Westfield Mall in San Jose to see if employees at the retail outlook could remedy his touchscreen difficulties. After waiting about two hours, Walmark said he met with a store representative. “He acknowledged the problem. He was very familiar with it, but said Apple doesn’t recognize it as an issue, and so there is not much he can do,” Walmark reported. “I can either replace my phone with identical one for $329 or I can get a $350 trade in on it if I want to upgrade. No offer of free replacement, no consolation, nothing. I left.” Some time later, Walmark went to an Apple store in Los Gatos. “The funniest thing is that at this point I was sitting next to a guy who had another iPhone 6 Plus with flickering lines on the screen,” he wrote. In May 2015, an iPhone user posted about similar problems with his phone. “So a couple days ago, my iPhone 6+ began having intermittent screen responsiveness,” Benm1972 posted. “First time, I received a phone call and couldn’t answer it because the swipe wouldn’t work. I turned it off and back on with no luck. I reset it and that fixed it. That was the only issue that day. I the last few days it’s becoming more frequent. Today alone I’ve had to reset it eight times.” Some iPhone users, who are threatening to switch to other platforms after years of loyalty to the Cupertino-based tech giant, have even coined a phrase for the problem. “My iPhone is completely unresponsive (Touch Disease),” ffelgenh wrote Wednesday in an Apple forum.   Photo: Apple CEO Tim Cook introduces the iPhone 6S and iPhone 6 Plus S during a media event at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium Sept. 9, 2015, in San Francisco, Calif. (Karl Mondon/Bay Area News Group) Share this: Email Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Reddit Google More Pinterest Tumblr   Tags: Apple, iPhone, phone, repairs, touchscreen   More Posts in Gadgets Apple iPhone 6s shutdown problem: Company replacing batteries for free November 21, 2016   Wolverton: Competition stumps Amazon Echo, Google Home November 14, 2016   Snap releases new Spectacles with weird yellow vending machines November 10, 2016       Share this Post Tweet       fstein George, Do you have data? How many users have these problems? spinoza2 I agree with the call for data, without data this could be nothing more than a ploy by competitors before the new iPhone release. Ormond Otvos If you go to a forum, you get 100% people with iPhone problems. Big whoop! Carl Pietrantonio I have a slight case of that. About 50% of phone calls cannot get answered because the swipe will not work. No grey lines though. Zeezladon My employer provides phones to the field guys. The guys with iPhone 6 are plagued with audio quality issues — it sucks to have a phone conversation with someone using one of these. Is there a certain way you’re supposed to hold it when you’re using it for voice calls…? No such problem with the guys using Android phones. salemdad Sadly, I’m having the same problems with my Samsung 5. I had been thinking of switching to Apple. I have reset the sensitivity level to “wearing gloves” level and so far so good (it’s been a week.) BTW – thankfully my wife was with me the last time that I couldn’t swipe to answer an incoming call.. it regularly happened when she was calling and she wasn’t buying my “it’s the phone” argument 🙂     About SiliconBeat Sign up for the Good Morning Silicon Valley newsletter GMSV     Tweets from @siliconbeat/siliconbeat   Popular Posts Older Silicon Valley techies pushed out onto the ice floes… Apple admits to iPhone ‘touch disease,’ blames… Crucial Silicon Valley H-1B visa issue unclear under Trump Why did Oracle’s co-CEO Safra Catz visit Trump? Study: Students find it hard to identify fake news online     Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005   Related Feeds 60-Second Business Break Green Energy News Opinion Personal Tech Venture Capital                       Education WordPress Theme by Copyright © 2016 Bay Area News Group. All Rights Reserved   Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
CircleID Login  |  Sign Up Follow on:   Twitter  |  Facebook  |  LinkedIn  WARNING: JavaScript is either disabled or not supported by your browser. You may encounter problems using various features on CircleID.  Home Topics Access Providers Broadband Censorship Cloud Computing Cyberattack Cybercrime Cybersquatting Data Center DDoS DNS DNS Security Domain Names Email Enum ICANN Intellectual Property Internet Governance Internet of Things Internet Protocol IP Addressing IPTV IPv6 Law Malware Mobile Multilinguism Net Neutrality P2P Policy & Regulation Privacy Regional Registries Registry Services Security Spam Telecom Top-Level Domains VoIP Web White Space Whois Wireless Display Options: List by Popularity Chart by Popularity Blogs Latest Recently Discussed Most Discussed Most Viewed News Latest Recently Discussed Most Discussed Most Viewed Community Recently Featured Most Featured Most Active Most Read Recent Members Top 100 Leaderboard Alphabetical View Random View Recent Comments Industry Latest Posts Most Viewed Leaderboard CircleID Members: Afilias Afilias Mobile & Web Services ARI Registry Services Boston Ivy Cloud Registry Dot Chinese Online & Dot Chinese Website Dyn Inc. i2Coalition LogicBoxes MarkMonitor Port25 Radix Registry Verisign Zodiac Registry Home / Blogs Does Apple's Cloud Key Vault Answer the Key Escrow Question? Aug 24, 2016 9:43 AM PST Comments: 0 Views: 3,340 Print Comment By Steven Bellovin In a recent talk at Black Hat, Apple's head of security engineering (Ivan Krsti&#x00107;) described many security mechanisms in iOS. One in particular stood out: Apple's Cloud Key Vault, the way that Apple protects cryptographic keys stored in iCloud. A number of people have criticized Apple for this design, saying that they have effectively conceded the "Going Dark" encryption debate to the FBI. They didn't, and what they did was done for very valid business reasons — but they're taking a serious risk, one that could answer the Going Dark question in the other way: back-up copies of cryptographic keys are far too dangerous to leave lying around. Going Dark, briefly, is the notion that law enforcement will be cut off from vital sources of evidence because of strong encryption. FBI directory James Comey, among others, has called for vendors to provide some alternate way for law enforcement — with a valid warrant — to bypass the encryption. On the other hand, most non-government cryptographers feel that any possible "exceptional access" mechanism is unreasonably dangerous. The problem Apple wanted to solve is this. Suppose that you have some sort of iToy — an iPhone, an iPad, etc. — or Mac. These systems allow you to back up your keychain to Apple's iCloud service, where they're protected by your AppleID (an email address) and password. If you buy a new device from Apple, your keychain can be downloaded to it once you log on to iCloud. (Note: uploading keys to iCloud is optional and disabled by default, though you are prompted about enabling it during device setup.) That's a fine notion, and very consumer-friendly: people want to be able to back up their devices securely (remember that iToys themselves are strongly encrypted), and recover their information if their device is lost or stolen. The trick is doing this securely, and in particular guarding against brute force attacks on the PIN or password. To do this, iOS uses a "Secure Enclave" — a special co-processor that rate-limits guesses and (by default) erases the phone after too many incorrect guesses. (The details are complex; see Krsti&#x00107;'s talk for details.) The problem is this: how do you ensure that level of protection for keys that are stored remotely, when the attacker can just hack into or subpoena an iCloud server and guess away. Apple's solution to this problem is even more complex (again, see Krsti&#x00107;'s talk), but fundamentally, Apple relies on a Hardware Security Module (HSM) to protect these keys against guessing attacks. It's supposed to be impossible to hack HSMs, and while they do have master keys that are written to smartcards, Apple solved this problem very simply: they ran the smartcards through a blender… So: it would seem that this solves the Going Dark problem. Instead of destroying these smart cards, suppose that Apple stored one copy in Tim Cook's safe and another in James Comey's. Problem solved, right? Not so fast. Unfortunately, solving Going Dark can't be done with a simple piece of code in one place. It's many different problems, each of which needs its own secure solution; furthermore, the entire system — the set of all of these solutions, and the processes they rely on — has to be secure, as well as the code and processes for combining them. The first part is the cryptographic protocols and code to implement the key upload functions. As I mentioned, these mechanisms are exceedingly complex. Although I do not know of any flaws in either the protocols or the code, I won't be even slightly surprised by bugs in either or both. This stuff is really hard to get right. The next step is protecting the master keys. Apple's solution — a blender — is simple and elegant, and probably reliable. If we want some sort of exceptional access, though, we can't do that: these smartcards have to exist. Not only must they be protected when not in use, they must be protected when in use: who can get them, what can be decrypted, how the requests are authenticated, what to do about requests from other countries, and more. This isn't easy, either; it only seems that way from 30,000 feet. Apple got out of that game by destroying the cards, but if you want exceptional access that doesn't work. There's another risk, though, one that Apple still runs: are the HSMs really secure? The entire scheme rests on the assumption that they are, but is that true? We don't know, but research suggests that they may not be. HSMs are, after all, computers, and their code and the APIs to them are very hard to get right. If there is a flaw, Apple may never know, but vital secrets will be stolen. Was Apple wrong, then, to build such an elaborate system? Clearly, no lesser design would have met their requirements: being able to recover old backups with just a password as the only authentication mechanism, while keeping a strict limit on password-guessing. But are those requirements correct? Here's where life gets really tricky. Apple is a consumer device company; their prime goal is to make the customers happy — and customers get really unhappy when they lose their data. There are more secure designs possible, if you give up this remote recovery requirement, but those are more appropriate for defense gear, for situations where it's better to lose the data than to let it be compromised by the enemy. Apple's real problem is that they're trying to satisfy consumer needs while still defending against nation-state adversaries. I hope they've gotten it right — but I won't be even slightly surprised if they haven't. By Steven Bellovin, Professor of Computer Science at Columbia University. More blog posts from Steven Bellovin can also be read here. Related topics: Cloud Computing, Security       Tweet Twitter/circleid Facebook/circleid Master Feed (more) Mobile Edition WEEKLY WRAP — Get CircleID's Weekly Summary Report by Email: Print Comment Comments To post comments, please login or create an account. Related Blogs Can the Internet Work Across Borders? Nov 08, 2016 Comments: 0 Death of Transit: A Need to Prevent Fragmentation Nov 07, 2016 Comments: 0 DNSSEC Activities at ICANN 57 in Hyderabad on 4-7 November 2016 Nov 03, 2016 Comments: 0 The Effects of the Forthcoming FCC Privacy Rules on Internet Security Nov 01, 2016 Comments: 0 Taking a Closer Look at the Recent DDoS Attacks and What it Means for the DNS Oct 26, 2016 Comments: 0 View More Related News BITAG Outlines Steps to Dramatically Improve the Security and Privacy of IoT Devices Nov 22, 2016 Comments: 0 Russian Security Firm Kaspersky Announces Its Own Secure OS, 14 Years in the Making Nov 18, 2016 Comments: 0 Akamai: DDoS Attacks Increased 71 Percent in Q3 2016 as Compared to Q3 2015 Nov 15, 2016 Comments: 0 Major Russian Banks Under a Multi-Day Cyberattack Nov 11, 2016 Comments: 0 There are Reports of Widespread Post-Election Spear Phishing Campaigns Targeting Think Tanks, NGOs Nov 10, 2016 Comments: 1 View More Explore Topics Access Providers IPv6 Broadband Law Censorship Malware Cloud Computing Mobile Cyberattack Multilinguism Cybercrime Net Neutrality Cybersquatting P2P Data Center Policy & Regulation DNS Privacy DNS Security Regional Registries Domain Names Registry Services Email Security Enum Spam ICANN Telecom Intellectual Property Top-Level Domains Internet Governance VoIP Internet of Things Web Internet Protocol White Space IP Addressing Whois IPTV Wireless View More Industry Updates – Sponsored Posts 2016 U.S. Election: An Internet Forecast By i2Coalition Views: 360 Government Guidance for Email Authentication Has Arrived in USA and UK By ValiMail Views: 1,020 ValiMail Raises $12M for Its Email Authentication Service By ValiMail Views: 637 Don't Gamble With Your DNS By Neustar Views: 1,143 Defending Against Layer 7 DDoS Attacks By Verisign Views: 1,636 Understanding the Risks of the Dark Web By MarkMonitor Views: 1,539 New TLD? Make Sure It's Secure By Neustar Views: 1,643 Verisign Releases Q2 2016 DDoS Trends Report - Layer 7 DDoS Attacks a Growing Trend By Verisign Views: 3,740 How Savvy DDoS Attackers Are Using DNSSEC Against Us By Neustar Views: 2,901 Facilitating a Trusted Web Space for Financial Service Professionals By Boston Ivy Views: 2,284 MarkMonitor Partners with CYREN to Deepen Visibility into Global Phishing Attacks By MarkMonitor Views: 2,752 Verisign Named to the Online Trust Alliance's 2016 Honor Roll By Verisign Views: 3,098 Verisign Q1 2016 DDoS Trends: Attack Activity Increases 111 Percent Year Over Year By Verisign Views: 4,018 Is Your TLD Threat Mitigation Strategy up to Scratch? By Neustar Views: 9,088 i2Coalition to Host First Ever Smarter Internet Forum By i2Coalition Views: 3,980 Encrypting Inbound and Outbound Email Connections with PowerMTA By Port25 Views: 4,869 Resilient Cybersecurity: Dealing with On-Premise, Cloud-Based and Hybrid Security Complexities By Verisign Views: 3,665 What Holds Firms Back from Choosing Cloud-Based External DNS? By Neustar Views: 2,552 Verisign Releases Q4 2015 DDoS Trends - DDoS Attack Activity Increasing by 85% Year Over Year By Verisign Views: 3,544 Best Practices from Verizon - Proactively Mitigating Emerging Fraudulent Activities By MarkMonitor Views: 3,298 View More Sponsored Topics Email Sponsored by Port25 DNS Security Sponsored by Afilias Security Sponsored by Verisign Mobile Sponsored by Afilias - Mobile & Web Services View All Topics A world-renowned source for Internet Developments. Serving since 2002. Stay connected: Twitter Facebook LinkedIn RSS Managed Hosting by Hostway Web Performance & Web Speed by Dyn Sections:   Home  |  Topics  |  Featured Blogs  |  News Briefs  |  Industry Updates  |  Community About CircleID  |  Advertising Programs  |  Contact Us  |  News Tips     Policies:   Codes of Conduct  |  Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use Copyright © 2002-2016 CircleID.  Iomemo Inc.  All rights reserved unless where otherwise noted. Local Time: Wednesday, November 23, 2016 10:41 AM PST – Page Load: 0.3599 Sec.
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 Black Friday CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra Retina MacBook tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums Black Friday iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s Retina MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Deutsche Telekom to Offer Subscribers Six Months of Apple Music for Free Wednesday August 24, 2016 12:05 PM PDT by Juli Clover German carrier Deutsche Telekom is planning to lure new customers by offering six months of Apple Music service for free, reports iPhone-ticker.de [Google Translate]. Aimed at customers who have not yet tried Apple Music, the offer will be announced at IFA in Berlin, set to take place from September 2 to September 7. According to the report, new Apple Music subscribers on Deutsche Telekom will get the standard three-month free trial and then an additional three months of service paid for by the carrier. Following the conclusion of the six month trial period, customers will be able to continue their subscriptions and pay for them via their personal phone bill, making it easier to maintain a subscription. It is not known if Deutsche Telekom will only be covering individual subscriptions or if customers are also eligible for family plans. For its Apple Music service, Apple offers extended three month free trial periods in an effort to get people accustomed to using the service, a longer trial period than the one month offered by most streaming services. Apple's strategy has been somewhat successful, and as of June 2016, Apple Music had more than 15 million paying subscribers. 11 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) miknos 13 weeks ago 3 months cost $30. The telecom might charge more than that in the long run. Hate that kind of deal. Time flies. Rating: 1 Votes BSben 13 weeks ago A completely useless offer as Deutsche Telekom is very expensive and 4G data allowance is laughable. Germany in general has very poor offerings when it comes to data. Rating: 1 Votes higgalls 13 weeks ago Telstra in Australia were giving you 12 months of Apple music for free. It is great. Rating: 1 Votes Michael Scrip 13 weeks ago I wish Apple themselves would offer different lengths of subscription such as a 'yearly' option that would be a bit cheaper in the long run. Exactly. I also wish Apple would bundle various services together at a discount. Imagine paying $100 for a year of Apple Music and a year of extra iCloud storage. Surely Apple has some wiggle-room in their margins to allow for bundled discounts. On a semi-related sidenote... I feel that Google handed Apple their butt with the latest Google Photos ad ('https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aEK37MBTUPk'). Apple should offer their 50GB iCloud plan to everyone for FREE... and offer even more storage included with an Apple Music subscription. Rating: 1 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 New glass-backed design rumored to lose the Home button. Front Page Stories Donald Trump Tells Tim Cook He'll Offer Apple 'Very Large Tax Cut' to Make Products in America 4 hours ago on Front Page In a recent interview with The New York Times, President-elect Donald Trump said he received phone calls from Apple CEO Tim Cook and Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates after winning the presidential... 351 comments Jony Ive Said to Be 'As Connected to Product Design as Ever' Following Speculation About His Role 5 hours ago on Front Page Over the last few days, speculation has begun brewing over the potential winding down of Jony Ive's career at Apple, where he works as the company's chief design officer. During an... 131 comments iPhone 8 to Feature All-Glass Casing in Order to Support Wireless Charging 8 hours ago on Front Page Apple will switch to an all-glass casing for next year's entire iPhone lineup in order to support wireless charging, with Pegatron being the exclusive supplier of the wireless charger. That's... 159 comments iPhone Generated Record-Breaking Share of Profits Last Quarter Despite Continued Sales Decline 17 hours ago on Front Page iPhone sales may have declined for three consecutive quarters, but the latest data from research firm Strategy Analytics suggests Apple is unsurprisingly still doing exceptionally well in the... 233 comments Apple Inks Apple Music Deal With Indian Ride-Hailing Company Ola 21 hours ago on Front Page Apple has partnered with Indian ride-sharing company Ola to make Apple Music available to customers who order a ride, reports The Los Angeles Times. Apple Music, along with services from Sony, Fynd,... 61 comments Black Friday Deals on Apps and Software for iPhone, iPad, and Mac 22 hours ago on Front Page With fewer than three days until Black Friday, a number of developers are beginning to offer deals on their apps and software. Below, we have rounded up some of the notable discounts available for... 37 comments BeatsX Release Rumors Point to December Launch Date 1 day ago on Front Page Similar to the current confusion regarding the release date of Apple's AirPods, a couple of differing launch days for the new wireless BeatsX earphones have begun sprouting up online, leading to... 99 comments DirecTV Now Supports Single Sign-on for Upcoming 'TV' App on iOS and Apple TV 2 days ago on Front Page Apple's upcoming iOS 10.2 and tvOS 10.1 updates will bring a new "TV" app where users will be able to view much of their TV and movie content from across various apps, all centrally... 62 comments • Apple Teases One-Day Black Friday Shopping Event (147) • Samsung Plans to Launch 'Jet Black' Version of Galaxy S7 in Early December (231) • Apple Says to 'Open Your Heart to Everyone' in Festive 'Frankie's Holiday' Ad (146) • Phil Schiller Says 32GB RAM on New MacBook Pro Would Have Required Battery Compromising Design (751) • Apple Ceases Development of 'AirPort' Wireless Routers as Engineers Reassigned to Other Products (1097) • Apple Launches Repair Program for iPhone 6s Devices Experiencing Unexpected Shutdowns (230) • Drake Gets Distracted While Singing Taylor Swift in New Apple Music Ad (78)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade All 3 'Infinity Blade' Games Are $0.99 for Black Friday Point and Click Adventure 'Kathy Rain' Hits the App Store Ditto Is Now Available in 'Pokemon GO', Impersonating Other Common Creatures 'Geometry Wars 3: Dimensions Evolved' Drops to Three Bucks 'Armajet' Getting Esport Buzz Even While in Beta 'Swap Sword' is a Fun Match-3 Roguelike Coming in December AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money More > Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel Dating news You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Forget The iPhone 7 Pro, Apple’s Saving That Curved OLED Beast For 2017 Know Your Mobile 23/08/2016 Richard Goodwin © knowyourmobile.com Forget The iPhone 7 Pro, Apple’s Saving That Curved OLED Beast For 2017 In the run up to the iPhone 7’s release date, which is scheduled for sometime in September, there's been a LOT of leaks, rumours and speculation about what the handsets will entail. Most seem to agree that this year’s iPhone 7 release will be an incremental affair that focuses on updates to key aspects of the iPhone we know and love; things like the camera, battery life, screen resolution and, err… our distrust of headphone jacks. The iPhone 7 WILL look like the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6s. We know this. You know this. And Apple knows this. But what’s interesting about this year’s iPhone 7 release is that, well, it hasn’t been the one grabbing all the headlines; no, that handset is Apple’s 2017 iPhone which has also been leaking all over the place. 2017 marks the iPhone’s 10th birthday, so it stands to reason Apple will want to do something special for that. You might have heard about an the “iPhone Pro”, the name has been passed around quite liberally this year, but what you might not know is that the iPhone Pro is planned for NEXT YEAR, not this year, as previously rumoured. And this iPhone Pro model will be a curved OLED affair, according to reports, a prospect that should have any Apple fan worth their salt palpably frothing at the mouth in anticipation. The Curved OLED iPhone will feature a 5.5in display and ship alongside two other iPhones, presumably the model iterations we know and love, and they will use standard LCD panels. See what Apple’s doing there? Yep — the same thing is always does: forcing you to pay for the top model to get a true update. “Along with a new Pro model wielding OLED tech,” notes BGR, “all of next year’s iPhone range should see a significant change in design. Nikkei confirms earlier reports that the 2017 iPhone will have an all-glass display and chassis, which will only be linked with a metal bezel. Major iPhone supplier Foxconn has reportedly been working hard to develop the new capability in time to make Apple’s 10th anniversary iPhone.” And Apple really does need a new phone of this ilk because, for the first time ever, the iPhone is starting to look mortal. Sales declined for the first time in 2016 and Apple’s component suppliers are gearing up for less demand in the coming year. “Major supplier has received component orders for 54 million units for the two new models,” said the report. “According to the source familiar with the iPhone design, the lack of demand is likely to drag down shipments for the full year to less than 200 million handsets, compared with the 231 million phones Apple sold last year.” Roll on, 2017! Go to MSN Home More in News The slow-burning hatred that led Thomas Mair to murder Jo Cox The Guardian Autumn Statement: The key points at a glance Sky News Somewhere around the rainbow: Rare sight caught on camera Press Association World's tallest water slide to close after 10-year-old boy was killed Press Association Grindr killings chef Stephen Port guilty of four murders Sky News Teen arrested after undercover cop stabbed in stomach in alley Evening Standard Up Next White supremacist will die in jail for murdering pro-EU MP Jo Cox Sky News More in News IVF mum marries donor after tracking him down and falling in love Mirror Tracking an elusive diary from Hitler's inner circle The New York Times £1bn Madonna becomes highest-grossing solo touring artist ever Evening Standard AdChoices AdChoices More from Know Your Mobile The 6 Best Drones For 2016: All Budgets. All Styles Know Your Mobile 5 Awesome PlayStation VR Games You Need To Try Know Your Mobile Which Phone Has The Best Call Quality? Know Your Mobile Samsung Galaxy S9 & Galaxy Note 9 To Feature Harman Audio In 2018? Know Your Mobile Know Your Mobile View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel Dating © 2016 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Anti-Spam Newsletter
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › tech home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Apple US warns Europe over plan to demand millions in unpaid taxes from Apple US Treasury says investigations into alleged tax avoidance by US companies including Amazon and Starbucks could create ‘unfortunate precedent’ The EU has been investigating whether Apple’s tax deals with Ireland, which allowed the company to pay very little tax on income earned throughout Europe, amounted to state aid. Photograph: Niall Carson/PA Rupert Neate in New York @RupertNeate Wednesday 24 August 2016 13.51 EDT Last modified on Friday 11 November 2016 06.36 EST Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close This article is 3 months old The US has warned the European commission that it will consider retaliating if Brussels goes ahead with plans to demand billions of dollars in unpaid taxes from Apple and other US multinational companies. The Obama administration warned the EU on Wednesday that its investigations into alleged tax avoidance by US firms, including Apple, Amazon and Starbucks, could “create an unfortunate international tax policy precedent”. In a white paper commissioned by US Treasury secretary Jack Lew, the US warned that Brussels was overstepping its powers and becoming a “supranational tax authority”. The US warned that if Brussels pushes ahead with threatened plans to demand as much as $19bn (£14.4bn) from Apple for alleged unpaid taxes as a result of so-called sweetheart deals with Ireland the US Treasury will “consider potential responses”. The EU has been investigating whether Apple’s tax deals with Ireland, which allowed the company to pay very little tax on income earned throughout Europe, amounted to state aid. The commission is expected next month to rule on the case, the biggest single corporate tax avoidance investigation. Investment bank JP Morgan has warned that if the commission requires Apple to retroactively pay the Irish corporate tax rate of 12.5% on the pre-tax profits it collected via Ireland it could cost the company as much as $19bn. A US Senate investigation in 2013 found that Apple paid little or no tax on profits of at least $74bn over four years by exploiting gaps in the Irish and American tax code. The investigation found no evidence of illegal activity and both Apple and Ireland deny any wrongdoing. Tim Cook, Apple’s chief executive, has called the investigations “political crap”. “There is no truth behind it,” he said. “Apple pays every tax dollar we owe.” In its final warning to the EU before the expected ruling, the US Treasury accused Brussels of a “shift in approach [that] appears to expand the role of the Commission beyond enforcement of competition and State aid law ... into that of a supranational tax authority that reviews member state transfer price determinations”. “The US Treasury Department continues to consider potential responses should the Commission continue its present course,” the white paper warned in the US’s strongest language to date. “A strongly preferred and mutually beneficial outcome would be a return to the system and practice of international tax cooperation that has long fostered cross-border investment between the United States and EU member states.” The threat that the US may retaliate against the EU comes shortly after Lew flew to Brussels for talks with the EU’s competition commissioner Margrethe Vestager on “transatlantic cooperation”. Margrethe Vestager (@vestager) Very good meeting with Secretary of the Treasury Jack Lew on the European economy and transatlantic cooperation. pic.twitter.com/XiQBa6STAg July 13, 2016 Vestager has already demanded €20m-€30m in back taxes from Starbucks and Fiat Chrysler after ruling the firms struck illegal tax deals with the Netherlands and Luxembourg. The commission is also pursuing a similar investigation against Amazon. Lew has accused the commission of “targeting US companies disproportionately”. The commission denied this on Wednesday, saying its investigation “applies to all companies operating in Europe – there is no bias against US companies”. The EU estimates that corporate tax avoidance costs member states €50m-€70bn a year in lost taxes. The US Treasury warned that American taxpayers could end up footing the bill if the commission goes ahead and demands back taxes from Apple and other US companies as the firms may be able to offset the EU-demand taxes against US tax payments. It described this potential outcome as “deeply troubling, as it would effectively constitute a transfer of revenue to the EU from the US government and its taxpayers”. The white paper said the commission’s demand for retroactive tax payments “sets an undesirable precedent that could lead to other tax authorities, particularly those in developing countries that look to the EU as a model, to seek large and punitive retroactive recoveries from both US and EU companies”. Cook has said Apple will “obviously appeal” the commission’s ruling if the company doesn’t get a fair hearing. “It’s important for everyone to understand that the allegation made in the EU is that Ireland gave us a special deal. Ireland denies that. The structure we have was applicable to everybody – it wasn’t something that was done unique to Apple. It was their law,” Cook told the Washington Post earlier this month. “And the basic controversy at the root of this is, people really aren’t arguing that Apple should pay more taxes. They’re arguing about who they should be paid to. And so there’s a tug of war going on between the countries of how you allocate profits.” More news Topics Apple European commission Obama administration European Union Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech selected arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Technology › Apple Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Average Selling Price (ASP): Why It Matters to Apple Breaking down why Apple's iPhone ASP may be the most important calculation in understanding the tech giant's financial performance. Andrew Tonner (TMFTheDude) Aug 24, 2016 at 12:11PM For investors examining Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), it's critical to understand how the technology giant's devices are selling, and the calculation that perhaps best expresses the health of Apple's products is their average selling price (ASP).  Image source: Apple. Apple's overall ASPs have trended downward in recent quarters. What does that mean for Apple investors today? Let's review Apple's ASP metrics and see how the figure drives Apple's broader financial performance. Inside Apple's ASP A product's ASP is the revenue from its sales divided by the number of units sold in a single period. For product-driven companies like Apple, ASP calculations provide pivotal information about its financial performance and, by extension, the performance of its stock price. In fact, there's a clear relationship between Apple's iPhone ASP and its stock price movements:   Image sources: Apple investor relations and Yahoo! Finance.  The iPhone accounts for the majority of the tech giant's revenue and profit. In Apple's most recent quarter, the iPhone segment alone produced $24.1 billion of the company's $42.4 billion in sales -- about 57%. Moreover, the iPhone's share of Apple revenue exceeds two-thirds of total sales in some quarters following new device handset launches. And the iPhone's ASP matters even more when you begin considering how each device drives overall profitability. Apple consolidates its operations under a single profit-and-loss statement, meaning investors can't tell how costs such as marketing and R&D are spread among the company's various products. Since the iPhone has the highest gross margin in Apple's device family, though, it's safe to assume that the device generates the lion's share of Apple's profits. That makes the iPhone crucial in determining Apple's overall financial performance each quarter. Apple's ASP outlook Keeping in mind that the iPhone, iPad, and Mac -- the three devices for which Apple provides individualized data -- are at different phases of their product life cycles, here's how ASPs changed in Apple's most recent quarter. Apple Average Selling Price (ASP) by Product Q3 2016 Y-o-Y % Change iPhone  $595 (9.8%) iPad  $490 18% Mac  $1,232 (2%) Data source: Apple Investor Relations.  If the iPhone figure alarms you, here's some context. The financial impact of the 4-inch iPhone SE landed during the quarter, and since the base 16 GB version retails for $399 -- $250 less than the introductory price for the 16GB iPhone 6s --  a decline in Apple's ASP was almost inevitable. CFO Luca Maestri said as much on Apple's conference call, though he said he expects iPhone ASPs to improve during the current quarter. Looking further out, the anticipated debut of the iPhone 7 next month, and perhaps a radically redesigned 10th-anniversary iPhone in late 2017, seem likely to drive a renewed interest in Apple's more expensive, and profitable, handsets. So I think concerns about a prolonged decline in iPhone ASPs seem overblown. As for Apple's other core devices, the iPad and Mac, the iPad continues to struggle for meaningful volume growth, with unit sales falling 9% in Q3. However, the introduction of the higher-priced 12-inch iPad Pro has helped bolster iPad ASPs in the face of that weakness. It's unclear how much the iPad Pro has affected Mac sales. With small updates to the Mac lineup in recent quarters, it could be that consumers are waiting on the sidelines. In any event, investors will want to watch the shipment data in Apple's third largest reporting segment in the coming quarters. However, both the iPad and Mac divisions pale in comparison with the iPhone, so investors would do well to focus the bulk of their efforts on the ASPs in Apple's largest division. Andrew Tonner owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Andrew Tonner (TMFTheDude) Andrew Tonner is a senior tech specialist for The Motley Fool. He is a graduate of The University of Arizona with a degree in Finance. Follow @andrewtonner Article Info Aug 24, 2016 at 12:11PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $110.88 down $0.92 (-0.82%) Read More Apple Might Introduce OLED iPhones Earlier Than Expected Apple Inc. May Be Using This New Tech in iPhone 8 Apple iPhone 7 Off to a Decent, Not Great Start Better Buy: Microsoft Corporation vs. Apple Inc. Why Apple Inc.'s "Modem Gate" Doesn’t Matter Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Computing Mobile Internet Gaming Electronics Extreme Deep Dives Deals About ExtremeTech ET Forums Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Home Extreme Why Chevy makes the best rental cars: You’ll get the core tech you want Why Chevy makes the best rental cars: You’ll get the core tech you want By Bill Howard on August 24, 2016 at 1:00 pm Comment Here’s a can’t-lose way to get the most useful rental car: Ask for a Chevy. Chevrolet in particular and GM in general have been out front delivering useful technology that can’t be taken away from you, no matter how cheap the rental company is when it comes to buying its fleet of cars. If you rent a Chevrolet, you’ll get a car with a color LCD in the center stack, and compatibility with Android Auto and Apple CarPlay. Most importantly, through Android Auto or CarPlay, you’ve got access to a navigation system you already know how to use — Apple Maps or Google Maps — that displays up high on the car’s 7- or 8-inch center stack LCD. No longer are you reduced to taking quick glances down at the map on the phone display that’s precariously perched in the cupholder or balanced atop the steering column, resting (until you hit a bump) against the instrument cluster. 2016 Chevrolet Malibu Jackpot: upgrade to Chevrolet Malibu with Apple CarPlay, Android Auto On a recent trip to the West Coast, I had a day of downtime between two sets of meetings and rented a car to drive the Pacific Coast. My criteria for renting typically starts and ends with price. Unfortunately, the cheaper the car, the less likely it is to have an on-board navigation system. That’s especially the case when you choose an economy or compact car. If you want navigation, you use your phone’s GPS maps or pay up to $15 per day for a windshield-mounted GPS unit. At the rental counter, where you find out exactly which make and model you get, I thought the woman in front of me lucked out landing a Kia Soul, a fun car to drive. When it was my turn, I got upgraded to a Chevrolet Malibu and hit the jackpot: It’s the best midsize car you can buy today. It supports both Apple CarPlay and Android Auto. That meant I was able to use Apple Maps, on an 7-inch screen, located high up on the dashboard. Chevrolet only sells LS and above to rental fleets For car buyers, across the Chevrolet line as it is with most every other automaker, there’s a reduced-features entry trim line (the industry term for a model variant) that serves mostly to present a low teaser price to buyers. Dealers sometimes only stock enough to satisfy the customer waving the newspaper ad that offers a Malibu for $22,000. (Or to prove they had one or two in stock, but it’s “just been sold.”) Some corporate fleets are built around these cars. On most Chevrolet lines, that’s the L trim line, followed by the LS, LT, and sometimes LTZ or Premier. With the LS trim line, you typically get the Chevrolet MyLink infotainment system that includes a 7-inch color display (trim lines with built-in navigation have 8-inch displays), control of phone-based apps, and access to Apple CarPlay or Android Auto. In a word, again: jackpot. What keeps you from getting a stripper Chevy, an L without MyLink and CarPlay / Android Auto? A Chevrolet spokesman says, “Chevrolet only sells LS [trim lines] and above to rental fleets.” As a bonus, when you rent a car with MyLink or a similar color LCD infotainment interface, it’s easier to control your phone’s music playback capabilities with a graphical interface than with a tiny two- or three-line text display. Virtually every car sold today has at least one USB jack, so with a rental car you can at least connect your phone for hands-free calling and also play music from your phone or music player. Why Chevrolet saw the light The cost of adding a color LCD display to a car isn’t much – well under $100 (to the automaker), even for automotive-grade displays that have to hold up at the least for the duration of the three- or four-year warranty. It’s not much more than the cost of keeping a CD player (now 34 years old) in the dash. USB and a color LCD is a satisfier for renters. It’s also a satisfier for people who buy used rental fleet cars when they reach 6 months to 2 years of age (or reach a mileage cap). It’s easier to sell a used rental car with a color LCD, electric windows (some entry trim lines are still hand-crank), nicer upholstery, access to CarPlay and Android Auto, and sometimes the more affordable driver assists: blind spot detection and lane departure warning. It’s what buyers want. Majority of Ford rentals (but not all) have Sync 3 Look for more automakers to follow the lead of Chevrolet and General Motors over the next year or two. Ford, for instance, will make Sync 3 (the one that really works) available on all models for 2017. Typically, there’s an entry trim line Ford with the legacy Sync 2 (it won’t run CarPlay or Android Auto), a middle trim line where Sync 3 is optional, and one or two high trim lines where it’s standard. On the Ford Escape (photo inset), Ford’s best seller that isn’t the F-150 pickup, if you get the entry Escape S as a rental car, you’re out of luck. If you get the high end Escape Titanium, it’s always there. If you wind up with a mid-grade Escape SE, it may or may not be there depending on whether the rental company opted to go for the 201A Equipment Group ($1,395 list) which has Sync 3 and also Sync Connect (OnStar-like telematics), blind spot detection, backup sonar, rear cross traffic alert, and a 110-volt outlet. A Ford spokesperson said, “Sync is available in 100% of car rental fleets, which includes cars and SUVs. Within the rental fleet, 40% of vehicles have the basic SYNC system and 60% have the premium SYNC 3 system.” In other words, you’ve got a 6 in 10 chance you’ll be able to use your smartphone’s maps and guidance renting a Ford. That beats a flashback from about five years ago, when an ExtremeTech editor and spouse went on vacation in Hawaii, rented a Ford assuming basic Sync was near universal, and discovered the car lacked even a USB jack. The rental agent noted they could still play all the CDs they brought along. “All the CDs?” The Ford spokesperson added, “Sales for the car rental fleets closely mirror retail sales. For example, retail sales for vehicles with Sync 3 is around 64% compared to 60% of car rentals with Sync 3. Generally speaking Sync is offered on our base series, is standard on the mid-series with an option for the premium Sync 3, and Sync 3 is standard on the premium series.” What other automakers do Availability of infotainment interfaces with access to Apply CarPlay and Android Auto remains spotty. Honda has done an excellent job with the 2016 Honda Civic, both for rental fleets and individual buyers. Other than the entry Civic LX, all trim lines (EX, EX-T, EX-L and Touring) have Apple CarPlay and Android Auto, and only on the Touring is navigation standard, which is fine with the many buyers who just need navigation occasionally. But when they do, they’d like the display to be big and easy to glance at. The problem is, it’s difficult to know which trim level awaits you. The odds the rental clerk knows about AirPlay / Android Auto compatibility would be next to nil, as are the odds they’ll give you a bunch of keys and let you walk the parking lot until you find a car to your liking. So you’re better off asking for a car brand where you know you’re likely to get what you want. For the 2016 model year, companies not offering CarPlay or Android Auto include BMW, Fiat Chrysler (Chrysler, Dodge, Fiat, Jeep, Ram), and Toyota (Lexus, Toyota, the soon-to-depart Scion). Toyota has said it won’t offer CarPlay or Android Auto for the foreseeable future; instead it will develop an open standard called SmartDeviceLink that is based on Ford Sync. Among other automakers, those with at least some 2016 models with Apple CarPlay and Android Auto include Honda, Hyundai, Kia, Mercedes-Benz, Volkswagen, and Volvo. For GM, every brand offers CarPlay on the majority of its models. Bottom line: As of 2016, the odds of your rental car having USB for music playback are good. For navigation via your phone using Android Auto or CarPlay, that’s still a couple years off from being universal. And that’s why it’s worth asking for a Chevrolet when you rent, starting with Malibu. Just remember that cars in the rental fleet may still include some 2015 or 2014 models. Tagged In cars automobiles autos Chevrolet GM CarPlay android auto OnStar Apple CarPlay Ford Escape Honda Civic MyLink Sync 3 Chevy Escape civic Chevrolet Malibu sync3 Chevrolet MyLink rental cars Post a Comment Comment ExtremeTech Newsletter Subscribe Today to get the latest ExtremeTech news delivered right to your inbox. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. More Articles Starting in 2018, China will begin turning its coal plants into nuclear reactors Nov 23 Top holiday gift picks for hard-core science geeks in 2016 Nov 23 Tesla’s solar grid now powers an entire island in the South Pacific Nov 23 Best Windows laptops for MacBook Pro refugees Nov 23 Microsoft is developing its own quantum computer hardware Nov 23 About ExtremeTech Advertising Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Accessibility Statement AdChoices Use of this site is governed by our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Copyright 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC.PCMag Digital Group All Rights Reserved. ExtremeTech is a registered trademark of Ziff Davis, LLC. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of Ziff Davis, LLC. is prohibited. unused
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Business More News Features Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger Patrick Norton More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best Of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > Business > Apple CEO Tim Cook is now more than $100 million… Apple CEO Tim Cook is now more than $100 million richer By Jon Martindale — August 24, 2016 8:56 AM Subscribe to this topic Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends There are many ways to earn big bucks as a CEO beyond a generous yearly salary. You can secure a big payout in the event that you’re let go early like Marissa Mayer, but another way is to stand strong for a long period, like Tim Cook. The Apple CEO has just hit his five-year milestone and will unlock over $100 million in stock bonuses. The shares Cook now has access to include 700,000 which were issued based on the length of time he spent at Apple. These join close to five million shares he was given back in 2011 when he took on the CEO role, as per MacRumors. He could earn even more, too. If Apple’s performance places it in the top three companies in the S&P 500 stock index, he’ll receive as many as another 280,000 shares. Related: Apple making major augmented reality push, CEO Tim Cook confirms Large as these sums are, they should be a drop in the bucket for someone involved in the highest reaches of Apple’s executive branch. In fact, Cook has one of the more modest Apple-based fortunes. His net worth is said to be around $650 million, including his stocks and options. Previous CEO Steve Jobs was worth an estimated $10 billion when he died — though in fact much of that came from outside investments. Still, Cook has pledged to donate most of his stock and fortune to charity over the course of his lifetime. He has in the past donated tens of thousands of Apple shares to charity. Since taking over the role as CEO of Apple, Cook has overseen the launch of products featuring Retina displays, the Apple Watch, Apple Music, Siri, and a number of other products which have continued Apple’s growth. He’s also managed the annual refresh of the iPhone and though its sales numbers have slipped recently, it is still one of the most popular smartphone brands in the world.
null
null
Menu More Edit ModuleShow Tags Townvibe About Us Advertise Subscribe Contact Us My Account Magazines Bedford Berkshire Fairfield Litchfield Ridgefield Wilton Archives Newsstand & Copies Things To Do People Food Home & Garden Shop Outdoors Resources Magazines Bedford Berkshire Fairfield Litchfield Ridgefield Wilton Archives Newsstand & Copies Things To Do People Food Home & Garden Shop Outdoors Resources Townvibe Berkshire / September 2016 / Not Just Them Apples Edit ModuleShow Tags Edit ModuleShow Tags Not Just Them Apples Lenox's Apple Squeeze festival is coming to town By Kate Abbott Photo by Kevin Sprague The Felice Brothers’ new album, Life in the Dark, is getting international reviews, and the group, on a national tour, is coming to the Berkshires—to headline Lenox’s Apple Squeeze.  The 37th annual fall festival weekend, September 24 and 25, 2016 from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m., is growing into a new dimension, says Kameron Spaulding, director of the Lenox Chamber of Commerce. So much so that Main Street will close for the 150-plus vendors and more than 15,000 people. Locals will find familiar food and family activities, along with more music, art, and community involvement. Musicians will perform both days on at least three stages—17 bands on the Main Stage. In keeping with the Felice Brothers’ roots-folk-rock feel, Whiskey Treaty Roadshow will open, and Jamie Kent will come from Northampton fresh from a tour with Huey Lewis & The News. Restaurants and shops are open late Saturday. During the day, the town will fill with photography and paintings, handmade jewelry, clothing, alpaca wool, woodworking, and more. Big Elm Brewing, Balderdash Cellars, and Hilltop Orchards (home of Furnace Brook Winery) will offer craft-wine and beer tastings. And food will range from local barbecue to Mary Zabian’s towering cakes and St. Helena’s Chapel’s corn chowder. And, of course, apples—caramel apples, apple pies and sauce, and cider, hard and fresh.  This article appears in the September 2016 issue of TownVibe Berkshire Did you like what you read here? Subscribe to TownVibe Berkshire » This page requires javascript. It seems that your browser does not have Javascript enabled. Please enable Javascript and press the Reload/Refresh button on your browser. Add your comment: You are currently logged in as . (logout) Characters remaining: Please enter the letters from the image below: Audio version (mp3) >> Sign up for our newsletter Connect With Us            Edit ModuleShow Tags Edit ModuleShow Tags Archive »Related Content Not a City on a Hill Williams College offers an education for all Like Them Apples? Local Berkshire farms with apple picking and fresh cider Packs a Punch Berkshire Natural History Conference––Pollen research and wildlife discussions––Nov 5 Punks The Hudsons, still making music and knocking over beers Cabin Love A creative soul finds restoration on the lake Edit ModuleShow Tags Real Estate - On the Market Profiles Your Guides to Leading Local Professionals Select a CategoryAttorneysBuilders / Architects / DesignersDentistsFinancial ProfessionalsHome ExpertsPhysiciansOutdoor LivingHealth and WellnessEducationGreen BusinessesRealtorsSalons and SpasSenior-Living Edit ModuleShow Tags Edit ModuleShow Tags November 2016 Today Sun 20 Mon 21 Tue 22 Wed 23 Thu 24 Fri 25 Sat 26 10:00 AM - 5:00 PMTowards Abstraction The Bruce Museum in Greenwich received a significant gift of fifty black-and-white photographs by Brett Weston from the Christian Keesee Collection in 2015. These are the first images by Weston in... Cost: Museum Admission Where: Bruce Museum 1 Museum Drive Greenwich, CT  06830 View map » Website » More information 10:00 AM - 6:00 PMPrime Finds Popup Shop opens in Bantam Prime Finds “Home for the Holidays,” last year’s enormously popular pop-up shop benefiting Prime Time House, will open once again in Bantam. The store, featuring donated items for... Cost: Free after Grand Opening, which is $20. Where: 725 Bantam Road (Rte 202) Next door to Sportsmen's Bantam, CT View map » Sponsor: Prime Time House, Inc. Telephone: (860) 307-1734. Contact Name: Kathi Weinstein Website » More information 11:00 AM - 5:00 PM12th Annual Festive Home Ridgefield Guild of Artists presents their 12th Annual Festive Home fundraiser event. For five weeks, the usual white-walled galleries are transformed into a magical holiday emporium filled to the... Cost: $20 (preview party on Nov 18) Free admission Nov 19-Dec 23 Where: Ridgefield Guild of Artists 34 Halpin Lane Ridgefield, CT  06877 View map » Sponsor: Ridgefield Magazine Telephone: 203.438.8863 Contact Name: Mary Pat Devine Website » More information 11:00 AM - 1:00 PMFamily Art Day: Art of Kindness Roll up your sleeves and get creative with your family at Westport Arts Center’s Family Art Day: Art of Kindness on Sunday, November 20 from 11 a.m. – 1 p.m. Children of all... Cost: $10; Adults and kids under 2 are free Where: Westport Arts Center 51 Riverside Avenue Westport, CT  06880 View map » Website » More information 12:00 PMUSB Thanksgiving Parade One of the largest helium balloon parades in the country, it features everyone's favorite giant balloon characters, award winning marching bands and fabulous floats.  Fun for the whole... Cost: Free Where: Stamford Downtown: Summer to Broad to Atlantic Streets Stamford, CT Website » More information 1:00 PM - 3:00 PMConversation and Cookies with Dorie Greenspan at sherry b dessert studio Join award-winning cookbook author, Dorie Greenspan, at sherry b dessert studio on Sunday, November 20 at 1pm for a talk, cookie tasting, refreshments and book signing of her latest cookbook,... Cost: $20.00 Where: sherry b dessert studio 65 King Street Chappaqua, NY  10514 View map » Sponsor: sherry b dessert studio Telephone: 914-238-8300 Contact Name: Jeffrey Blockinger Website » More information 2:00 PM - 3:00 PMA Century of Viennese Elegance Vincent de Luise, MD (clarinet) Melissa Westgate (cello) and Estelle McKenzie (piano), will perform a classical chamber concert, A Century of Viennese Elegance (1786-1891) under the Majestic... Cost: Free and open to the public. Where: Gunn Memorial Library 5 Wykeham Road Washington, CT  06793 View map » Website » More information 2:00 PM - 4:00 PMArtists' Talks at The Lionheart Gallery The Lionheart Gallery in Pound Ridge, N.Y., is hosting talks Sunday, November 20, by the artists whose works are being shown in current exhibits running through Jan. 2. Connecticut artist... Cost: free Where: The Lionheart Gallery 27 Westchester Avenue Pound Ridge, NY  10576 View map » Sponsor: The Lionheart Gallery Telephone: 914.764.8689 Contact Name: Susan Grissom Website » More information 3:00 PM - 6:30 PMLondon's National Theatre in HD: Hamlet Academy Award nominee Benedict Cumberbatch (BBC’s Sherlock, The Imitation Game) takes on the title role of Shakespeare’s great tragedy. As a country arms itself for war, a family... Cost: $17 Where: Mahaiwe Performing Arts Center 14 Castle Street Great Barrington, MA  01230 View map » Website » More information 3:00 PM - 4:30 PM"A Room of Her Own--Shattering the Glass Ceiling" with Prize-winning composer Hannah Lash Just a century ago, you could count on one hand the number of women composers whose works were heard in public.  As recently as the mid-19th century, Fanny Mendelssohn’s father declared... Cost: $15 includes light refreshment Where: Hudson Opera House 327 Warren St Hudson, NY  12534 View map » Sponsor: Close Encounters With Music Telephone: 180-084-30778 Contact Name: Alicia Zaludova Website » More information 4:00 PM - 6:00 PMFaulds & Wnek The Loft Gallery at The Smithy Store will host an opening reception for Connecticut artists, Ecka Blaire Faulds and Peter Wnek, on Saturday, November 19 from 4-6 pm. The reception is free and... Cost: free Where: Loft Gallery 10 Main Street Washington New Preston, CT  06777 View map » Sponsor: The Smithy Store Telephone: 860-868-9003 Contact Name: Susan Newbury Website » More information 4:00 PM - 5:30 PMPoetry Reading: Paul Muldoon On Sunday, November 20 at 4:00 pm, the Katonah Poetry Series continues its 50th Anniversary Season with a reading by Irish poet Paul Muldoon, winner of the 2002 Pulitzer Prize and poetry editor for... Cost: $10; students free Where: Katonah Village Library 26 Bedford Road Katonah, NY  10536 View map » Sponsor: Katonah Poetry Series Telephone: 914 232 3508 Contact Name: Julie Nord Website » More information 7:00 PMChita: A Legendary Celebration Join us in the lobby at 6:15pm for a tasting courtesy of The Wine Group/Benziger Family Winery! Come celebrate the one and only CHITA RIVERA in a unique solo concert event starring the... Cost: $70 Where: The Ridgefield Playhouse 80 East Ridge Road Ridgefield, CT  06877 View map » Website » More information 8:00 PM - 10:15 PMTony Award-Winning Thriller WHAT: "Sleuth," a thriller by Anthony Shaffer. Think of the perfect crime... Then go one step further. The ultimate game of cat-and-mouse is played out in a cozy English country house... Cost: $30-$55 Where: Music Theatre of Connecticut 509 Westport Ave Norwalk, CT  06851 View map » Website » More information Infinite Journey The public is invited to a reception and talk by the artist for “A Painterly Progression”, the solo show of paintings of member, Mary Louise Long, at Art/Place Gallery on Sunday,... Cost: Free Where: Art/Place Gallery 70 Sanford Street Fairfield, CT  06824 View map » Sponsor: Art/Place Gallery Telephone: 203-292-8328 Contact Name: Diane Pollack Website » More information The Great Pumpkin Blaze The tri-state area’s biggest, most electrifying Halloween event returns with more pumpkin power than ever before! Meander through an historic, 18th century riverside landscape and discover a... Cost: Adults, $20; Children 3-17, $16 (Saturdays $25, $20) FREE for children under 3 Where: Van Cortlandt Manor 525 S Riverside Ave Croton-On-Hudson, NY View map » Website » More information Her Crowd: New Art by Women from Our Neighbors’ Private Collections Only yesterday, it seems, one was hard-pressed to name more than a handful of successful women artists; now the list would be extensive, and the choices rich and varied. Although numerous recent... Cost: Varies Where: Bruce Museum 1 Museum Drive Greenwich , CT View map » Website » More information Greenwich Restaurant Week 3rd Annual Greenwich Restaurant Week returns November 11-20, 2016 There will be special events taking place at participating restaurants throughout the week including wine tastings,... Where: , CT Website » More information 14th Annual Festival of Trees Greater Danbury’s Signature Holiday Event to Fund Cancer Support! Here are just some of the events! For more details and schedule, click the link below: Taps & Trees... Cost: Admission: Adults: $10 • Children & Seniors: $5• Kids under 5: Free Where: Matrix Conference & Banquet Center EXIT 1, I-84 Danbury, CT View map » Website » More information 9:30 AM - 5:00 PMGunn Memorial Library Stairwell Gallery Exhibit Melody Asbury’s “Fur and Feathers” Exhibit Opens November 5 in Gunn Memorial Library Stairwell Gallery Reception November 5 – 12 to 2pm CONTACT:  Sharon... Cost: Free Where: Gunn Memorial Library 5 Wykeham Rd. Washington, CT  06793 View map » Sponsor: Gunn Memorial Library Telephone: 860-868-7586 Contact Name: Sharon Morrissey Website » More information 10:30 AM - 3:00 PM"Martin Kline: Painitng and Sculpture" Extended through November 26 Heather Gaudio Fine Art is pleased to extend its current exhibition “Martin Kline: Painting and Sculpture” featuring a selection Kline’s new series of white paintings... Cost: Free Where: Heather Gaudio Fine Art 66 Elm Street New Canaan, CT  06840 View map » Sponsor: Heather Gaudio Fine Art Telephone: (203)801-9590 Contact Name: Rachael Palacios Website » More information 11:00 AM - 5:00 PMExhibit Jhina ALVARADO “A brief surge of unabashed joy….” Jhina Alvarado’s paintings are nostalgic works that reside between Pop and Retro.  Her plastic images speak to a time of... Cost: free Where: Canfin Gallery 39 Main Street Tarrytown, NY  10591 View map » Sponsor: Canfin Gallery Telephone: 9143324554 Contact Name: Jean-Claude Canfin Website » More information 12:00 PM - 12:00 AMPenciled Tails- Elizabeth Wolff- Mixed Media in the Jamie Gagarin Community Room and Art Gallery Elizabeth Wolff’s family is steeped in the arts. Her father, Guy, is a world-class potter; her mother, Erica, is a “Jack of all trades” - from knitter to viol musician; her... Cost: Free Where: Oliver Wolcott Library 160 South St. Litchfield, CT  06759 View map » Sponsor: Oliver Wolcott Library Telephone: 860-567-8030 Contact Name: Tricia Messenger Website » More information 1:00 PM - 4:00 PMOpening of Antioch Exhibit This exhibit examines the 19th-century origins of this traditionally African-American congregation, as well as Antioch's growth, people, music, and ministries over its long and vibrant history... Cost: Free Where: Bedford Hills Train Station Depot Plaza Bedford Hills, NY  10507 View map » Sponsor: Bedford Hills Historical Museum Telephone: 914-806-2518 Contact Name: Ellen Cohen, Elin Peterson Website » More information Show More... Show Less... 10:00 AM - 5:00 PMTowards Abstraction The Bruce Museum in Greenwich received a significant gift of fifty black-and-white photographs by Brett Weston from the Christian Keesee Collection in 2015. These are the first images by Weston in... Cost: Museum Admission Where: Bruce Museum 1 Museum Drive Greenwich, CT  06830 View map » Website » More information 10:00 AM - 6:00 PMPrime Finds Popup Shop opens in Bantam Prime Finds “Home for the Holidays,” last year’s enormously popular pop-up shop benefiting Prime Time House, will open once again in Bantam. The store, featuring donated items for... Cost: Free after Grand Opening, which is $20. Where: 725 Bantam Road (Rte 202) Next door to Sportsmen's Bantam, CT View map » Sponsor: Prime Time House, Inc. Telephone: (860) 307-1734. Contact Name: Kathi Weinstein Website » More information 11:00 AM - 5:00 PM12th Annual Festive Home Ridgefield Guild of Artists presents their 12th Annual Festive Home fundraiser event. For five weeks, the usual white-walled galleries are transformed into a magical holiday emporium filled to the... Cost: $20 (preview party on Nov 18) Free admission Nov 19-Dec 23 Where: Ridgefield Guild of Artists 34 Halpin Lane Ridgefield, CT  06877 View map » Sponsor: Ridgefield Magazine Telephone: 203.438.8863 Contact Name: Mary Pat Devine Website » More information 4:00 PM - 6:00 PMFaulds & Wnek The Loft Gallery at The Smithy Store will host an opening reception for Connecticut artists, Ecka Blaire Faulds and Peter Wnek, on Saturday, November 19 from 4-6 pm. The reception is free and... Cost: free Where: Loft Gallery 10 Main Street Washington New Preston, CT  06777 View map » Sponsor: The Smithy Store Telephone: 860-868-9003 Contact Name: Susan Newbury Website » More information 7:00 PM - 8:00 PMCommunity Thanksgiving Celebration in Litchfield Everyone in the greater Litchfield community is welcomed to a special Thanksgiving celebration to be held at The First Congregational Church of Litchfield on Monday, November 21, at... Cost: Free Where: Congregational Church of Litchfield 21 Torrington Road Overlooking the Litchfield Green Litchfield, CT  06759 View map » Sponsor: Four Litchfield Churches Telephone: 860-567-4456 Contact Name: Jo Ann Jaacks Website » More information The Great Pumpkin Blaze The tri-state area’s biggest, most electrifying Halloween event returns with more pumpkin power than ever before! Meander through an historic, 18th century riverside landscape and discover a... Cost: Adults, $20; Children 3-17, $16 (Saturdays $25, $20) FREE for children under 3 Where: Van Cortlandt Manor 525 S Riverside Ave Croton-On-Hudson, NY View map » Website » More information Her Crowd: New Art by Women from Our Neighbors’ Private Collections Only yesterday, it seems, one was hard-pressed to name more than a handful of successful women artists; now the list would be extensive, and the choices rich and varied. Although numerous recent... Cost: Varies Where: Bruce Museum 1 Museum Drive Greenwich , CT View map » Website » More information 9:00 AM - 5:00 PM"Kismet" Exhibit at Maritime Garage Gallery Destiny/fate is the theme of the new fall exhibit “Kismet” at The City of Norwalk Parking Authority’s Maritime Garage Gallery.  “Kismet” runs now through December... Cost: Free Where: Maritime Garage Gallery 11 North Water Street Norwalk, CT  06854 View map » Sponsor: Norwalk Parking Authority Telephone: 120-383-19063 Contact Name: Maritime Garage Gallery Website » More information 9:30 AM - 5:00 PMGunn Memorial Library Stairwell Gallery Exhibit Melody Asbury’s “Fur and Feathers” Exhibit Opens November 5 in Gunn Memorial Library Stairwell Gallery Reception November 5 – 12 to 2pm CONTACT:  Sharon... Cost: Free Where: Gunn Memorial Library 5 Wykeham Rd. Washington, CT  06793 View map » Sponsor: Gunn Memorial Library Telephone: 860-868-7586 Contact Name: Sharon Morrissey Website » More information 10:00 AM - 6:00 PMPages From Pequot: Poe And Witches--Gazing At The Dark Side The exhibit will run from October 1 - December 1, 2016. It is open during normal library hours, admission is free. Opening Reception: October 8, 2016, 5pm - 7pm. View early editions by Edgar... Cost: This event is free of charge. Where: Pequot Library 720 Pequot Avenue Southport, CT  06890 View map » Sponsor: Pequot Library Telephone: (203) 259-0346 Contact Name: Pequot Library Website » More information 10:30 AM - 3:00 PM"Martin Kline: Painitng and Sculpture" Extended through November 26 Heather Gaudio Fine Art is pleased to extend its current exhibition “Martin Kline: Painting and Sculpture” featuring a selection Kline’s new series of white paintings... Cost: Free Where: Heather Gaudio Fine Art 66 Elm Street New Canaan, CT  06840 View map » Sponsor: Heather Gaudio Fine Art Telephone: (203)801-9590 Contact Name: Rachael Palacios Website » More information 11:00 AM - 5:00 PMExhibit Jhina ALVARADO “A brief surge of unabashed joy….” Jhina Alvarado’s paintings are nostalgic works that reside between Pop and Retro.  Her plastic images speak to a time of... Cost: free Where: Canfin Gallery 39 Main Street Tarrytown, NY  10591 View map » Sponsor: Canfin Gallery Telephone: 9143324554 Contact Name: Jean-Claude Canfin Website » More information 12:00 PM - 12:00 AMPenciled Tails- Elizabeth Wolff- Mixed Media in the Jamie Gagarin Community Room and Art Gallery Elizabeth Wolff’s family is steeped in the arts. Her father, Guy, is a world-class potter; her mother, Erica, is a “Jack of all trades” - from knitter to viol musician; her... Cost: Free Where: Oliver Wolcott Library 160 South St. Litchfield, CT  06759 View map » Sponsor: Oliver Wolcott Library Telephone: 860-567-8030 Contact Name: Tricia Messenger Website » More information 4:00 PM - 5:30 PMThe Lion’s Studio, Art Enrichment for Children Mondays, November 14, 21, 28 and December 5, 4pm – 5:30pm. Ages 7 – 9. Members: $90; Non-Members: $110. Click here for more information and to register:... Cost: $90-110 Where: Fairfield Museum and History Center 370 Beach Road Fairfield, CT  06824 View map » Telephone: 203-259-1598 Contact Name: Visitor Services Manager Website » More information Show More... Show Less... 10:00 AM - 5:00 PMTowards Abstraction The Bruce Museum in Greenwich received a significant gift of fifty black-and-white photographs by Brett Weston from the Christian Keesee Collection in 2015. These are the first images by Weston in... Cost: Museum Admission Where: Bruce Museum 1 Museum Drive Greenwich, CT  06830 View map » Website » More information 10:00 AM - 6:00 PMPrime Finds Popup Shop opens in Bantam Prime Finds “Home for the Holidays,” last year’s enormously popular pop-up shop benefiting Prime Time House, will open once again in Bantam. The store, featuring donated items for... Cost: Free after Grand Opening, which is $20. Where: 725 Bantam Road (Rte 202) Next door to Sportsmen's Bantam, CT View map » Sponsor: Prime Time House, Inc. Telephone: (860) 307-1734. Contact Name: Kathi Weinstein Website » More information 11:00 AM - 5:00 PM12th Annual Festive Home Ridgefield Guild of Artists presents their 12th Annual Festive Home fundraiser event. For five weeks, the usual white-walled galleries are transformed into a magical holiday emporium filled to the... Cost: $20 (preview party on Nov 18) Free admission Nov 19-Dec 23 Where: Ridgefield Guild of Artists 34 Halpin Lane Ridgefield, CT  06877 View map » Sponsor: Ridgefield Magazine Telephone: 203.438.8863 Contact Name: Mary Pat Devine Website » More information 4:00 PM - 6:00 PMFaulds & Wnek The Loft Gallery at The Smithy Store will host an opening reception for Connecticut artists, Ecka Blaire Faulds and Peter Wnek, on Saturday, November 19 from 4-6 pm. The reception is free and... Cost: free Where: Loft Gallery 10 Main Street Washington New Preston, CT  06777 View map » Sponsor: The Smithy Store Telephone: 860-868-9003 Contact Name: Susan Newbury Website » More information The Great Pumpkin Blaze The tri-state area’s biggest, most electrifying Halloween event returns with more pumpkin power than ever before! Meander through an historic, 18th century riverside landscape and discover a... Cost: Adults, $20; Children 3-17, $16 (Saturdays $25, $20) FREE for children under 3 Where: Van Cortlandt Manor 525 S Riverside Ave Croton-On-Hudson, NY View map » Website » More information Her Crowd: New Art by Women from Our Neighbors’ Private Collections Only yesterday, it seems, one was hard-pressed to name more than a handful of successful women artists; now the list would be extensive, and the choices rich and varied. Although numerous recent... Cost: Varies Where: Bruce Museum 1 Museum Drive Greenwich , CT View map » Website » More information 9:00 AM - 5:00 PM"Kismet" Exhibit at Maritime Garage Gallery Destiny/fate is the theme of the new fall exhibit “Kismet” at The City of Norwalk Parking Authority’s Maritime Garage Gallery.  “Kismet” runs now through December... Cost: Free Where: Maritime Garage Gallery 11 North Water Street Norwalk, CT  06854 View map » Sponsor: Norwalk Parking Authority Telephone: 120-383-19063 Contact Name: Maritime Garage Gallery Website » More information 9:30 AM - 5:00 PMGunn Memorial Library Stairwell Gallery Exhibit Melody Asbury’s “Fur and Feathers” Exhibit Opens November 5 in Gunn Memorial Library Stairwell Gallery Reception November 5 – 12 to 2pm CONTACT:  Sharon... Cost: Free Where: Gunn Memorial Library 5 Wykeham Rd. Washington, CT  06793 View map » Sponsor: Gunn Memorial Library Telephone: 860-868-7586 Contact Name: Sharon Morrissey Website » More information 10:00 AM - 6:00 PMPages From Pequot: Poe And Witches--Gazing At The Dark Side The exhibit will run from October 1 - December 1, 2016. It is open during normal library hours, admission is free. Opening Reception: October 8, 2016, 5pm - 7pm. View early editions by Edgar... Cost: This event is free of charge. Where: Pequot Library 720 Pequot Avenue Southport, CT  06890 View map » Sponsor: Pequot Library Telephone: (203) 259-0346 Contact Name: Pequot Library Website » More information 10:30 AM - 3:00 PM"Martin Kline: Painitng and Sculpture" Extended through November 26 Heather Gaudio Fine Art is pleased to extend its current exhibition “Martin Kline: Painting and Sculpture” featuring a selection Kline’s new series of white paintings... Cost: Free Where: Heather Gaudio Fine Art 66 Elm Street New Canaan, CT  06840 View map » Sponsor: Heather Gaudio Fine Art Telephone: (203)801-9590 Contact Name: Rachael Palacios Website » More information 11:00 AM - 5:00 PMExhibit Jhina ALVARADO “A brief surge of unabashed joy….” Jhina Alvarado’s paintings are nostalgic works that reside between Pop and Retro.  Her plastic images speak to a time of... Cost: free Where: Canfin Gallery 39 Main Street Tarrytown, NY  10591 View map » Sponsor: Canfin Gallery Telephone: 9143324554 Contact Name: Jean-Claude Canfin Website » More information 12:00 PM - 12:00 AMPenciled Tails- Elizabeth Wolff- Mixed Media in the Jamie Gagarin Community Room and Art Gallery Elizabeth Wolff’s family is steeped in the arts. Her father, Guy, is a world-class potter; her mother, Erica, is a “Jack of all trades” - from knitter to viol musician; her... Cost: Free Where: Oliver Wolcott Library 160 South St. Litchfield, CT  06759 View map » Sponsor: Oliver Wolcott Library Telephone: 860-567-8030 Contact Name: Tricia Messenger Website » More information 1:00 PM - 6:00 PMAffordable Care Act Navigator By appointment only, a trained Navigator provided by the Westchester County Dept. of Health will be available to help with choosing and signing up for health insurance under the Affordable Care Act... Cost: Free Where: Mount Kisco Public Library 100 East Main Street Mount Kisco, NY  10549 View map » Website » More information 4:30 PM - 6:30 PMHistory by Hand Ages 8 – 13. Click here for more information and to register: http://www.fairfieldhistory.org/programs-events/after-school-art-more/ Join other creative kids to learn art, design, and... Cost: Members: $110; Non-members: $125. In addition, there is a $25 supply fee. Where: Fairfield Museum and History Center 370 Beach Road Fairfield, CT  06824 View map » Telephone: 203-259-1598 Contact Name: Visitor Services Manager Website » More information 6:30 PM - 8:00 PMBerkshire Ukulele Band Tuesdays. Ages 13 and up. Multi-instrumentalist, teacher and performer Rob Sanzone will teach ukulele technique, chord progressions and songs from many musical genres. A limited number of... Cost: Free Where: Berkshire South Regional Community Center 15 Crissey Road Great Barrington , MA  01230 View map » Sponsor: Berkshire South Regional Community Center Telephone: 4135282810, ext. 31 Contact Name: Kristen Website » More information Show More... Show Less... 10:00 AM - 5:00 PMTowards Abstraction The Bruce Museum in Greenwich received a significant gift of fifty black-and-white photographs by Brett Weston from the Christian Keesee Collection in 2015. These are the first images by Weston in... Cost: Museum Admission Where: Bruce Museum 1 Museum Drive Greenwich, CT  06830 View map » Website » More information 10:00 AM - 6:00 PMPrime Finds Popup Shop opens in Bantam Prime Finds “Home for the Holidays,” last year’s enormously popular pop-up shop benefiting Prime Time House, will open once again in Bantam. The store, featuring donated items for... Cost: Free after Grand Opening, which is $20. Where: 725 Bantam Road (Rte 202) Next door to Sportsmen's Bantam, CT View map » Sponsor: Prime Time House, Inc. Telephone: (860) 307-1734. Contact Name: Kathi Weinstein Website » More information 11:00 AM - 5:00 PM12th Annual Festive Home Ridgefield Guild of Artists presents their 12th Annual Festive Home fundraiser event. For five weeks, the usual white-walled galleries are transformed into a magical holiday emporium filled to the... Cost: $20 (preview party on Nov 18) Free admission Nov 19-Dec 23 Where: Ridgefield Guild of Artists 34 Halpin Lane Ridgefield, CT  06877 View map » Sponsor: Ridgefield Magazine Telephone: 203.438.8863 Contact Name: Mary Pat Devine Website » More information 4:00 PM - 6:00 PMFaulds & Wnek The Loft Gallery at The Smithy Store will host an opening reception for Connecticut artists, Ecka Blaire Faulds and Peter Wnek, on Saturday, November 19 from 4-6 pm. The reception is free and... Cost: free Where: Loft Gallery 10 Main Street Washington New Preston, CT  06777 View map » Sponsor: The Smithy Store Telephone: 860-868-9003 Contact Name: Susan Newbury Website » More information The Great Pumpkin Blaze The tri-state area’s biggest, most electrifying Halloween event returns with more pumpkin power than ever before! Meander through an historic, 18th century riverside landscape and discover a... Cost: Adults, $20; Children 3-17, $16 (Saturdays $25, $20) FREE for children under 3 Where: Van Cortlandt Manor 525 S Riverside Ave Croton-On-Hudson, NY View map » Website » More information Her Crowd: New Art by Women from Our Neighbors’ Private Collections Only yesterday, it seems, one was hard-pressed to name more than a handful of successful women artists; now the list would be extensive, and the choices rich and varied. Although numerous recent... Cost: Varies Where: Bruce Museum 1 Museum Drive Greenwich , CT View map » Website » More information 9:00 AM - 5:00 PM"Kismet" Exhibit at Maritime Garage Gallery Destiny/fate is the theme of the new fall exhibit “Kismet” at The City of Norwalk Parking Authority’s Maritime Garage Gallery.  “Kismet” runs now through December... Cost: Free Where: Maritime Garage Gallery 11 North Water Street Norwalk, CT  06854 View map » Sponsor: Norwalk Parking Authority Telephone: 120-383-19063 Contact Name: Maritime Garage Gallery Website » More information 9:30 AM - 5:00 PMGunn Memorial Library Stairwell Gallery Exhibit Melody Asbury’s “Fur and Feathers” Exhibit Opens November 5 in Gunn Memorial Library Stairwell Gallery Reception November 5 – 12 to 2pm CONTACT:  Sharon... Cost: Free Where: Gunn Memorial Library 5 Wykeham Rd. Washington, CT  06793 View map » Sponsor: Gunn Memorial Library Telephone: 860-868-7586 Contact Name: Sharon Morrissey Website » More information 10:00 AM - 6:00 PMPages From Pequot: Poe And Witches--Gazing At The Dark Side The exhibit will run from October 1 - December 1, 2016. It is open during normal library hours, admission is free. Opening Reception: October 8, 2016, 5pm - 7pm. View early editions by Edgar... Cost: This event is free of charge. Where: Pequot Library 720 Pequot Avenue Southport, CT  06890 View map » Sponsor: Pequot Library Telephone: (203) 259-0346 Contact Name: Pequot Library Website » More information 10:30 AM - 1:30 PMSenior Benefits Information Center on Wednesdays Counselors offer older adults one-on-one counseling covering a broad range of topics including Medicare health and prescription plans, food stamps, HEAP, EPIC, weatherization, minor home repair,... Cost: Free Where: Mount Kisco Public Library 100 East Main Street Mount Kisco, NY  10549 View map » Sponsor: Mount Kisco Public Library Telephone: 914-864-0130 Contact Name: Lisa Graziadei Website » More information 10:30 AM - 3:00 PM"Martin Kline: Painitng and Sculpture" Extended through November 26 Heather Gaudio Fine Art is pleased to extend its current exhibition “Martin Kline: Painting and Sculpture” featuring a selection Kline’s new series of white paintings... Cost: Free Where: Heather Gaudio Fine Art 66 Elm Street New Canaan, CT  06840 View map » Sponsor: Heather Gaudio Fine Art Telephone: (203)801-9590 Contact Name: Rachael Palacios Website » More information 11:00 AM - 5:00 PMExhibit Jhina ALVARADO “A brief surge of unabashed joy….” Jhina Alvarado’s paintings are nostalgic works that reside between Pop and Retro.  Her plastic images speak to a time of... Cost: free Where: Canfin Gallery 39 Main Street Tarrytown, NY  10591 View map » Sponsor: Canfin Gallery Telephone: 9143324554 Contact Name: Jean-Claude Canfin Website » More information 12:00 PM - 12:00 AMPenciled Tails- Elizabeth Wolff- Mixed Media in the Jamie Gagarin Community Room and Art Gallery Elizabeth Wolff’s family is steeped in the arts. Her father, Guy, is a world-class potter; her mother, Erica, is a “Jack of all trades” - from knitter to viol musician; her... Cost: Free Where: Oliver Wolcott Library 160 South St. Litchfield, CT  06759 View map » Sponsor: Oliver Wolcott Library Telephone: 860-567-8030 Contact Name: Tricia Messenger Website » More information 7:30 PM - 9:00 PMSongwriting with Kevin Briody No musical background required – if you have a great idea and love to write songs….now is your time! Learn songwriting from Emmy-Award Winning Songwriter Kevin Briody! ... Cost: 8 weeks $240.00 Where: Ridgefield Playhouse 80 East Ridge Road Ridgefield, CT  06877 View map » Sponsor: Ridgefield Playhouse Telephone: 203-438-5795 Contact Name: Ridgefield Playhouse Website » More information Show More... Show Less... 10:00 AM - 5:00 PMTowards Abstraction The Bruce Museum in Greenwich received a significant gift of fifty black-and-white photographs by Brett Weston from the Christian Keesee Collection in 2015. These are the first images by Weston in... Cost: Museum Admission Where: Bruce Museum 1 Museum Drive Greenwich, CT  06830 View map » Website » More information 10:00 AM - 6:00 PMPrime Finds Popup Shop opens in Bantam Prime Finds “Home for the Holidays,” last year’s enormously popular pop-up shop benefiting Prime Time House, will open once again in Bantam. The store, featuring donated items for... Cost: Free after Grand Opening, which is $20. Where: 725 Bantam Road (Rte 202) Next door to Sportsmen's Bantam, CT View map » Sponsor: Prime Time House, Inc. Telephone: (860) 307-1734. Contact Name: Kathi Weinstein Website » More information 11:00 AM - 5:00 PM12th Annual Festive Home Ridgefield Guild of Artists presents their 12th Annual Festive Home fundraiser event. For five weeks, the usual white-walled galleries are transformed into a magical holiday emporium filled to the... Cost: $20 (preview party on Nov 18) Free admission Nov 19-Dec 23 Where: Ridgefield Guild of Artists 34 Halpin Lane Ridgefield, CT  06877 View map » Sponsor: Ridgefield Magazine Telephone: 203.438.8863 Contact Name: Mary Pat Devine Website » More information 4:00 PM - 6:00 PMFaulds & Wnek The Loft Gallery at The Smithy Store will host an opening reception for Connecticut artists, Ecka Blaire Faulds and Peter Wnek, on Saturday, November 19 from 4-6 pm. The reception is free and... Cost: free Where: Loft Gallery 10 Main Street Washington New Preston, CT  06777 View map » Sponsor: The Smithy Store Telephone: 860-868-9003 Contact Name: Susan Newbury Website » More information The Great Pumpkin Blaze The tri-state area’s biggest, most electrifying Halloween event returns with more pumpkin power than ever before! Meander through an historic, 18th century riverside landscape and discover a... Cost: Adults, $20; Children 3-17, $16 (Saturdays $25, $20) FREE for children under 3 Where: Van Cortlandt Manor 525 S Riverside Ave Croton-On-Hudson, NY View map » Website » More information Her Crowd: New Art by Women from Our Neighbors’ Private Collections Only yesterday, it seems, one was hard-pressed to name more than a handful of successful women artists; now the list would be extensive, and the choices rich and varied. Although numerous recent... Cost: Varies Where: Bruce Museum 1 Museum Drive Greenwich , CT View map » Website » More information 9:00 AM - 5:00 PM"Kismet" Exhibit at Maritime Garage Gallery Destiny/fate is the theme of the new fall exhibit “Kismet” at The City of Norwalk Parking Authority’s Maritime Garage Gallery.  “Kismet” runs now through December... Cost: Free Where: Maritime Garage Gallery 11 North Water Street Norwalk, CT  06854 View map » Sponsor: Norwalk Parking Authority Telephone: 120-383-19063 Contact Name: Maritime Garage Gallery Website » More information 9:30 AM - 5:00 PMGunn Memorial Library Stairwell Gallery Exhibit Melody Asbury’s “Fur and Feathers” Exhibit Opens November 5 in Gunn Memorial Library Stairwell Gallery Reception November 5 – 12 to 2pm CONTACT:  Sharon... Cost: Free Where: Gunn Memorial Library 5 Wykeham Rd. Washington, CT  06793 View map » Sponsor: Gunn Memorial Library Telephone: 860-868-7586 Contact Name: Sharon Morrissey Website » More information 10:00 AM - 6:00 PMPages From Pequot: Poe And Witches--Gazing At The Dark Side The exhibit will run from October 1 - December 1, 2016. It is open during normal library hours, admission is free. Opening Reception: October 8, 2016, 5pm - 7pm. View early editions by Edgar... Cost: This event is free of charge. Where: Pequot Library 720 Pequot Avenue Southport, CT  06890 View map » Sponsor: Pequot Library Telephone: (203) 259-0346 Contact Name: Pequot Library Website » More information 10:30 AM - 3:00 PM"Martin Kline: Painitng and Sculpture" Extended through November 26 Heather Gaudio Fine Art is pleased to extend its current exhibition “Martin Kline: Painting and Sculpture” featuring a selection Kline’s new series of white paintings... Cost: Free Where: Heather Gaudio Fine Art 66 Elm Street New Canaan, CT  06840 View map » Sponsor: Heather Gaudio Fine Art Telephone: (203)801-9590 Contact Name: Rachael Palacios Website » More information 11:00 AM - 5:00 PMExhibit Jhina ALVARADO “A brief surge of unabashed joy….” Jhina Alvarado’s paintings are nostalgic works that reside between Pop and Retro.  Her plastic images speak to a time of... Cost: free Where: Canfin Gallery 39 Main Street Tarrytown, NY  10591 View map » Sponsor: Canfin Gallery Telephone: 9143324554 Contact Name: Jean-Claude Canfin Website » More information 12:00 PM - 12:00 AMPenciled Tails- Elizabeth Wolff- Mixed Media in the Jamie Gagarin Community Room and Art Gallery Elizabeth Wolff’s family is steeped in the arts. Her father, Guy, is a world-class potter; her mother, Erica, is a “Jack of all trades” - from knitter to viol musician; her... Cost: Free Where: Oliver Wolcott Library 160 South St. Litchfield, CT  06759 View map » Sponsor: Oliver Wolcott Library Telephone: 860-567-8030 Contact Name: Tricia Messenger Website » More information 1:00 PM - 4:00 PMMahjongg Club Beginners are welcome and instruction is provided. Participants must bring their own set.   Cost: Free Where: Mount Kisco Public Library 100 East Main Street Mount Kisco, NY  10549 View map » Sponsor: Mount Kisco Public Library Telephone: 914-864-0130 Contact Name: Lisa Graziadei Website » More information 4:30 PM - 5:30 PMRead to Rover Dogs love listening to stories! Come meet "Rover" and read your favorite story. For school age children age 5 and up. Cost: Free Where: Mount Kisco Public Library 100 East Main Street Mount Kisco, NY  10549 View map » Sponsor: Mount Kisco Public Library Telephone: 914-864-0130 Contact Name: Lisa Graziadei Website » More information 00:00:00Americans at Play The New Canaan Historical Society just opened its new exhibit Americans at Play as a salute to the way people spent their leisure time in the late 1800s and early 1900s and the sporty attire that... Cost: $5 Where: The New Canaan Historical Society 13 Oenoke Ridge New Canaan, CT  06840 View map » Sponsor: The New Canaan Historical Society Telephone: 203-966-1776 Contact Name: Donna Dearth More information Show More... Show Less... 10:00 AM - 5:00 PMTowards Abstraction The Bruce Museum in Greenwich received a significant gift of fifty black-and-white photographs by Brett Weston from the Christian Keesee Collection in 2015. These are the first images by Weston in... Cost: Museum Admission Where: Bruce Museum 1 Museum Drive Greenwich, CT  06830 View map » Website » More information 10:00 AM - 6:00 PMPrime Finds Popup Shop opens in Bantam Prime Finds “Home for the Holidays,” last year’s enormously popular pop-up shop benefiting Prime Time House, will open once again in Bantam. The store, featuring donated items for... Cost: Free after Grand Opening, which is $20. Where: 725 Bantam Road (Rte 202) Next door to Sportsmen's Bantam, CT View map » Sponsor: Prime Time House, Inc. Telephone: (860) 307-1734. Contact Name: Kathi Weinstein Website » More information 11:00 AM - 5:00 PM12th Annual Festive Home Ridgefield Guild of Artists presents their 12th Annual Festive Home fundraiser event. For five weeks, the usual white-walled galleries are transformed into a magical holiday emporium filled to the... Cost: $20 (preview party on Nov 18) Free admission Nov 19-Dec 23 Where: Ridgefield Guild of Artists 34 Halpin Lane Ridgefield, CT  06877 View map » Sponsor: Ridgefield Magazine Telephone: 203.438.8863 Contact Name: Mary Pat Devine Website » More information 12:00 PM - 4:00 PMShop, Sip & Celebrate Nathan Hale Homestead 2299 South Street in Coventry Date: Fri, Nov 25th, 12:00 pm to 4:00 pm and Sat. Nov 26 noon - 4:00 pm    The Nathan Hale... Cost: free Where: Nathan Hale Homestead 2299 South Street Coventry, CT  06238 View map » Sponsor: CT Landmarks Website » More information 2:00 PM - 4:00 PMAfternoon Studios: Lighted Lanterns Join artist Alissa Siegal to design paper lanterns for the holiday season. Turn your lantern into an animal or simply add colors and materials to make your own unique work of art. Cost: Free for members or with Museum admission Where: The Aldrich Contemporary Art Museum 258 Main Street Ridgefielf, CT  06877 View map » Sponsor: The Aldrich Contemporary Art Museum Telephone: 203-438-4519 Contact Name: Emily Devoe Website » More information 4:00 PM - 6:00 PMFaulds & Wnek The Loft Gallery at The Smithy Store will host an opening reception for Connecticut artists, Ecka Blaire Faulds and Peter Wnek, on Saturday, November 19 from 4-6 pm. The reception is free and... Cost: free Where: Loft Gallery 10 Main Street Washington New Preston, CT  06777 View map » Sponsor: The Smithy Store Telephone: 860-868-9003 Contact Name: Susan Newbury Website » More information The Great Pumpkin Blaze The tri-state area’s biggest, most electrifying Halloween event returns with more pumpkin power than ever before! Meander through an historic, 18th century riverside landscape and discover a... Cost: Adults, $20; Children 3-17, $16 (Saturdays $25, $20) FREE for children under 3 Where: Van Cortlandt Manor 525 S Riverside Ave Croton-On-Hudson, NY View map » Website » More information Her Crowd: New Art by Women from Our Neighbors’ Private Collections Only yesterday, it seems, one was hard-pressed to name more than a handful of successful women artists; now the list would be extensive, and the choices rich and varied. Although numerous recent... Cost: Varies Where: Bruce Museum 1 Museum Drive Greenwich , CT View map » Website » More information 9:00 AM - 5:00 PM"Kismet" Exhibit at Maritime Garage Gallery Destiny/fate is the theme of the new fall exhibit “Kismet” at The City of Norwalk Parking Authority’s Maritime Garage Gallery.  “Kismet” runs now through December... Cost: Free Where: Maritime Garage Gallery 11 North Water Street Norwalk, CT  06854 View map » Sponsor: Norwalk Parking Authority Telephone: 120-383-19063 Contact Name: Maritime Garage Gallery Website » More information 9:00 AM - 5:00 PMBlack Friday/Saturday Book Sale 10,000 items: books and media -Most books chosen for their suitability for holiday gift-giving -Many new items; most others are gently-used  -- ideal for gifting -Easton Press,... Cost: free Where: Pequot Library 720 Pequot Avenue Southport, CT  06890 View map » Sponsor: Pequot Library Telephone: 203-259-0346 Contact Name: Pequot Library Website » More information 9:30 AM - 5:00 PMGunn Memorial Library Stairwell Gallery Exhibit Melody Asbury’s “Fur and Feathers” Exhibit Opens November 5 in Gunn Memorial Library Stairwell Gallery Reception November 5 – 12 to 2pm CONTACT:  Sharon... Cost: Free Where: Gunn Memorial Library 5 Wykeham Rd. Washington, CT  06793 View map » Sponsor: Gunn Memorial Library Telephone: 860-868-7586 Contact Name: Sharon Morrissey Website » More information 10:00 AM - 6:00 PMPages From Pequot: Poe And Witches--Gazing At The Dark Side The exhibit will run from October 1 - December 1, 2016. It is open during normal library hours, admission is free. Opening Reception: October 8, 2016, 5pm - 7pm. View early editions by Edgar... Cost: This event is free of charge. Where: Pequot Library 720 Pequot Avenue Southport, CT  06890 View map » Sponsor: Pequot Library Telephone: (203) 259-0346 Contact Name: Pequot Library Website » More information 10:30 AM - 3:00 PM"Martin Kline: Painitng and Sculpture" Extended through November 26 Heather Gaudio Fine Art is pleased to extend its current exhibition “Martin Kline: Painting and Sculpture” featuring a selection Kline’s new series of white paintings... Cost: Free Where: Heather Gaudio Fine Art 66 Elm Street New Canaan, CT  06840 View map » Sponsor: Heather Gaudio Fine Art Telephone: (203)801-9590 Contact Name: Rachael Palacios Website » More information 11:00 AM - 5:00 PMExhibit Jhina ALVARADO “A brief surge of unabashed joy….” Jhina Alvarado’s paintings are nostalgic works that reside between Pop and Retro.  Her plastic images speak to a time of... Cost: free Where: Canfin Gallery 39 Main Street Tarrytown, NY  10591 View map » Sponsor: Canfin Gallery Telephone: 9143324554 Contact Name: Jean-Claude Canfin Website » More information 12:00 PM - 12:00 AMPenciled Tails- Elizabeth Wolff- Mixed Media in the Jamie Gagarin Community Room and Art Gallery Elizabeth Wolff’s family is steeped in the arts. Her father, Guy, is a world-class potter; her mother, Erica, is a “Jack of all trades” - from knitter to viol musician; her... Cost: Free Where: Oliver Wolcott Library 160 South St. Litchfield, CT  06759 View map » Sponsor: Oliver Wolcott Library Telephone: 860-567-8030 Contact Name: Tricia Messenger Website » More information Show More... Show Less... 10:00 AM - 5:00 PMTowards Abstraction The Bruce Museum in Greenwich received a significant gift of fifty black-and-white photographs by Brett Weston from the Christian Keesee Collection in 2015. These are the first images by Weston in... Cost: Museum Admission Where: Bruce Museum 1 Museum Drive Greenwich, CT  06830 View map » Website » More information 7:00 PM - 8:30 PMThe Wizard of Oz (1939) The Mahaiwe continues its annual tradition with two screenings of The Wizard of Oz over Thanksgiving weekend. Join Dorothy and her eccentric band of friends gathered along the way across Oz, a... Cost: $7 Where: Mahaiwe Performing Arts Center 14 Castle Street Great Barrington, MA  01230 View map » More information 10:00 AM - 6:00 PMPrime Finds Popup Shop opens in Bantam Prime Finds “Home for the Holidays,” last year’s enormously popular pop-up shop benefiting Prime Time House, will open once again in Bantam. The store, featuring donated items for... Cost: Free after Grand Opening, which is $20. Where: 725 Bantam Road (Rte 202) Next door to Sportsmen's Bantam, CT View map » Sponsor: Prime Time House, Inc. Telephone: (860) 307-1734. Contact Name: Kathi Weinstein Website » More information 11:00 AM - 5:00 PM12th Annual Festive Home Ridgefield Guild of Artists presents their 12th Annual Festive Home fundraiser event. For five weeks, the usual white-walled galleries are transformed into a magical holiday emporium filled to the... Cost: $20 (preview party on Nov 18) Free admission Nov 19-Dec 23 Where: Ridgefield Guild of Artists 34 Halpin Lane Ridgefield, CT  06877 View map » Sponsor: Ridgefield Magazine Telephone: 203.438.8863 Contact Name: Mary Pat Devine Website » More information 12:00 PM - 4:00 PMShop, Sip & Celebrate Nathan Hale Homestead 2299 South Street in Coventry Date: Fri, Nov 25th, 12:00 pm to 4:00 pm and Sat. Nov 26 noon - 4:00 pm    The Nathan Hale... Cost: free Where: Nathan Hale Homestead 2299 South Street Coventry, CT  06238 View map » Sponsor: CT Landmarks Website » More information 4:00 PM - 6:00 PMFaulds & Wnek The Loft Gallery at The Smithy Store will host an opening reception for Connecticut artists, Ecka Blaire Faulds and Peter Wnek, on Saturday, November 19 from 4-6 pm. The reception is free and... Cost: free Where: Loft Gallery 10 Main Street Washington New Preston, CT  06777 View map » Sponsor: The Smithy Store Telephone: 860-868-9003 Contact Name: Susan Newbury Website » More information 4:00 PM - 5:30 PMThe Wizard of Oz (1939) The Mahaiwe continues its annual tradition with two screenings of The Wizard of Oz over Thanksgiving weekend. Join Dorothy and her eccentric band of friends gathered along the way across Oz, a... Cost: $7 Where: Mahaiwe Performing Arts Center 14 Castle Street Great Barrington, MA  01230 View map » Website » More information The Great Pumpkin Blaze The tri-state area’s biggest, most electrifying Halloween event returns with more pumpkin power than ever before! Meander through an historic, 18th century riverside landscape and discover a... Cost: Adults, $20; Children 3-17, $16 (Saturdays $25, $20) FREE for children under 3 Where: Van Cortlandt Manor 525 S Riverside Ave Croton-On-Hudson, NY View map » Website » More information Her Crowd: New Art by Women from Our Neighbors’ Private Collections Only yesterday, it seems, one was hard-pressed to name more than a handful of successful women artists; now the list would be extensive, and the choices rich and varied. Although numerous recent... Cost: Varies Where: Bruce Museum 1 Museum Drive Greenwich , CT View map » Website » More information 9:00 AM - 5:00 PMBlack Friday/Saturday Book Sale 10,000 items: books and media -Most books chosen for their suitability for holiday gift-giving -Many new items; most others are gently-used  -- ideal for gifting -Easton Press,... Cost: free Where: Pequot Library 720 Pequot Avenue Southport, CT  06890 View map » Sponsor: Pequot Library Telephone: 203-259-0346 Contact Name: Pequot Library Website » More information 9:30 AM - 5:00 PMGunn Memorial Library Stairwell Gallery Exhibit Melody Asbury’s “Fur and Feathers” Exhibit Opens November 5 in Gunn Memorial Library Stairwell Gallery Reception November 5 – 12 to 2pm CONTACT:  Sharon... Cost: Free Where: Gunn Memorial Library 5 Wykeham Rd. Washington, CT  06793 View map » Sponsor: Gunn Memorial Library Telephone: 860-868-7586 Contact Name: Sharon Morrissey Website » More information 10:00 AM - 2:00 PMBedford Hills Farmers' Market The Bedford Hills Farmers’ Market, a project of the community group Bedford Hills LIVE, is unveiling its Second Annual Winter Farmers’ Market on Saturday, November 5 beginning at 10am.... Cost: Free Where: Bedford Hills Train Station Depot Plaza Bedford Hills, NY  10507 View map » Telephone: 917.951.3588 Contact Name: Vanessa Pahucki More information 10:30 AM - 12:30 PMCreative Coloring for Adults If you’re an adult looking for a relaxing, fresh, and new activity that will help bring stress relief to your busy life, try our new coloring class which meets every Saturday from 10:30 am -... Cost: Free Where: Mount Kisco Public Library 100 East Main Street Mount Kisco, NY  10549 View map » Website » More information 10:30 AM - 3:00 PM"Martin Kline: Painitng and Sculpture" Extended through November 26 Heather Gaudio Fine Art is pleased to extend its current exhibition “Martin Kline: Painting and Sculpture” featuring a selection Kline’s new series of white paintings... Cost: Free Where: Heather Gaudio Fine Art 66 Elm Street New Canaan, CT  06840 View map » Sponsor: Heather Gaudio Fine Art Telephone: (203)801-9590 Contact Name: Rachael Palacios Website » More information 11:00 AM - 5:00 PMExhibit Jhina ALVARADO “A brief surge of unabashed joy….” Jhina Alvarado’s paintings are nostalgic works that reside between Pop and Retro.  Her plastic images speak to a time of... Cost: free Where: Canfin Gallery 39 Main Street Tarrytown, NY  10591 View map » Sponsor: Canfin Gallery Telephone: 9143324554 Contact Name: Jean-Claude Canfin Website » More information 12:00 PM - 12:00 AMPenciled Tails- Elizabeth Wolff- Mixed Media in the Jamie Gagarin Community Room and Art Gallery Elizabeth Wolff’s family is steeped in the arts. Her father, Guy, is a world-class potter; her mother, Erica, is a “Jack of all trades” - from knitter to viol musician; her... Cost: Free Where: Oliver Wolcott Library 160 South St. Litchfield, CT  06759 View map » Sponsor: Oliver Wolcott Library Telephone: 860-567-8030 Contact Name: Tricia Messenger Website » More information 2:00 PM - 4:00 PMClay Art Center Saturday Drop In Class Looking for something relaxing, creative and fun to do this Fall for the whole family. Take part in Clay Art Center’s Saturday Drop-In Clay Class, Saturdays from 2-4pm. One-time classes for... Cost: $25 Where: Clay Art Center 40 Beech Street Port Chester, NY  10573 View map » Sponsor: Clay Art Center Telephone: 914-937-2047 Contact Name: Adam Chau Website » More information Creative Coloring for Adults If you’re an adult looking for a relaxing, fresh, and new activity that will help bring stress relief to your busy life, try our new coloring class. All materials will be provided. Cost: Free Where: Mount Kisco Public Library Small Meeting Room 100 East Main St. Mount Kisco, NY  10549 View map » Telephone: 914-666-8041 Website » More information Show More... Show Less... Category: AllArtCommunityDanceEducationFamiliesFilmFoodMusicNatureOutdoorsPerforming ArtsShoppingSportsTalk/LectureBedfordBerkshireFairfieldLitchfieldRidgefieldWilton Region BedfordBerkshireFairfieldLitchfieldRidgefieldWilton View all listings » Submit an event » Edit ModuleShow Tags Edit ModuleShow Tags Menu Magazines Things To Do People Food Home & Garden Shop Outdoors Resources More Townvibe About Us Advertise Subscribe Contact Us My Account Copyright 2016. All rights reserved.
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search New iPhone 7 release date tips massive cancellation Chris Burns - Aug 24, 2016 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit This week the folks behind one of the strangest annual leaks have tipped the public off to an interesting turn of events at Apple. Of course we won’t know the full details of how Apple’s final release will take place until that fateful day arrives, but we’ve now got the best idea thus far of when this device will launch in the United States. The latest comes from celebrity voice Jimmy Lin – a dude who seems to have had accurate leaks for the past several generations (barring the most recent). This seems to be the first time we’ve seen an iPhone 7 Plus in working order – though we cannot see the display from here. Precedent suggests that Lin may have a shell of a phone – perhaps just a model used to create cases by accessory manufacturers. According to Zing quoting their local paper Phoenix, this is a fully working model. The appearance of this model coincides with a recent report on MacOtakara which suggests that Apple had considered releasing three iPhone models at once, but more recently changed their minds. That likely has to do with availability of supply, as MacRumors suggests. SEE THIS: iPhone 7 Plus Gold shown with dual-lens camera details It could very well be that Apple created two different versions of the iPhone 7 Plus and that case-makers leaking images of mockups decided to mark the slightly more impressive version with the name “Pro.” As it stands now, it would seem that iPhone 7 Plus is a name that’s far more likely. It would seem that this iPhone 7 Plus would go without the “Smart Connector” present on the iPad Pro. It’s also reported that this larger iPhone could originally have come with a 5.8-inch display, but now more likely sticks with a smaller 5.5-inch display. Much more reasonable, that is. The next Apple event – where the iPhone 7 will likely appear for the first time – has been rumored to be taking place on September 6th, 2016. This would line up very close to previous years’ iPhone launches. Release day for the devices shown would then likely be several days later – that Thursday or Friday. The photo above (amongst previous leaks) shows the iPhone 7 Plus – so suggests the Phoenix – with a dual-lens design. Have a peek at the dual-lens design we’ve seen previously in the timeline below – more details included! Story Timeline What's up with the 'deep blue' iPhone 7 rumors? iPhone 7 second speaker reportedly fake: Symmetry not stereo Latest iPhone 7 leak reveals Space Black, dual cameras, Smart Connector iPhone 7 leaked to get fast charging finally iPhone 7 dates leaked, and they're running late iPhone 7 release level leak is Apple's biggest yet Tags AppleiOSiOS 10iPhoneiPhone 7mobilePhonessmartphone Must Read Bits & Bytes The government wants to cripple your phone while driving The 5 best Black Friday gaming sales of 2016 The 8 best games for an SNES Classic Edition launch How a combined Tesla and SolarCity make sense Google doubles-down on WiFi as Apple eyes the exits Latest Headlines Three Madison Square Garden hack lessons to shop safe on Black Friday Nov 23, 2016 This cool Touch Bar app polishes MacBook Pro task-switching Nov 23, 2016 2016 is saved as Microsoft Solitaire hits iOS and Android Nov 23, 2016 The government wants to cripple your phone while driving Nov 23, 2016 Blizzard Black Friday 2016 sale includes Warcraft, Overwatch deals Nov 23, 2016 Latest Reviews 2016 Subaru WRX STI Review: Backroad Behemoth Nov 22, 2016 Huawei Mate 9 Review Nov 22, 2016 Lenovo YOGA 910 Review Nov 21, 2016 Review: Funlux Smart Wireless Mini CAM security camera Nov 18, 2016 GPD WIN Review: Mobile Windows 10 for gaming Nov 18, 2016 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Apple completely changed how Siri works and almost nobody noticed Kif Leswing Aug. 24, 2016, 1:06 PM 20,787 facebook linkedin twitter email print YouTube/Apple In summer 2014, Apple completely changed how Siri works. The secretive Cupertino, California, company adapted Siri's voice recognition to use a cutting-edge artificial-intelligence technique called neural networks and switched it over on July 30, 2014, according to an in-depth feature by Steven Levy of Backchannel. Neural networks is a type of AI inspired by the human brain that has become especially useful thanks to today's powerful computers. Before that, Siri recognized human voices using more rudimentary AI techniques that have been around for decades. It was the biggest change to Siri since it launched in 2011. And almost nobody noticed — there wasn't any press coverage beyond a few people noticing that Apple had begun hiring neural-networks experts. And to users, Siri continued to work the same. It just was better at understanding what you said. "This was one of those things where the jump was so significant that you do the test again to make sure that somebody didn't drop a decimal place," Eddy Cue, Apple's internet services boss, told Backchannel. In fact, Siri made half as many errors using the new neural network than it had before, according to Alex Acero, who leads the Siri speech team. "The error rate has been cut by a factor of two in all the languages, more than a factor of two in many cases," Acero said. Apple has been criticized recently for seemingly falling behind rivals like Alphabet, Facebook, Microsoft, and Amazon at emerging AI techniques like neural networks, which is presumably why it opened the kimono and gave Levy access to many of its top AI experts. The feature reveals several interesting facts about Apple's AI operations, including: The entire size of the "AI brain" on an iPhone is about 200 MB. Apple's buying a ton of small AI companies as acqui-hires — 20 to 30 companies a year, according to Cue. Apple has decided to use graphics processing units for its AI. Other companies like Intel and Microsoft are pushing different approaches. Apple tends not to hire established researchers for its AI efforts, instead hiring smart people and having them learn the techniques at Apple. The entire read, on Backchannel, is illuminating and worth your time » SEE ALSO: Apple is trying to fight Google's artificial intelligence with one hand tied behind its back NOW WATCH: How to choose the best cut of steak — according to Anthony Bourdain Loading video... More: Apple Siri Artificial Intelligence AI Machine Learning Eddy Cue facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Apple completely changed how Siri works and almost nobody noticed Apple completely changed how Siri works and almost nobody noticed In summer 2014, Apple completely changed how... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Here’s how Apple’s stock has performed in the five years since Tim Cook became CEO Jeff Dunn Aug. 24, 2016, 1:22 PM 3,352 facebook linkedin twitter email print More Charts   It’s been exactly five years since Tim Cook took the reins at the world’s largest tech company, and there’s been no shortage of pontificating over Apple’s current state to celebrate the occasion. The company’s stock performance, though, points to a period that’s been good, but maybe not ideal. This chart from Statista gets at the idea: Though Apple’s stock price has more than doubled since Cook took over, the company now only slightly beats the Nasdaq Composite Index. Meanwhile, shares from rival tech giants like Alphabet, Amazon, and Microsoft are all soaring a bit higher. Now, stock fluctuations can’t tell the whole story. Apple’s profits are still through the roof, and Cook has taken invaluable steps for social issues like gay rights and carbon neutrality. It’s still a massive company. But iPhone and iPad sales are fading, the Apple Watch hasn’t blown up, and revenues are down. At least lately, Apple’s stock appears to reflect that feeling. Statista SEE ALSO: Google and Facebook have a long way to go to get the rest of the world online NOW WATCH: A mysterious cloud moving 700,000 mph is going to collide with our galaxy — here's what will happen Loading video... Follow Tech Chart Of The Day and never miss an update! Get updates in your Facebook news feed. Get updates in your inbox. Privacy Policy Get updates in your inbox Subscribe to Tech Chart Of The Day and never miss an update! Privacy Policy More: Chart Of The Day Tech Apple Stock Tim Cook aapl facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Here’s how Apple’s stock has performed in the five years since Tim Cook became CEO Here’s how Apple’s stock has performed in the five years since Tim Cook became CEO It’s been exactly five years since Tim... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 Black Friday CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra Retina MacBook tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums Black Friday iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s Retina MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > U.S. Warns Apple Tax Probe in Europe Could Set 'Undesirable Precedent' Wednesday August 24, 2016 11:14 AM PDT by Joe Rossignol Just weeks before the European Commission is expected to make a decision in its landmark Apple tax probe, the U.S. Treasury department has criticized the Brussels-based body for "threatening international agreements on tax reform," and warned that a decision against the iPhone maker could "set an undesirable precedent." Apple's offices in Cork, Ireland According to Financial Times, the U.S. Treasury said the European Commission is becoming a "supranational tax authority," going beyond acceptable enforcement of competition and state aid law. The U.S. has previously called out Brussels for setting unfair and "disturbing" precedents and singling out U.S. companies. Brussels has accused Apple of sheltering tens of billions of dollars in Ireland, partly in exchange for creating jobs in the country, a deal that could be considered illegal state aid. Apple operates multiple subsidiaries in Ireland to pay significantly less tax outside of the U.S., where it earns up to two-thirds of its revenue. Apple's $64.1 billion in profits generated from 2004 to 2012 could be subject to a higher 12.5% tax rate, compared to the sub-2% it has paid in Ireland, in which case it could owe more than $8 billion in back taxes. Apple insists that it is the largest taxpayer in the world and pays every cent of tax it owes under current laws. A decision in the tax probe is expected in September or October, according to Ireland's finance minister Michael Noonan. Apple CEO Tim Cook said last month that the company would appeal any unfavorable ruling against the company. Note: Due to the political nature of the discussion regarding this topic, the discussion thread is located in our Politics, Religion, Social Issues forum. All forum members and site visitors are welcome to read and follow the thread, but posting is limited to forum members with at least 100 posts. Tags: corporate tax, European Commission, Europe, Ireland 99 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) mabaker 13 weeks ago God forbid they pay taxes like the rest of us. Rating: 19 Votes cube 13 weeks ago The EU has rules. Deal with it. Rating: 17 Votes emm386 13 weeks ago If you make billions abroad, you get taxed abroad. If you make billions at home, you get taxed at home. In a reasonable manner - of course! But a SUB-2% tax rate for one of the biggest, richest and most successful companies on the planet though is neither reasonable nor fair to your employees, who get taxed way beyond that. Rating: 15 Votes madsci954 13 weeks ago The EU has rules. Deal with it. Dear EU, This is how we deal with it. Love, The U.K. #Brexit Rating: 11 Votes rikscha 13 weeks ago Dear EU, This is how we deal with it. Love, The U.K. #Brexit Yes by running away doing nothing and taking the own economy down. Great resolution! Rating: 10 Votes Cuban Missles 13 weeks ago Apple pays ireland taxes based on the laws on the books. Nothing wrong there. EU determines Ireland passed a tax law that is against the rule. Okay then, force Ireland to change their tax law. return to the beginning - Apple pays ireland taxes based on the laws on the books. This would all seem reasonable. The only part that seems off to me is if EU says to apple that even though they paid per law, they are changing the law retroactively and now Apple owes back taxes and fines. That would be wrong IMO. Rating: 7 Votes cube 13 weeks ago Can the EU force a European country on deciding how the taxes should be structured? Honest question. Some sweetheart deals can supposedly go against EU rules. This is how the investigation is going. The EU has punished more European companies than American ones. Rating: 7 Votes bbnck 13 weeks ago Apple pays ireland taxes based on the laws on the books. Nothing wrong there. EU determines Ireland passed a tax law that is against the rule. Okay then, force Ireland to change their tax law. return to the beginning - Apple pays ireland taxes based on the laws on the books. This would all seem reasonable. The only part that seems off to me is if EU says to apple that even though they paid per law, they are changing the law retroactively and now Apple owes back taxes and fines. That would be wrong IMO. No, that's not how it works nor is that actually what might happen. The European Commission (EC) has no authority to create legislation; they only have the power to propose legislation which must be approved by the Council of the European Union and the European Parliament. What is happening here is the EC is investigating whether or not the Republic of Ireland, as a member of the EU (and therefore subject to European law), violated rules governing the exercise of state aid. Offering companies exclusive tax breaks under a special scheme can be illegal state aid depending on the circumstances. The rules are designed to prevent member states from distorting the market which can be harmful to the economy and to other companies. If the European Commission finds a member state in breach of state aid rules, EU law grants power to the European Commission to direct a member state in breach of state aid rules to recover the money it gave out (or the tax it waived). In the case of Apple, if the Republic of Ireland are found to be in breach of state aid rules, the EC can require the Irish government to recover the tax that Apple did not pay under the reduced tax rate that was illegal in the first place. So hopefully you understand by now that no new laws are being created. If you have received state aid that was given to you unlawfully, then you have to pay it back. In the case of Apple, that would be the tax it should have paid. The laws governing state aid were in place well before the Republic of Ireland agreed with Apple that it can generate profits in the country at a reduced tax rate. So there is nothing "retrospective" that could not already have been known to both parties at the time the agreement was formed. Maybe if the United States modernised its tax rules, perhaps we wouldn't be having this conversation. The reason many companies do not repatriate their cash back into the United States is because of the ridiculously high corporate tax rate. Would you accept a 35% cut to bring your income back home? No, you might opt to keep your money at a bank overseas. I'm not saying it's right what Apple are doing - they should pay more tax in the Republic of Ireland and bring a portion of their cash pile back to their home country, but comments from the U.S. Treasury pointing to the European Commission for attempting to address this problem and sending a message to other companies operating in the EU is not helpful. It can easily be misinterpreted as interfering in a matter of EU jurisdiction. Rating: 6 Votes Cuban Missles 13 weeks ago If the tax deal Ireland proposed is against EU rules, it is an erroneous application of the law, so Apple receives a tax adjustment. Normal. Yes and this interpretation is why this is a dangerous precedent to set. If a company is always at risk that they will owe back taxes because some politician decides to change the rule, companies will have a hard time estimating their cost of doing business. this will bring uncertainty and risk which means less investment as the horde cash to protect against these activities. Bad business all around. Rating: 4 Votes JustThinkin' 13 weeks ago It's called "bait and switch." When you switch right before attempting the sale, it's deception. When you do it 12 years later, it's thievery. Whatever the legal technicalities may be, this is unethical. If the EU had really cared, they should have done something 12 years ago, not try to steal $8bn from them today. Rating: 4 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 New glass-backed design rumored to lose the Home button. Front Page Stories Donald Trump Tells Tim Cook He'll Offer Apple 'Very Large Tax Cut' to Make Products in America 4 hours ago on Front Page In a recent interview with The New York Times, President-elect Donald Trump said he received phone calls from Apple CEO Tim Cook and Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates after winning the presidential... 351 comments Jony Ive Said to Be 'As Connected to Product Design as Ever' Following Speculation About His Role 5 hours ago on Front Page Over the last few days, speculation has begun brewing over the potential winding down of Jony Ive's career at Apple, where he works as the company's chief design officer. During an... 131 comments iPhone 8 to Feature All-Glass Casing in Order to Support Wireless Charging 8 hours ago on Front Page Apple will switch to an all-glass casing for next year's entire iPhone lineup in order to support wireless charging, with Pegatron being the exclusive supplier of the wireless charger. That's... 159 comments iPhone Generated Record-Breaking Share of Profits Last Quarter Despite Continued Sales Decline 17 hours ago on Front Page iPhone sales may have declined for three consecutive quarters, but the latest data from research firm Strategy Analytics suggests Apple is unsurprisingly still doing exceptionally well in the... 233 comments Apple Inks Apple Music Deal With Indian Ride-Hailing Company Ola 21 hours ago on Front Page Apple has partnered with Indian ride-sharing company Ola to make Apple Music available to customers who order a ride, reports The Los Angeles Times. Apple Music, along with services from Sony, Fynd,... 61 comments Black Friday Deals on Apps and Software for iPhone, iPad, and Mac 22 hours ago on Front Page With fewer than three days until Black Friday, a number of developers are beginning to offer deals on their apps and software. Below, we have rounded up some of the notable discounts available for... 37 comments BeatsX Release Rumors Point to December Launch Date 1 day ago on Front Page Similar to the current confusion regarding the release date of Apple's AirPods, a couple of differing launch days for the new wireless BeatsX earphones have begun sprouting up online, leading to... 99 comments DirecTV Now Supports Single Sign-on for Upcoming 'TV' App on iOS and Apple TV 2 days ago on Front Page Apple's upcoming iOS 10.2 and tvOS 10.1 updates will bring a new "TV" app where users will be able to view much of their TV and movie content from across various apps, all centrally... 62 comments • Apple Teases One-Day Black Friday Shopping Event (147) • Samsung Plans to Launch 'Jet Black' Version of Galaxy S7 in Early December (231) • Apple Says to 'Open Your Heart to Everyone' in Festive 'Frankie's Holiday' Ad (146) • Phil Schiller Says 32GB RAM on New MacBook Pro Would Have Required Battery Compromising Design (751) • Apple Ceases Development of 'AirPort' Wireless Routers as Engineers Reassigned to Other Products (1097) • Apple Launches Repair Program for iPhone 6s Devices Experiencing Unexpected Shutdowns (230) • Drake Gets Distracted While Singing Taylor Swift in New Apple Music Ad (78)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade All 3 'Infinity Blade' Games Are $0.99 for Black Friday Point and Click Adventure 'Kathy Rain' Hits the App Store Ditto Is Now Available in 'Pokemon GO', Impersonating Other Common Creatures 'Geometry Wars 3: Dimensions Evolved' Drops to Three Bucks 'Armajet' Getting Esport Buzz Even While in Beta 'Swap Sword' is a Fun Match-3 Roguelike Coming in December AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Technology News Reviews Opinion Internet security Social media Apple Google More Telegraph Technology US attacks power grab by Brussels over Apple tax probe The European Commission is investigating agreements between Apple and Ireland Credit: Reuters James Titcomb, Technology Editor 24 August 2016 • 6:23pm The US has launched a stinging attack on Brussels’ tax investigations into Apple and other companies in an escalation of the transatlantic battle over alleged EU targeting of US multinationals. In a last-ditch shot before Brussels announces the results of its lengthy investigation into Apple’s Irish tax affairs, the US Treasury accused the European Commission of trying to become a “supranational tax authority”. It claimed the EU’s attempts to reclaim tax from US companies threatened to undermine global attempts to reform tax rules, creating an “unfortunate international tax policy precedent”. It also claimed that perceived bias against American multinationals would have a “chilling effect” on investment in Europe. We are concerned that the European Commission’s State aid investigations threaten to undermine progress in this area and could create an unfortunate international tax policy precedentRobert Stack The attack is the latest sign of growing tensions over European treatment of US companies, which has seen it accuse the likes of Google and Microsoft of abusing their dominance. Brussels is now believed to be close to announcing the results of its three-year investigation into whether agreements struck between Apple and Irish tax authorities in 1991 and 2007 constitute illegal state aid. Having already said it is likely to rule against Apple, it could hit the company with a tax bill amounting to billions of dollars. Tim Cook, Apple’s chief executive, has said he will appeal an unfair ruling. US officials believe Brussels has unfairly singled out US companies in investigating alleged sweetheart deals on transfer pricing – when companies shift profits between subsidiaries in order to book them in low-tax jurisdictions. Much of Apple’s global sales are routed through Ireland, and competition authorities are concerned that this grants the company an advantage. The commission has already declared that arrangements between Fiat and Luxembourg and Starbucks and the Netherlands amount to state aid, both of which are being appealed, while it is also investigating an agreement between Amazon and Luxembourg. The European Commission said it did not target US companies Credit: Reuters The White House is concerned that if the EU were to hit multinationals with hefty tax demands it would affect American taxpayers by allowing the companies to offset them against US taxes when they repatriate offshore earnings. “The companies’ US tax liability would be reduced dollar for dollar by these recoveries,” a report commissioned by US Treasury Secretary Jack Lew said on Wednesday. “That outcome is deeply troubling, as it would effectively constitute a transfer of revenue to the EU from the US government and its taxpayers.” The report said that while there have only been three transfer pricing investigations involving US companies, further cases “may lead to a growing chilling effect on US-EU cross-border investment”. It also said attempts by the OECD group of rich nations to reform international tax laws could be damaged. “Critically, these investigations also undermine the multilateral progress made towards reducing tax avoidance,” the report said. The Treasury claims that the European Commission has moved the goalposts by changing tack on what it considers to be illegal state aid, and subsequently seeking years of back taxes under its new definition. “Such a change in course, which has required the Commission to second-guess Member State income tax determinations, was an unforeseeable departure from the status quo,” the report said. “Imposing retroactive recoveries would undermine the G20’s efforts to improve tax certainty and set an undesirable precedent for tax authorities in other countries.” The commission said that European law “applies to all companies operating in Europe” and that “there is no bias against US companies”. Follow Telegraph Science & Tech READ MORE ABOUT: USA Apple Europe Show more Technology latest 23 Nov 2016, 4:30pm Parking chaos as payment app RingGo offline across the country  23 Nov 2016, 11:24am Facebook 'prepares to suppress posts in bid to enter China' 23 Nov 2016, 11:02am How much of the UK has mobile phone coverage? EE offers to pay to help consumers find out 23 Nov 2016, 10:44am Twitter suspends account of its own chief executive Jack Dorsey 23 Nov 2016, 10:34am Battery breakthrough will let phones charge in seconds and last for a week 23 Nov 2016, 12:01am Fraudsters targeting Deliveroo customers steal hundreds of pounds of food  22 Nov 2016, 4:30pm Made.com founder steps down as chief executive as furniture retailer approaches £100m in sales 22 Nov 2016, 4:25pm From Napflix to Manbang: weird and wonderful Netflix rivals around the world 22 Nov 2016, 2:03pm Facebook Messenger scam steals passwords and hijacks accounts 22 Nov 2016, 1:05pm Facebook drone crash investigated by US safety authorities 22 Nov 2016, 11:01am iPhone video bug crashes any Apple phone - here's how to protect yourself 22 Nov 2016, 10:35am NES Classic Mini review: A retro gaming treat – if you can find one 4 21 Nov 2016, 7:33pm IBM pledges UK investment with plan to open four new data centres 21 Nov 2016, 4:31pm Panasonic invests $60m in world's first laundry-folding robot 21 Nov 2016, 12:26pm Nokia confirms it will release a smartphone next year 21 Nov 2016, 12:00pm Ofcom bars dominant BT from bidding on 4G airwaves 03:25 21 Nov 2016, 11:07am Watch how Tesla's self-driving cars see the road 02:00 21 Nov 2016, 9:37am Netflix is now available as a surgical implant - according to this creepy new Black Mirror video 02:09 21 Nov 2016, 6:00am The science behind how the internet works 20 Nov 2016, 9:15pm Comment: It isn't just Facebook - the internet creates bubbles everywhere James Titcomb Premium 01:33 20 Nov 2016, 8:23pm What is Universal Children's Day and why is Google celebrating it with a Doodle? If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2016
Accessibility survey: Please help us improve accessibility on FT.com Skip to navigation Skip to content Subscribe to the FT Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read Trump reverses course on core campaign pledges Trump vows to renounce Pacific trade deal on first day in office UK trade deal far from top priority for Canada Trump’s first day plans, EU bank crackdown and tricks of memory Matteo Renzi’s reform fails to resonate in Italy’s poor south US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Most Read Marine Le Pen looms over a Trumpian world Trump reverses course on core campaign pledges Trump vows to renounce Pacific trade deal on first day in office Donald Trump faces the reality of world trade Ex-US military chief voices concern at generals’ role under Trump Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read Citigroup tops list of global banks posing systemic risk Daimler executive removed after ‘racist rant’ in China Trump reverses course on core campaign pledges Trump’s first day plans, EU bank crackdown and tricks of memory Michael Sherwood, the man who led Goldman’s growth in Europe Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read Trump’s first day plans, EU bank crackdown and tricks of memory US equities push further into record territory What markets expect from the Autumn Statement Don’t bet on Donald Trump opening the spigots on US oil Autumn Statement set to leave UK assets facing winter winds Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read Marine Le Pen looms over a Trumpian world Italy’s referendum holds the key to the future of the euro Donald Trump faces the reality of world trade I’m leaving and I want you to join me Britons who shout loudest are not always the worst-off Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read I’m leaving and I want you to join me Entrepreneurial MBA students struggle against immigration curbs Apprenticeships are new route into legal world Law school admissions collapse continues Advice for Lucy Kellaway and other career-change teachers Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home House & Home Books Food & Drink Travel Style Arts FT Magazine Most Read In defence of my decor and picture-hanging skills Brexit: a coup by one set of public schoolboys against another Hannah Winterbourne, Britain’s highest ranking transgender soldier ‘Luxury is a bygone word’: Jonathan Anderson’s vision for Loewe Vroom with a view: across Italy in a classic car Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Search the FT Search Close Subscribe to FT.com Subscribe to read: US in last-ditch effort to quash Brussels tax demand on Apple Already a subscriber? Sign in here Newspaper + Premium Digital $ 11.77 per week * Select All the benefits of Premium Digital, plus: Free delivery to your home or office, Monday to Saturday FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle Premium Digital $ 9.75 per week * Select All the benefits of Standard Digital, plus: Unlimited access to all content Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary Exclusive emails, including a weekly email from our Editor, Lionel Barber Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Standard Digital Limited Time Offer $ 4.79 per week * Select Access to FT award winning news on desktop, mobile and tablet Personalised email briefings by industry, journalist or sector Portfolio tools to help manage your investments FastFT - market-moving news and views, 24 hours a day Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split Premium Digital Trial $ 1.00 for 4 weeks * Select For 4 weeks receive unlimited Premium digital access to the FT's trusted, award-winning business news * Terms and conditions apply Other subscription options Corporate Newspaper Only Weekend App Edition Welcome to the new FT.com. The same global insight. Faster than ever before on all your devices. View tips Take the accessibility survey Support Open in app Open in app Feedback Help Centre About Us Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services Conferences & Events Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio ePaper Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD . FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Financial Times Close International Edition UK Edition Search the FT Search Top sections Home Show more World links World World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Show more US links US US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Show more Companies links Companies Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Show more Markets links Markets fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Show more Opinion links Opinion Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Show more Work & Careers links Work & Careers Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Show more Life & Arts links Life & Arts House & Home Books Food & Drink Travel Style Arts FT Magazine Show more Personal Finance links Personal Finance Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Special Reports Science & Environment FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio ePaper Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In Return to the old FT.com Open in app Open in app
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals A running list of great iOS and macOS apps on sale this... Let’s Talk iOS 162: Staying out of the gravy trouble Best Mac Bundle: save up to 90% on Parallels, 1Password, TextExpander +... Black and white wallpapers for macOS and iOS   skip to main content skip to main menu     A fascinating look at how artificial intelligence and machine learning work at Apple By Christian Zibreg, Aug 24, 2016 Tweet 7 Comments Respected journalist Steven Levy has scored another nice exclusive with a new write-up over at Backchannel, a Wired Media Group property, giving us a rare inside look at how artificial intelligence and machine learning work at Apple. The article contains a lot of gems, with company executives Eddy Cue, Craig Federighi, Phil Schiller and Siri leads Tom Gruber and Alex Acero providing a bunch of previously unknown facts about Apple’s AI efforts, including this one: machine learning has enabled Apple to cut Siri’s error rate by a factor or two. Welcome to The Temple of Machine Learning Apple has “a lot” of engineers working on machine learning—some of which weren’t necessarily trained in the field before they joined Apple—and any results of their work are shared and readily available to other product teams within the company. “We don’t have a single centralized organization that’s the Temple of Machine Learning in Apple,” says Apple’s boss of Software Engineering, Craig Federighi. “We try to keep it close to teams that need to apply it to deliver the right user experience.” Of course some talent comes from acquisitions as Apple’s recently been buying 20 to 30 small companies a year. “We’re looking at people who have that talent but are really focused on delivering great experiences,” said Federighi. Making Siri sound more like an actual person Before we get to it, there are four aspects to Siri: Speech recognition—turning speech to text Natural language understanding—understanding what you’re saying Execution—fulfilling a query or request Response—talking back to you Although Apple was still licensing much of its speech technology for Siri from a third party (likely Nuance), that’s “due for a change,” Levy writes, as Apple explores in-house speech capabilities for the digital personal assistant. In fact, it’s deep learning that enables Siri to talk back to you more naturally while machine learning techniques smooth out recordings of individual words, making Siri responses sound more like an actual person than when it relied on Nuance. All of that also helps with bringing Siri to your favorite apps in a way that doesn’t require you to use specific language to access third-party skills on iOS 10 and macOS Sierra. Siri’s brain transplant On July 30, 2014, Siri had a brain transplant. That’s when Apple began moving Siri’s voice recognition to a neural-net based system following initial complaints from users regarding erroneously interpreted commands. They next trained the neural net for Siri using lots of data and GPUs. “We have the biggest and baddest GPU (graphics processing unit microprocessor) farm cranking all the time,” says Siri’s Alex Acero. “And we pump lots of data.” According to Acero, Siri began using machine learning to understand user intent in November 2014, and released a version with deeper learning a year later. By applying machine learning techniques such as deep neural networks (DNN), convolutional neural networks, long short-term memory units, gated recurrent units and n-grams, Apple was able to infuse Siri with deep learning and cut her error rate by a factor of two in all the languages. “That’s mostly due to deep learning and the way we have optimized it — not just the algorithm itself but in the context of the whole end-to-end product,” says Acero. The iBrain is here and with iOS 10, it’s already in your phone thanks to machine learning, artificial intelligence, the power of Apple-designed silicon and Differential Privacy techniques. The size of Apple’s user base allowed Apple to quickly train Siri. Siri’s head of advanced development, Tom Gruber, reflects: Steve Jobs said you’re going to go overnight from a pilot, an app, to a hundred million users without a beta program. All of a sudden you’re going to have users. They tell you how people say things that are relevant to your app. That was the first revolution. And then the neural networks came along. But where else does machine learning help Apple? Apple and machine learning Levy learned about other ways machine learning helps advance Apple’s products and services, here’s a food-for-though excerpt: Apple uses deep learning to detect fraud on the Apple store, to extend battery life between charges on all your devices, and to help it identify the most useful feedback from thousands of reports from its beta testers. Machine learning helps Apple choose news stories for you. It determines whether Apple Watch users are exercising or simply perambulating. It recognizes faces and locations in your photos. It figures out whether you would be better off leaving a weak Wi-Fi signal and switching to the cell network. It even knows what good filmmaking is, enabling Apple to quickly compile your snapshots and videos into a mini-movie at a touch of a button. If you were to argue that Apple’s competitors do many similar things, you’d be right. Clockwise, from upper left: Tom Gruber, Siri’s Advanced Development Head; Eddy Cue, Apple’s SVP of Internet Software and Services; and Alex Acero, Siri’s Senior Director. But, you must keep in mind that Apple’s way of providing these features also protects your privacy. In using the power of in-house designed A-series chips that power iOS devices and Differential Privacy techniques, Apple’s software is able to pull those things off directly on the device, without dumping significant user data on its servers to let the cloud do the heavy-lifting. RELATED: A closer look at Differential Privacy on iOS 10 and macOS Sierra In a rare revelation, Apple told the journalist that the dynamic cache which enables machine learning on the iPhone takes up about 200 megabytes of storage space. The system deletes older data, but the actual size of the cache depends on how much personal data is used, stuff like information about app usage, interactions with other people, neural net processing, a speech modeler, natural language event modeling and data for the neural nets that power object recognition, face recognition and scene classification in the Photos app. Here’s Apple’s marketing boss Phil Schiller: Our devices are getting so much smarter at a quicker rate, especially with our Apple-designed A- series chips. The back ends are getting so much smarter, faster, and everything we do finds some reason to be connected. This enables more and more machine learning techniques, because there is so much stuff to learn, and it’s available to [us]. These techniques are also used to power some “new things we haven’t be able to do,” he added. But it’s not just the silicon, says Federighi: It’s how many microphones we put on the device, where we place the microphones. How we tune the hardware and those mics and the software stack that does the audio processing. It’s all of those pieces in concert. It’s an incredible advantage versus those who have to build some software and then just see what happens. Apple isn’t just dipping its toes in Differential Privacy, it’s fully embracing it. “It’s a technique that will ultimately be a very Apple way of doing things as it evolves inside Apple and in the ways we make products,” said Schiller. Less visible AI-driven features Artificial intelligence is also used to improve other aspects of the iOS experience. Here are some of the examples of AI-driven features: Identifying who a caller not in your Contacts, based on their emails Populating the iOS app switcher with a shortlist of the apps you’re most likely to open next Getting reminders from appointments based on emails Surfacing a Maps location for the hotel you’ve reserved before you type it in Remembering where you parked your car Palm rejection for Apple Pencil Recognizing ‘Hey Siri’ hot word in a power-friendly way Improving QuickType keyboard suggestions And, of course, lots more. Software boss Craig Federighi listens to Siri’s speech guru Alex Acero discussing the voice recognition software at Apple headquarters. Oh, how I’d like to be a fly on that wall! “Machine learning is enabling us to say yes to some things that in past years we would have said no to,” says marketing honcho Phil Schiller. “It’s becoming embedded in the process of deciding the products we’re going to do next,” says Schiller, adding: The typical customer is going to experience deep learning on a day-to-day level that [exemplifies] what you love about an Apple product. The most exciting [instances] are so subtle that you don’t even think about it until the the third time you see it, and then you stop and say, “How is this happening?” Thanks to the article, I also learned that some of the AI code that recognizes hand-scrawled Chinese characters into text on iOS or power the new letter-by-letter Apple Watch input on watchOS 3 actually draws from Apple’s work on handwriting recognition for its failed Newton message pad in the early 1990s. The piece provides additional insights into how Apple approaches artificial intelligence and machine learning work versus its competitors. It’s a fascinating article and you’ll wholeheartedly recommended to give it a read. Source: Backchannel Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Steven Levy confirms that some of the data in Apple iBrain can be restored to a new phone “Hey Siri, send Sébastien $100 using PayPal” “Hey Siri, call Sébastien on Skype” Apple previews photo-search capabilities coming to iOS 10 via Siri app integration Related Topics AI, Apple, Artificial intelligence, Craig Federighi, Eddy Cue, iOS, iOS 10, iPad, iPhone, iPod Touch, Machine learning, News, Siri Oscar (kitsune.work) And yet still Siri is anything but impressive. Tommy lol yea google now destroys it. Christian Zibreg I agree with you in that there’s nothing easier than waive off any effort from Apple to improve their products. But I think you’re missing the point here, which is that Siri’s voice will definitely benefit from machine learning improvements in iOS 10. tariq i have an android but i use to like talking to siri and asking odd questions lol Oscar (kitsune.work) Sure she’ll get better, while all the Siri competition will become champions in the same amount of time. Agneev Mukherjee OMG Craig is überCOOL, Eddy is the King of Pop at Apple. John Smith this is so cool !!   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Microsoft brings Solitaire to iPhone and iPad This Mac app lets you switch between recently used apps via Touch Bar A running list of great iOS and macOS apps on sale this week President-elect Trump promises tax incentives for Apple to build “Made in USA” iPhones Apple could slash prices of next year’s 4.7″ and 5.5″ iPhones with legacy LCD technology   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: ClearClockView, PullOver, & more… PullOver lets you pin an app to your screen for easier multitasking Jailbreak tweaks of the week: EmojiSuggest, PasswordRecovery, & more… EmojiSuggest brings iOS 10-like emoji suggestions to the predictive keyboard WiJoin lets you know what Wi-Fi network you’re connected to iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2016. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 Black Friday CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra Retina MacBook tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums Black Friday iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s Retina MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close Apple Music's Reliance on Exclusives Coming Under Fire From Labels and Critics Wednesday August 24, 2016 10:26 am PDT by Mitchel Broussard In the wake of the much-anticipated launch of Frank Ocean's new album "Blonde," Universal Music Group CEO Lucian Grainge has sent out an email to UMG executives, saying that the company is prohibiting the practice of exclusive music streaming moving forward (via The Lefsetz Letter). The email officially ends "all future exclusives with Universal artists," meaning popular artists like Kendrick Lamar, Taylor Swift, and The Weeknd could all be affected by the change since they each belong to labels owned by UMG. The news was shared by Bob Lefsetz, a music industry analyst and critic, who penned a letter over the weekend in response to Blonde's exclusive home on Apple Music for the first two weeks of its release. Lefsetz said that the heavy reliance of streaming services on exclusive content, and how the practice is becoming increasingly normal among consumers, will ultimately hurt the industry in the long run. Halfway through, he particularly sets his sights on Apple: Because there’s a conspiracy between Apple Music and the industry to change the game, to get everybody to pay for a subscription by putting hit content behind a paywall. Apple should be investigated by the government for antitrust. How do you compete with the world’s richest company that’s got endless cash on hand? You can’t. It’d be like expecting hillbillies to get into Harvard if slots went to the highest bidder. The rich get richer and the rest of us…we’re left out, just like in America at large, [...] the usual suspects doing it for themselves have rigged the game in their favor, and now the music industry is trying to do this too. According to Lefsetz, Apple's practices not only lock off entire albums to non-subscribers, but grant greater showcase to its exclusive artists -- like the Frank Ocean-centered carousel currently in the app -- consequently hurting the chances for indie musicians to break out. He calls Ocean "complicit" in Apple's schemes, and shames "everybody else who takes money from Apple and screws fans." With exclusives popping up every few weeks over Apple Music's short fourteen-month lifespan, Kanye West even voiced frustration with the model, hoping to end the fight between Apple Music and Tidal and "let the kids have the music." Among recent artists with an exclusive Apple Music deal are Britney Spears, Frank Ocean, Katy Perry, and Drake. You can read Lefsetz's full letter here. Tag: Apple Music [ 235 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) citi 13 weeks ago But when Tidal did it, it was "OK"? Was that because they didn't have the numbers apple music has? :rolleyes: Rating: 56 Votes spiderman0616 13 weeks ago Why are the comments sections on this site always such a complete dumpster fire? Rating: 48 Votes jakeowens 13 weeks ago Isn't this how tv works? If you want to watch a show, there are a ton of them only available on one channel. In Canada we have to pay a premium to watch Game of thrones as it's only available on one streaming platform. Rating: 36 Votes CarlosQG 13 weeks ago Yeah, you tell them man! Let's also cry because Game of Thrones is an HBO-exclusive and not on Netflix as well. HBO "should be investigated by the government for antitrust", right? Rating: 28 Votes HowEver 13 weeks ago Publishers with no creativity except with regard to finance make millions off actual artists... and scream when others make money off them too. Too bad. "Exclusive" for 2 weeks? So? I won't be crying for music publishers or labels, ever. Rating: 27 Votes mantan 13 weeks ago Why are the comments sections on this site always such a complete dumpster fire? Because a lot of people will grab their Apple pom poms and blindly support Apple thinking 'they' are winning. Apple's original foray into music was great for the consumer. It brought better pricing than the old CD model. But a lot of their recent activity is more 'anti-competition' at the expense (long term and short term) of the consumer. Rating: 20 Votes 2010mini 13 weeks ago So in other words, Only the labels should be able to have exclusives like they have always done. How dare any company compete with the labels. Rating: 19 Votes Hanzu Lao 13 weeks ago Because Apple is better at this game? If others were better no-one would be complaining. As always. Rating: 17 Votes Kebabselector 13 weeks ago Video games are exclusive to certain platforms - are we getting rid of them? I don't personally like exclusives either - but its the way of various industries at the moment. Rating: 14 Votes akbarali.ch 13 weeks ago Exclusives are bad practice, not sure in all cases but this one definitely. And i don't want Apple to be associated with it. Rating: 14 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 New glass-backed design rumored to lose the Home button. More Blog Stories Microsoft Launches Classic Solitaire Game on iOS 2 hours ago on iOS Blog Microsoft today launched the "Microsoft Solitaire Collection" on iOS and Android, a package of classic Solitaire games that include Klondike, Spider, FreeCell, Pyramid, and Tripeaks. As noted... 29 comments Target to Offer 15% Off All Apple Products on Sunday and Cyber Monday 2 hours ago on iOS Blog Target has announced it will be offering 15% off all Apple products, including the iPhone and Apple Watch, online and in stores on Sunday, November 27 and Monday, November 28. The two-day Cyber... 10 comments History Between Steve Jobs and Pixar Highlighted in New Book 'To Pixar and Beyond' 2 hours ago on Mac Blog Steve Jobs' history with the now-acclaimed animation studio Pixar began in 1986 when the former Apple CEO purchased The Graphics Group, which was one third of the Computer Division of Lucasfilm,... 9 comments Google Maps Now Lets You Check How Crowded a Store is in Real Time 7 hours ago on iOS Blog Google has announced a new feature to its Search and Maps apps that enables Black Friday shoppers to know how busy a store is in real time. Dubbed "crowd control", the live feature comes... 20 comments Pebble 4.3 Update Improves Heart Rate Tracking, Adds iOS Reminders Support 9 hours ago on iOS Blog Pebble has released a new firmware for its Pebble 2 and Time-Series smartwatches that brings a faster interface, improved heart-rate tracking features and Reminders support for iOS. First off,... 7 comments T-Mobile Offers Free iPhone 7 or 7 Plus With Eligible Device Trade-In for Black Friday 1 day ago on iOS Blog T-Mobile today announced its Black Friday deals, bringing back a popular trade-in offer that will allow customers to get a free or discounted iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus when trading in an older... 46 comments Apple Opening Third Store in Paris at Marché Saint-Germain on December 3 1 day ago on Mac Blog Apple has announced it is opening a third retail store in Paris, France at Marché Saint-Germain on Saturday, December 3 at 10:00 a.m. local time. Marché Saint-Germain render based on renewal... 7 comments Creator of 'GBA4iOS' Teases New SNES, Game Boy, and Nintendo 64 iOS Emulator 'Delta' 1 day ago on iOS Blog Developer Riley Testut has begun teasing the launch of a new emulator, called "Delta," coming this December in beta form, presumably for iOS devices. On Delta's teaser site, hazy images... 26 comments • iFixit Launches New $20 Essential Electronics Toolkit for iPhone Repairs (30) • Apple Exploring Possibility of Foldable iPhone With Flexible Display (41) • Touch Bar MacBook Pro Orders Begin Shipping to European Customers (21) • Malicious Video Link Causes iOS Devices to Freeze, Requiring a Hard Reset (30) • Review: Zhiyun's Smooth II 3-Axis Gimbal Gives iPhone Video Footage Better Stability (25) • Here's Apple's New Coffee Table Book With Actual Products (62) • Twelve South Debuts 'HiRise Duet' Charging Stand for iPhone and Apple Watch (22)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade All 3 'Infinity Blade' Games Are $0.99 for Black Friday Point and Click Adventure 'Kathy Rain' Hits the App Store Ditto Is Now Available in 'Pokemon GO', Impersonating Other Common Creatures 'Geometry Wars 3: Dimensions Evolved' Drops to Three Bucks 'Armajet' Getting Esport Buzz Even While in Beta 'Swap Sword' is a Fun Match-3 Roguelike Coming in December AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
irishmirrorLoad mobile navigation News Latest News Irish News Crime Politics Education World News News OpinionExpand Sport Latest Sport Soccer GAA Golf Rugby Union UFC Other Sport Sport Opinion Fantasy FootballExpand Showbiz Lifestyle Weird News GAA Soccer Rugby Sign inSign Out facebook twitter Bingo Competitions Horoscopes Crosswords BuySell About Us Contact Us Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions How to Complain Mirror.co.uk BelfastLive.co.uk © 2016 MGN Limited Home News Irish News Cork News Apple to create 1,000 jobs as planning permission granted for expansion at European HQ in Cork This follows An Bord Pleanála giving the expansion plan the go-ahead after dismissing an appeal against the development by local residents  Share  Comments ByGordon Deegan 17:31, 24 AUG 2016 Updated17:31, 24 AUG 2016 News The apple logo (Photo: Getty)  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email Apple has received planning permission for an expansion at its European HQ in Cork that is to deliver 1,000 jobs. This follows An Bord Pleanála giving the expansion plan the go-ahead after dismissing an appeal against the development by local residents. The plan by the iPhone maker comprises a four storey office block and a 752 space car park that is planned to accommodate the additional 1,000 employees at Apple. The 1,000 workers will bring Apple’s workforce in Cork to 6,000 and in documents lodged with Cork City Council, Apple stated that the proposed new office space will enable Apple to expand its workforce at the Hollyhill site whilst also supporting its economic development objectives. Apple iPhone (Photo: Getty) Read More Thousands of tourists have been flocking to Cork's Spike Island dubbed the "Irish Alcatraz" The appeal by the local residents has thrown off Apple’s timeline for the development. It told the City Council that it planned to commence construction on the project, subject to planning, in June of this year and the proposed development to become operational during November. However, with the appeal delaying the planning process by four months, it is now likely that the new development will not come on stream until 2017 as the construction period is five months. Apple has confirmed that the construction phase will employ 200 workers. New Apple logo Read More Full emergency declared at Cork Airport as smoke reported in airplane cabin In an Environment Impact Statement (EIS) lodged by Apple with the City Council, it warned that “it is possible that if the development did not go ahead, there would be a potential serious negative impact on the local and national economy”. The EIS further warned: “Restricting the expansion of the campus could result in Apple relocating to an alternative location which could have serious implications for the economy.” The residents’ appeal was lodged by Thomas Murphy for ‘Residents of Ardcullen’ adjacent to the Apple HQ site. In the appeal, Mr Murphy stated: “We are objecting on the grounds that we are now practically living on an industrial estate, our homes being closer to the existing extension that the staff car park is to it.” Mr Murphy states: “When we were housed on this estate our homes were facing a green space. This was the case for 20 years. However, we now open our curtains and front doors to an office block and the people working inside the building are in full view and clearly visible from our homes.” Mr Murphy added: “The last extension took its toll on us and our families.” Mr Murphy said: “The plan to now build a four storey building will further diminish not just our view, but as our homes are two storey units and the proposed build is to be four storeys, this will overshadow our homes and have a very serious impact on us as residents.” Mr Murphy claimed that the proposed extension “will be too close to our homes and has the real potential to do further damage to our properties.” He claimed: “There is plenty of land to build on the opposite side of the plant and we suggest that this be utilised by Apple it extend their plant and we further ask that those charged with regenerating the area remember that we the residents have to live here.” The objection lodged by residents of Ardcullen to Cork City Council was signed by 32 residents. However, in its formal order giving the plan the go-ahead, An Bord Pleanala determined the plan would not seriously injure the visual or residential amenities of property in the vicinity, would be acceptable in terms of traffic safety and convenience and be in accordance of the Cork City Development Plan. In reaching its determination, the Board stated that it had regard to the established use and planning history on the site, to the nature, extent and design of the proposed development and to the pattern of development in the vicinity. Its inspector in the case, Pauline Fitzpatrick stated that whilst the proposal will be a prominent element in views from Ardcullen Housing Estate the proposed landscaping proposals along the affected boundaries should assist in ameliorating the impact. Read More Today's top stories McGregor could join WWE Abduction attempt of child in Donegal Joe O'Reilly "will never admit" murder Maynooth student 'may know her attacker' Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @irishmirror Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Apple Employment Cork news all Most Read Most Recent World NewsWoman may have lain dead in bedroom for months while family carried on living as normal Inside the house of horrors were a host of animals including a pair of tarantulas, rats, a rabbit, a blind cat and a three-legged sheepdog NewsMan 'raped pregnant partner after she went into labour and was crying out in pain' Hull Crown Court was told the woman had got on all fours on her bed after entering the "advanced stages" of labour when she was attacked by her partner NewsTesco shopper guilty of punching five-day-old baby in face as she slept in trolley David Hardy, 63, denied common assault after allegedly clenching his fist and striking baby Elsie Duckers inside the supermarket NewsWorld's tallest waterslide to be demolished after 10-year-old boy decapitated in freak accident Caleb Thomas Schwab died on the 168-foot-tall ride at the Schlitterbahn waterpark in August   World NewsTeenager died after jumping out of car during 'family row' and running onto busy motorway Iain Thornton, 15, got out of the car at a service station and ran down a slip road, where he was hit by an oncoming car Optical illusionsCan you work out what's wrong with this photo? Beautiful image of lakeside mountains is baffling people No, it's not been edited - and it might take you a while to get your head around this optical illusion Armed ForcesRevealed: Army bars serve the cheapest pints of beer in the country Soldiers and officers can enjoy the heavily subsidised drink at bars and canteens operated by the Defence Forces RTEPrequel video to 'man who fell over on RTE News' is FINALLY here The age old question remains, however, just who IS the unfortunate soul who slipped on ice on the RTE news FoodThe latest health fad is donkey cheese - and it's so rare Novak Djokovic has bought up entire world's supply in one yea It's the most expensive cheese in the WORLD - and in its native Serbia, the delicacy is a massive hit with not only tennis stars - but would you try it? SpidermanSpiderman's Tom Holland visits sick child in hospital - and gets totally humiliated Even movie superstars aren't immune from a withering put down Most Read Most Recent World NewsWoman may have lain dead in bedroom for months while family carried on living as normal Inside the house of horrors were a host of animals including a pair of tarantulas, rats, a rabbit, a blind cat and a three-legged sheepdog NewsMan 'raped pregnant partner after she went into labour and was crying out in pain' Hull Crown Court was told the woman had got on all fours on her bed after entering the "advanced stages" of labour when she was attacked by her partner Black FridayBoots has some serious Black Friday savings on beauty and electrical buys The leading retailer has lots of bargains in store right now. NewsTesco shopper guilty of punching five-day-old baby in face as she slept in trolley David Hardy, 63, denied common assault after allegedly clenching his fist and striking baby Elsie Duckers inside the supermarket NewsWorld's tallest waterslide to be demolished after 10-year-old boy decapitated in freak accident Caleb Thomas Schwab died on the 168-foot-tall ride at the Schlitterbahn waterpark in August   Cliff RichardSir Cliff Richard set to release his first Christmas single since sex abuse allegations were dropped The 76-year-old singer was left 'traumatised' by the experience Champions LeagueWhat channel is Arsenal vs PSG on? All you need to know ahead of the Champions League game Arsenal and Paris Saint-Germain are level on 10 points in Group A, both have already qualified for the knockout stages Champions LeagueWhat time is Arsenal vs PSG? TV information and more ahead of the Champions League game At present, both teams are on 10 points and have qualified for the knockout stages Leyton Orient FCLeyton Orient sack manager Alberto Cavasin after just seven weeks in the job A club statement read: "The club can confirm that Alberto Cavasin has been relieved of his managerial duties with immediate effect" ChristmasWill these be the top toys for Christmas 2016? Argos predicts its biggest hits for the festive season Leading retailer Argos has predicted these are the toys children will be putting on their letters to Santa ahead of Christmas 2016 Top Stories An Garda SiochanaGardai trawl through Maynooth assault victim Kym Owens' social media in bid to catch attacker Detectives are trawling through the student’s Facebook and Twitter accounts Armed ForcesRevealed: Army bars serve the cheapest pints of beer in the country Soldiers and officers can enjoy the heavily subsidised drink at bars and canteens operated by the Defence Forces SnowBookies slash the odds on a white Christmas as temperatures plummet Temperatures have been extremely cold in the last week and bookmakers are preparing for a white Christmas World NewsWoman may have lain dead in bedroom for months while family carried on living as normal Inside the house of horrors were a host of animals including a pair of tarantulas, rats, a rabbit, a blind cat and a three-legged sheepdog MortgagesCentral Bank to scrap 20% deposit rule for first time buyers The rule requires first time buyers to have a minimum of 20% deposit for a property worth more than 20% NewsTesco shopper guilty of punching five-day-old baby in face as she slept in trolley David Hardy, 63, denied common assault after allegedly clenching his fist and striking baby Elsie Duckers inside the supermarket LottoLotto jackpot heads for whopping €9.5million as West of Ireland tops Lotto prize winnings in 2016 If won, the massive jackpot will be the third highest Lotto jackpot win of 2016 KildareMaynooth pub to host fundraiser to aid brave student assault victim Kym Owens Many people praised the student bar for their gesture and asked for a collection bucket to be set up through the weekend NewsWorld's tallest waterslide to be demolished after 10-year-old boy decapitated in freak accident Caleb Thomas Schwab died on the 168-foot-tall ride at the Schlitterbahn waterpark in August   LouthLouth woman's best letter ever from US penpal of 16 years: Please be my bridesmaid! Joanne flies to States to be at close friend Kim's side and got the surprise of a lifetime on the way home Pope FrancisEnda Kenny to meet Pope Francis next week and invite him to Ireland in 2018 Head of world's Catholics has already been invited here by Irish bishops for World Meeting of Families NewsTeenager who killed civil servant he met on Grindr and posed for blood-spattered selfie jailed for 16 years Ben Bamford, 18, slashed the throat of Paul Jeffries before leaving the 52-year-old's naked dead body on his kitchen floor News Sport Lifestyle Follow us facebook twitter About Us Contact Us Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions How to Complain Mirror.co.uk BelfastLive.co.uk © 2016 MGN Limited This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
null
Login Remember me Submit a Tip Login Create Account Subscribe Follow Us Get Our App Main Top Reviews Hot Games Watch List Forums Deals BuyBack ★ TouchArcade needs your help. Click here to support us on Patreon. ★ News The Carter Crater - Can the Apple TV be Saved? Author Carter Dotson Posted On2016-08-24 12:32:52 Editorials, News, The Carter Crater Foolishly, I believed in the power of Apple TV gaming. Whoops! The number of 4th generation Apple TVs that have been sold is not known – and if it was any kind of earth-shattering amount, Apple would probably let us know. As of now, they're seen as running in 4th in the streaming device market. As well, developers informally polled have given zero indication that Apple TV is a moneymaker for them at all. There's little sign that the Apple TV, nor gaming, has done well. I was perhaps the biggest cheerleader for TV gaming, and, well, I might have bet on the wrong horse. But like a gambler who thinks that the next hand is the big score, I remain somewhat optimistic of a future where Apple TV gaming is a viable force for developers, even if there would have to be some major changes in Apple's tactics. First off, Apple has to convince people to actually buy the damn things. It turns out that Apple can't just release an intriguing product and have it sell at this point in time. That, or they just released a product with no actual market. To be honest, it's easy to see why someone wouldn't buy the Apple TV. Cheap streaming sticks like the Chromecast, Fire TV Stick, and Roku Streaming Stick exist and cost a fraction of the Apple TV. If you need advanced features like Ethernet, SPDIF audio output, 4K and HDR support, the Shield TV, Fire TV, and Roku 4 are in your orbit. Even Amazon and Roku in the cheap end of the market have the benefit of the Amazon Prime access that Amazon has restricted from Google and Apple's TV products. Heck, the 2nd and 3rd generation Apple TV models still play Netflix well enough. So, the reasons to buy an Apple TV are basically the Siri Remote, being tied into the Apple ecosystem already, and perhaps needing AirPlay? But AirPlay has its shortcomings, particularly in comparison to Google Cast where the mobile device is independent from what's being casted. Google Cast even has advanced features like high-resolution audio support, where many AirPlay devices are left to CD-quality audio. Again, Apple has created a product where there's no obvious standout feature to buy it. It's a power-user product without power-user features. And if you are a power-user wanting advanced features, the Nvidia Shield TV has been the leader there. It's not really lacking anything in terms of features or content that you can't get on Apple TV. Even on the gaming side of things, where there's plenty of controller-compatible games...and oh yeah, emulator support. Plus, there's the PC game streaming feature, and the recently-added Plex Media Server support is a killer addition. Nvidia has been supporting the Shield TV with various ports, and while it's possible these are a loss-leader for the platform, at least Nvidia is putting effort into getting content on the Shield TV. More importantly, it's a visibility factor – people considering the Shield TV know that Nvidia is going to support it. With the Apple TV, there's little visible support from Apple. Nvidia is more of a 'gamer' company, and that shows. The Android TV ecosystem has its flaws – some apps work, others kinda do for no particular reason – and it seems like there should be more hardware out there. Though, expensive streaming boxes start to get into the range of the Xbox One S in price. But still, however you shake it out, the Apple TV is in a weird, lacking middle between mass market attractiveness and appealing to power users with a more capable product. So how does Apple change their fortune? The first step is going to be getting exclusive content that can sell Apple TVs. There's word of television productions that Apple is doing, but they're playing from behind in comparison to Netflix, Hulu, and Amazon. They may have to work to convince major services to give up Apple exclusives. My hypothesis is that if they could convince ESPN to launch an HBO NOW style over-the-top service, it would be a titanic move. Perhaps not as big as it once was, with Sling having ESPN, but still. Live sports are often the big sacrifice that cord-cutters have to give up. Live sports draw massive ratings still, in part because by their nature, people can't skip them. Make a cable-free ESPN an Apple TV exclusive, and see what happens. Drawing exclusive streaming rights to some shows, or even getting live NFL games, as a way to bolster a TV service might be a good start too. But the point is that while it might not be the most consumer-friendly move, Apple needs to bolster the Apple TV userbase for their own sake. Get the users there, and I think a trickle-down effect can happen with getting people to play games on Apple TV. Hey, it worked for mobile gaming, where few people bought them specifically as gaming devices, but now Candy Crush Saga [Free] is major business. Second, Apple needs to fight in the mass market with a streaming sticket. The fact is that all their competitors in the TV box market have a budget-priced, entry-level option that work really well. Apple is completely punting on this market by not making a streaming stick that would get people in the Apple ecosystem. This doesn't preclude games from showing up on it, either – the Fire TV Stick has games and is compatible with controllers. Getting even a less-powerful mass-market box out there would be helpful to Apple's standing in the TV box market, and to the developers releasing apps. Third, I think Apple needs to break down the barriers between games and media. Apps are in a separate section from TV shows and movies on the Apple TV. Now, I'm in a weird position because I'm media and have my finger closer to the pulse with when games launch. But I will say that I rarely need to open the Apple TV App Store. The idea needs to be that when people using the Apple TV to be entertained, games need to be served up as an entertainment option. Fourth, Apple needs to cultivate the games market. This is perhaps my most outlandish idea – Apple has shown little interest in doing this in an outward way. But working to get exclusives, even timed exclusives, and making a big stink about them, perhaps by investing in intriguing indie games in exchange for limited-time exclusivity, could help. Get the Apple TV on the radar of everyone as a gaming product. Even the mobile gaming media, sparse though we may be, we have little reason to care about Apple TV gaming right now as a practice instead of as a theory. I will admit that all of these things are likely a pipe dream. The introduction of Sling at WWDC was a major warning sign that a rumored exclusive TV service wasn't happening. And rumors are abound that Eddy Cue was not good at working with studios in getting that content. And Apple, really, became a major gaming company somewhat by accident with the App Store, where they've largely reacted to trends rather than acting. But the thing that's scary for them is that it's easy to see where a future rises up where all the key players in the TV space providing the content that people want don't need Apple. Users have shown that while they'll buy into the Apple ecosystem if need be, it takes more than a fancy remote to convince them to keep buying Apple products. And ask anybody producing the content, even if they have qualms with Apple, would they rather make apps and games for the cohesive platform solutions they offer, or for the chaotic situation that is Android...or even a non-Android solution? It's quite possible that gaming's future would suffer, or that possible advances in gaming culture – even possibly the idea that you have to own a particular piece of hardware to play a game – are set to suffer because Apple can't figure out how to sell their TV boxes. And really, I can't give you a good reason to buy one, either. New iPhone Games: 'Space Marshals 2', 'Solitairica', 'Lost Maze', 'MLB 9 Innings Manager' and More 'Captain BlackHeart's Treasure' Is This Week's 'Hearthstone' Tavern Brawl Patricia Anaka They blew it by not including a game controller. If it had had a real controller, devs could have put real games on there without hamstringing them. Simply allowing games to require a controller is not enough. The controller needed to be perceived as part of the device. Even though games dominate app sales, Apple has always had some kind of weird anti-game stance, like down deep they don't really approve of people playing games. Stetch Agree. And we need console quality controlls. nini So they should have made a console? Patricia Anaka I wouldn't complain if they made a console. But I would be plenty happy with this device if it only included a controller that made it worth developing games for. The App Store is the big selling point, they don't really need to compete w/ the hardware. Alexythimia23 Erm i dont patricias post was saying they should make a console?! Lol It was just saying what should have been done off the bat....a controller to emphasise that it can be a gaming platform just like all the other company's that are already providing these things in their products. I also feel Apple really dont give a damn about taking the ios gaming market any further as it would have already happened a good long while ago. Today i purchased a 3ds xl and i was shocked at some of the android handheld gaming devices with built in controllers out there! That had dreamcast and playstation and psp emulators, for a third of the price of an iphone 6! I just wish they realised what potential they have in gaming... Stetch Games is a huuuge industry. Music, movies and games. Stetch Not necessarily. But at least make it work more like a console. Games is kind of a big deal nowadays as you already know 🙂 babaroga73 There is a shitton of games that can be easily ported and played with remote on ATV4 but isn't. Even the goddamn Angrybirds wasn't ported. Run and dash games ? Almost none. And I have a strong suspicion that the ones that were ported, didn't get any money from that. Patricia Anaka Right because playing games with that remote is painful Stetch Works pretty good with the Sonic games. Chowderbatter Disagree. Controllers have pretty much gone standard. Those who try to "innovate" just add more buttons, stick inappropriate touchpads wherever (Steam controller), or literally throw every idea ever (Nintendo) in order to appeal to everyone and instead appeal to no one. There's no room for innovation in the console/controller space. iOS is already the leading game platform on earth. Irony is you guys are at the crest of the wave and you're looking over your shoulder in envy to the debris of the past. Patricia Anaka You miss my point, I think. It doesn't need a "new" controller, it needs "a" controller. Unless a controller is bundled with the device, there's no guarantee the user will have one, and so devs can't count on it being available. Apple made this worse by (initially) not even allowing a game to require a controller, all games had to work with the stupid remote. Shot themselves in the foot at the starting line. jabbasoft Main reason I bought an atv 2 was for video streaming. Now I have a 4K tv (admittedly an abysmal Sony one..) and because the tv supports Plex (and I run a Plex server), plus great native support for Netflix, iplayer, other on demand tv services - why do I need an atv? I have an iPad, and my living room is somewhere we watch video content and when the choice of programme is dull one of us whips out out iPad and does other stuff. As a consumer product I don't get it - $30 for a streaming stick if the tv doesn't already do it, or jump to ps4/Xbox if you want gaming. Or in my case just play strategy games on iPad while the wife watches soap operas 🙂 HelperMonkey Here's an Apple TV box I would buy: -It runs iOS. -All my apps I've purchased in the AppStore can function on my TV. -It uses my Apple device as an option for a controller for games and general navigation. -It has available keyboard, mouse, and game controller support. -It has a good, bundled TV package. There. All my devices and usages linked onto one screen. This seems possible. I would spend money on that. As it is: Roku, iPad, laptop, Android phone, Television. HelperMonkey -and stick a reasonable over-the-air antenna in there, too puggsly Over the air is interesting and might be more so as apple makes their universal TVGuide. But you can get a HomeRun to convert your over the air stuff and access it directly from AppleTV. As to the rest of the above list, I have to disagree that all iOS apps make sense on AppleTV, and the ones that make sense are moving over quickly. Also, Apple will automatically make those ports available as of the new AppleTV OS. Game controller support is there, but mouse? iOS doesn't support mouse input. Keyboard will probably also make the new OS. There are already third party TV packages, pick one. The new Remote app will allow full siri remote like functionality from your iPhone/ipad. So, maybe once the new TVOS ships you should consider. http://adamsimmersive.com Adams Immersive Chicken and egg... AppleTV gaming may remain mainly a fun optional extra for iOS titles in the short term. Then, eventually, the REAL television plan Apple has in mind will probably happen (dragging the networks kicking and screaming) and then AppleTV will be a bigger deal. Apple's playing the long game, and the content owners want to make it longer—but I don't think they'll stop it entirely. It could certainly be a long while coming! But at that point, game titles become a much more tempting prospect for developers. Meanwhile, a better remote and even bundles with a controller or two could easily be done. You never know. Cheuk Seto The average consumer doesn't really know the Apple TV runs a version of iOS that supports apps and games. People around me who are iPhone or iPad users don't know or don't care for it. It is not a must-have even amongst the heavy Apple user. Siri might have its use in the living room, but something about voice command that still doesn't quite fit-in well with reality. I don't think Apple really knows how to market the hardware. It feels like they released this thing and hoped for the best. The Pool Man With TV Boxes dropping through the floor -- Apple decided to replace it's pricey Apple TV with a PRICIER Apple TV. And people wonder why it's not popular... puggsly Apple can launch AppleTV sales! Just make it a $50 add-on purchase with the purchase of the next iPhone or iPad, hell, maybe even $29. But what I want is for them to take gaming seriously and beef up performance. A series chips cost apple very little, the fact that they didn't put an A9X in the current box shows they weren't serious. Release an updated version with an over clocked A10X. It could really excite the game developers, not to mention the ability to speed everything else up. This tied in with the new universal login will allow AppleTV to become the primary input for many homes and once you get use to that, you will never go back to a cable box. DemoEvolved I went all in on Apple TV and it's a flop. That controller is sloppy and clumsy. Guess what, being the king of touch games does nothing for you when the controller is not a screen macish79 Every attempt of apple in the recent years is half assed. Like introducing controller support but not offering one themself. A controller that could easily be bundled later with the then released new ATV. Apple does not give a sh*t about gaming. Look how long a multi billion dollar company took to fix game center. Its ridiculous how Fanboys see every junk they throw at us as the second coming. Their new gaming related SDKs are horrible, their support is bad and the consumer products lack any focus at all. Hey apps is the future of tv.. thank you apple.. others do this for quite some time. @carter: your statement can't be more wrong: " Even Amazon and Roku in the cheap end of the market have the benefit of the Amazon Prime access that Amazon has restricted from Google and Apple's TV products. " Apple is the one deniying Prime access on ATV. AMZ has its app on mobile just fine but Apple is playing foul on ATV like they did with the older ATV that had selected Apps only. Apple has long lost its cutting Edge and slumped down en par with their competitors or even fell behind. There is not a single reason to buy a new ATV , except your a masochist and like to fiddle around with that horrible touch controller. Anything the overpriced ATV offers is beat by the cheaper Fire TV which even support 4K, which was a huge letdown on Apples part. Streaming is the most viable form of geting 4K content at the moment and they doped the ball last year, big time. then of course thats Apple, lets start as cheap as possible , cutting penny costing features to impose thoose as "new" glory features in the next iteration. Its a sad joke on their part and the pink glasses of the fanboys pop one by one. They have a hard time ahead competing outside of the mobile market. Sponsors Support Us Support TouchArcade on Patreon Latest Podcast Nintendo Wants HOW MUCH?! - The TouchArcade Show #273 Latest Reviews $19.99 StarStarStarStarNone Football Manager Touch 2017 Sports{post_app_devices} 2 days ago $7.99 StarStarStarStarStar Demon's Rise 2: Lords of Chaos Role PlayingUniversal 5 days ago $11.99 StarStarStarStarStar Avadon 3: The Warborn HD StrategyiPad Only 5 days ago $2.99 StarStarStarStarStar RunGunJumpGun ActionUniversal 5 days ago $4.99 StarStarStarStarStar Neon Chrome Role PlayingUniversal 6 days ago $2.99 StarStarStarStarStar YANKAI'S TRIANGLE PuzzleUniversal 6 days ago Hot Games $7.99 StarStarStarStarNone Demon's Rise 2: Lords of Chaos Role PlayingUniversal Released 2 weeks ago $4.99 StarStarStarStarStar Neon Chrome Role PlayingUniversal Released 1 week ago $6.99 StarStarStarStarStar SteamWorld Heist StrategyUniversal Released 2 weeks ago Free Space Legend : Battle for Eternity StrategyUniversal Released 5 days ago Free Super Cat Tales AdventureUniversal Released 1 week ago Free Yo to the Yo! yoyo throwing and catching SportsUniversal Released 2 days ago Game Releases Demon's Rise - Turn Based, Tactical RPG (1448) Demon's Rise 2: Lords of Chaos (by Wave Light Games) (438) Archery King (By Miniclip.com) (0) Kathy Rain (by Raw Fury) (4) Geometry Dash (by RobTop Games) [Read level request rules in 1st post!] ( ͡� ͜ʖ ͡�) (97482) Final Fantasy Tactics for iPad - (by Square Enix) (153) Estiman (by Kool2Play) (1) Feral Fury (by Skandivania Games) (221) Sky Force Reloaded (by Infinite Dreams) (1357) Captain Temporium (By Mark Hessburg) (1) SteamWorld Heist (By Image & Form) (234) Cube Knight : Battle of Camelot (By Bluehole, Inc.) (6) [PH] Evil Factory (by NEXON M Inc.) (0) Lunar Mission - A Free physics based lander game (10) Flip King (by Qwiboo Ltd) (0) Return of the Zombie King (by Chris Zukowski) (99) The Trail - A Frontier Journey (By Kongregate) (116) Yo to the Yo! yoyo throwing and catching (By Purple Pwny Studios) (11) New Game Threads Archery King (By Miniclip.com) (0) Captain Temporium (By Mark Hessburg) (1) [PH] Evil Factory (by NEXON M Inc.) (0) Kathy Rain (by Raw Fury) (4) Flip King (by Qwiboo Ltd) (0) Estiman (by Kool2Play) (1) Merge Kit (by Li Yinjian) An addictive puzzle about falling. (0) World of Dungeons (By HeroCraft) (4) Mannequin Head - Jumping Challenge (by TakeNewGames) (0) ShadowRunner - Don't Look Back! (1) Lessen (by Xi You Di Wang) (0) Gumballs & Dungeons(G&D) (1) [GAME][KIDS][FREE] Animal Cars Kids Racing Game (0) Hero Jump Quest (0) Tank Madness (mid-core Action/Strategy by indie) (0) Zabivaka (by Papa Buba Diop) (0) Baby Raccoon: Pop Balloons (By Sylok Media) (0) Mahjong3D - Shanghai Mahjong Deluxe (by YANHUA ZHAO) (4) General Discussion The Official RPG Reload Club Thread (1344) New game studio (Sauce Digital reborn) (0) Charging $4.99 or more hurt app sales? (15) Best twin stick shooter games? (5) Largest download on iOS? (4) List Of Adventure Games (Part 2) (6585) Any MMORPG suggestions for iPad? (10) Nostalgia Arcade (Top 20) (2) Hunting for TCG/CCG games (12) Rpg Gamers, I want to discuss something (1) Looking for Quality hidden object game (14) Games you keep coming back to (17) Super Mario Run- can't be that good can it? (5) Game name? (0) Hacking Themed Games (8) Best games for IPhone 6S (6) Any good Zuma-like games lately? (1) Dragonvale: Strategies/Tips (NOT an add me thread) (9053) Promo Codes 3D Gorilla Simulator on the New York City PROMO CODES (3) Promo Codes for "Entire Puzzle / Entire Puzzle HD" (1) 2 x $25 iTunes/Amazon Gift Card or PayPal Trump vs Zombies review (14) 4x $25 Paypal or Amazon Gift Card - Innotoria TD (15) $25 Paypal or iTunes giftcard contest - �SUDOKU� (18) Mahjong3D - Shanghai Mahjong Deluxe (by YANHUA ZHAO) (3) Bravo Soccer - Promo Codes (0) 3D Rottweiler Simulator Dog Life on New York Premium Promo Codes (1) 5 x $15 itunes/Amazon card (40) Ginger Roll - Cute Arcade Platform Game - Free Promo Codes Attached (12) The Adventures of Tacheman Promo Codes (12) Lucky Jackpot Vegas - Free Slots & Casino (3) One apple watch app help us be concentrated (0) [In-App Promo Codes] Ninja Jump - Spiderman version (0) 2 x $25 iTunes Gift Card or PayPal. Introducing 'Bubble Words' by Genera Games (34) 3D Jurassic Adventures Simulator Premium Promo Codes (8) 3D Pterodactyl Simulator Flight Premium Promo Codes (4) Board Game 9 - promo codes (10) Upcoming Releases It�s Full of Sparks, a frantic platform game, is looking for Beta Testers (16) Strike Team - XCOM style, Tactical RPG by Wave Light Games (65) Sticky Space - Drift in zero gravity through an asteroid field filled with lasers and (7) The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth (IT'S ****ING HAPPENING!!!) (181) Jump Or Stay (ColorBlind Studios + Umbrella) (6) Aedo Episodes - Adventure story with logic/action mix (16) [Get Wrecked] 2v2 Arena Brawler! Need Beta Testers! (9) [1st Dec] Race Yourself Free, strategic action racer (0) Survival: Scavenger - Open World Online Single/Multiplayer Crafting Survival Game (39) Castle Crusade - catapult battles - looking for testers (9) Noblemen: 1896 (Foursaken Media) - strategy + 3rd person cover based shooter (39) Tap Summoner - RPG Tower Offense battle card game Asia 2016 Winner [BETA] (68) Swipe Ride - need advice and beta testers (1) [FREE] VOXEL DEFENSE - classical TD mobile game in voxel graphic (0) Space shmup Xenoraid by 10tons coming up in December (15) Eternal Maze - A pixel Puzzle Adventure Game [BETA TEST SIGN UP] (25) Blades of Revenge - Mobile RPG Coming Soon (1) [BETA TESTER WANTED] Cavalry Charge - {Recommend u don't post yr email addresses} (83) Dev Discussion How cool would an Excitebike-like game be? (0) Promotion Live (1) Successful TA indie developers (37) Need advice and thoughts to improve the game (1) Upcoming Platform Game: Suzy Cube (105) iOS App Review Exchange (47) [Devlog] Pirates War - Ranked Mode (0) Do you develope exclusively for iOS? (22) Choosing a PR firm or a publisher? (11) Choosing an app icon? (4) Henry the Cloud: Time to shine for this little endless runner! (2) Just starting as an indie developer (0) 3dprint.com and 3ders.org features D3CRYPT3D! Stolen 3D assets NO MORE (0) NEW indie game dev support group. Giving away FREE ad space for new members! (0) Best way to capture iPhone screen as Video (10) Do developers take notice of the Apple tvOS safe area guidelines? (0) How to soft-launch in NZ / AU? (2) WhiteMobi OfferWall � monetize your non-paying users (0) Services for Trade [Released] Gravity runner template​ (6) ConSolo: The Composer II (3) Do you need graphics for Games? (60) Independent Music & Audio Talent | The Higher Eclectic Ground Thread (25) Matthew Dear - Audio Programmer/SFX & Dialog Artist/Composer (49) Professional 2D & 3D Gaming artist in Indie Prices (3) Music/Sound/Voiceover for your games! Experienced, Versatile, and Professional (7) Free Music Resource - soundimage.org (117) Experienced Game Composer for Hire | Sam Foster Sound (110) Promotional Trailer for your game (95) Music Composer (7) Illustrator/ Concept artist available for freelance work! (30) Our company can provide you the best quality trailer at a low cost. (183) WANTED: Mobile Game Trailer for our Strategy RPG Monster Chronicles (0) Free artist available!~~ (0) Freelance Sound Designer - High Quality for a Low Price (6) Royalty free sfx for entry-level games ? (0) [GAME] Word search template (16) Other Discussion Brand new PS4 for a net $174 on Friday (3) Thank you all (3) 🎉🎈🎁🎂Happy Birthday🎂🎁🎈🎉 (289) Question for Jared regarding podcast (17) Getting ads in my calendar! (2) TripMX Great Music Expedition!!! (55) What song are you guys listening to at the moment? (2904) Ios 10 and App Store delay (2) Google Quick Draw - pretty damn cool. (1) USA 2016AD election day (34) What anime are you watching? (717) What are you watching on Netflix (102) Battlefield 1 Class Questions (1) New iPhone backup question (4) recommend an old horror movie (20) Secure way to wipe an iPhone? (3) Any Other Video Game Collectors? (6) Any big time board gamers here? (16) Site Feedback Site RSS feed not updating? (20) Can TouchArcade do some regular hardware peripheral reviews? (0) Notifications (3) Patreon Page Blank? (1) TouchArcade app slows phone (3) profile pic update fails on mobile (2) Petition to require login to promo codes area (23) Request: Allow full screen button for YouTube videos (0) Remove Poll? (2) Constant Login Requests (5) Older device section (4) Looking for new recruits to join the Spam Police Force on the forums. (68) Getting email spam by developers AGAIN..no need for it!! (0) Is there a way to delete inbox/sent messages here on TA using the app? (0) Are the Popup/under Ads intentional? (0) Webkit error101 on IOS app (2) Could there be a favourite Devs section included within the Watch List? (1) Embed Youtube videos (26) Pages About Us, PR Contact, Advertise Advertising Career Opportunities - Write For TouchArcade Job Board Newest iPhone Games and Price Drops Newest iPhone Games and Price Drops - Mobile Privacy Policy / DMCA Copyright Agent Sending Promo Codes for Giveaways Support TouchArcade Advertising and Editorial Policies TouchArcade's List of iPad Games with iCade Support Upcoming Categories 360iDev (3) Accessories (89) Android (141) Apple TV (31) Apple Watch (15) Applications (167) Companion (34) Emulator (53) Internet (1) Jailbreak (20) Misc (5) Music (5) Utility (16) April Fools' Day (9) Best iPad Games (107) Best iPhone Games (120) CES (8) CES 2010 (3) Classic Reload (5) Controller Support (92) Deals (41) Developer Corner (7) Development Tools (10) E3 (145) E3 Expo 2009 (18) E3 Expo 2010 (15) E3 Expo 2010 (1) E3 Expo 2011 (13) E3 Expo 2012 (25) E3 Expo 2013 (28) E3 Expo 2014 (20) E3 Expo 2015 (20) E3 Expo 2016 (4) Editor's Notes (16) Editorials (50) The Carter Crater (25) The Fretz Zone (5) The Tasos Principle (2) Exclusives (141) Featured (1,431) First Impressions (191) Full Content (178) Game Center (2,263) Game of the Week (166) Games (10,199) Action (2,098) Adventure (977) Arcade (1,110) Augmented Reality (42) Bear Driving Simulator (4) Board (143) Card (337) Castle Defense (35) Cave-Flyer (36) Demo (4) Drawing (31) Fighting (213) First Person Shooter (146) Goat Simulators (6) Interactive Fiction (50) Just Make Crossy Road, JEEZ (5) Man-Horse Dating Simulator (1) Massive Multiplayer (MMO) (81) Maze (92) MOBA (56) Music / Rhythm (158) Pinball (84) Platform (805) Puzzle (1,537) Quiz (16) Racing (544) Retro (523) Role-Playing (1,210) Runner (179) Shooter (907) Simulation (594) Social RPG (5) Sports (391) Strategy (784) Time Management (92) Tower Defense (220) Virtual Pet (30) Wi-Fi Multiplayer (15) Word (100) GDC (311) GDC 2009 (17) GDC 2010 (18) GDC 2011 (33) GDC 2012 (44) GDC 2013 (32) GDC 2014 (32) GDC 2015 (58) GDC 2016 (67) GDC Austin (1) GDC Austin 2009 (6) GDC Online 2011 (1) Guides (166) High Score Challenge (4) Humor (3) Interview (35) Interviews (46) iPad Games (6,949) iPad Models (139) iPad (38) iPad 2 (57) iPad 3 (41) iPad 4 (10) iPad mini (12) iPad Pro (1) iPhone games (9,838) iPhone Models (138) iPhone 3G S (22) iPhone 4 (73) iPhone 4S (24) iPhone 5 (34) iPod games (74) iPod touch (5th gen) (65) iPod touch games (8,133) Mac App Store (18) Macworld|iWorld 2012 (9) News (11,761) Online Multiplayer Nights (1) Thursday (1) PAX (22) PAX Australia (13) PAX East (10) PlayStation Games (1) Podcast (370) Prices (7,633) $0.99 (1,862) $1.99 (961) $10.99 (3) $11.99 (13) $12.99 (6) $13.99 (4) $14.99 (23) $15.99 (14) $16.99 (3) $17.99 (5) $19.99 (19) $2.99 (1,025) $22.99 (1) $24.99 (2) $27.99 (1) $3.99 (330) $4.99 (857) $49.99 (1) $5.99 (144) $54.99 (1) $6.99 (289) $7.99 (107) $74.99 (2) $8.99 (21) $9.99 (246) Free (2,686) Push Notification (96) Ratings (3,268) 1 star (10) 2 stars (59) 2.5 stars (96) 3 stars (404) 3.5 stars (722) 4 stars (1,120) 4.5 stars (567) 5 stars (291) Reinstall Monday (1) Release (495) Requests (3) Review (30) Reviews (3,715) RPG Reload (135) Rumors (24) Sales (1,046) Soap Box (8) TA Plays (361) TGS 2014 (10) TGS 2016 (10) TouchArcade Free Play (4) TouchStone (75) Uncategorized (15) Universal (4,121) Upcoming Games (5,685) Updates (1,538) Web-based games (14) What Do You Think (17) WWDC (10) WWDC 2013 (7) WWDC 2009 (21) WWDC 2010 (13) WWDC 2011 (16) WWDC 2012 (17) WWDC 2015 (5) About Us "TouchArcade covers the latest games and apps for Apple's iPhone and iPod Touch. We are the largest site dedicated to iPhone and iPod Touch gaming." Promotional Codes While we now accept iTunes Promotional Codes for games, we can't guarantee that your app will be reviewed or covered. Only one promotion code is required. Feel free to send promo codes to tips@toucharcade.com. While we appreciate the promo codes, notable app pre-announcements and preview copies are also of interest to our readers. Please feel free to contact us at the same email address about these opportunities. Note: we rarely (if ever) solicit developers directly for promo codes. If you receive such an email, please contact us. Advertising We have advertising opportunities available to iPhone and iPod Touch developers. If interested, please see this page for more information: Advertise on TouchArcade Press Contact We welcome news releases, previews, screenshots and video links for existing or upcoming iPhone and iPod Games. We can't promise a personal reply but we do try to evaluate every title submitted. Please send press releases or general inquiries to tips@toucharcade.com. Copyright 2014, TouchArcade.com, LLC. iPhone Games
hypebot digital music and the music business Home D.I.Y. Music Tech Social Media Music Biz More News MusicThinkTank Never Miss A Beat! Stay Connected With Hypebot.com « YouTube Optimization For Musicians | Main | New Twitter Features Could Make Promotion More Difficult » Frank Ocean Just Proved: Direct To Fan Works, Labels Mean Less Than They Think, Exclusives Suck But Still Matter Frank Ocean has just shaken up the music industry, probably forever. His dual exclusive releases via Apple on Friday and Saturday ignited a long overdue debate about exclusive streaming releases; and hidden in the details are lessons that should be sending shockwaves through the executive suites at Universal, Sony and WMG. ______________________ Yesterday, Universal Music Group chief Lucian Grainge sent a memo to his executive team ending the practice of streaming release exclusives. His decision was caused, at least in part, by Frank Ocean's latest dual Apple Music exclusives, alongside other recent Apple and TIDAL exclusive releases by major artists. Spotify, which has long shunned exclusives calling them bad for fans, is certainly celebrating; even though Grainge will likely make exceptions when superstar artists make demands or big checks waived.  Still, Ocean and Grainge have ignited a long overdue debate over the power and the potential damage of all exclusive releases. Ocean Splits With Universal In addition to a difference of opinion over streaming, Ocean's two back to back full length releases also appear to mark a major split with Def Jam and Universal Music. Metadata attached to the release on Apple Music  show that the second release. "Blonde," is out on the artist's own indie label Boys Don’t Cry, which is not affiliated with Def Jam or parent Universal Music Group (UMG). A source familiar with the situation confirmed the split to Forbes.  So even without a major label, "Blonde" is headed for #1 in both the US and UK, according to Billboard, with 225-250,000 album equivalent streams exclusively from Apple. Just in case anyone at UMG, Sony and WMG missed the irony:  Frank Ocean's ability to connect directly with fans and press driven by social media has all but guaranteed a #1 debut on at least two continents. Yes, UMG invested millions in his marketing, but now he does need them anymore.  All that Frank Ocean needed to hit #1 was Apple and social media. __________________________________________________ Agenda For Next UMG Board Meeting 1) Direct to fan marketing and sales work. 2) When artists get big they don't need us anymore. Our value is now almost entirely on the front end of their careers.   3) Artists need Apple, Tidal and Spotify more than then need labels ...or radio. PS: Streaming income has a long tale. Reversion clauses that return ownership to artists after 5 -7 years further guarantee our demise. Related articles Lucian Grainge To Helm Universal Music Thru "at least 2020" - Full Text Of Announcement Spotify To Pay Universal Music Group $1 Billion, According To Leaked Email Universal Invests in Indie Petrol Records, Deal Includes New INXS Documentary and Records Universal reportedly outlaws streaming 'exclusives' after Frank Ocean release How Engaged Are Facebook Users? [CHART] - hypebot Warner Music Group And Vevo Reach Deal After 7 Year Impasse, YouTube Excluded [OFFICIAL] The Music Industry Says Farewell to Freemium Peter Hollens Goes From DIY To A Major Label Release And A Duet With Brian Wilson Shazaam's Top Tracks & Artists of 2014, Predictions for 2015 Bill Siddons, Jeremy Rosen Launch Roxwell Management Posted by Bruce Houghton on 08/24/2016 in D.I.Y., Indie Labels, Major Labels, Music Business, Streaming & Cloud | Permalink Comments Frank Ocean Just Proved: Direct To Fan Works, Labels Mean Less Than They Think, Exclusives Suck But Still Matter Frank Ocean has just shaken up the music industry, probably forever. His dual exclusive releases via Apple on Friday and Saturday ignited a long overdue debate about exclusive streaming releases; and hidden in the details are lessons that should be sending shockwaves through the executive suites at Universal, Sony and WMG. View the entire comment thread. Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. TOP POSTS • What Trump Presidency Means For Musicians • 10 FREE Tools For Kickstarting Your Music • 6 Big Music Tech Predictions From 20 Industry Tastemakers • 5 Tips To Help DJs Play More Of Your Music • Download Spotify Update Now To Save Your Hard Drive Recent Posts Facebook Discovers More Broken Metrics 7 Instagram/Snapchat Story Rules For Musicians CD Baby Acquires Show.co, Soundrop To Expand Artist Services, Pledges New Distribution Approach That Favors Constant Creation How Artists Can Get Their Music Played on Sirius XM, Local Radio How To Get 100K Plays On Soundcloud AM BRIEF: Vevo Works To Find Niche • Live Royalties Top $8B • A&R Power Player List • More Social Media Use Varies Widely By Age Group [INFOGRAPHIC] 5 Musicians Killing It On YouTube Facebook Music Test: Proof Fans Are Missing Updates From Their Favorite Artists How One Top Music, Entertainment Analyst Did Predicting 2016 Industry Trends Categories Ad Supported Apps & Mobile Broadcast & Satellite Conventions & Awards D.I.Y. Downloads & P2P How I Listen Indie Labels Interviews Jobs & Internships Live & Touring Major Labels Marketing More News Music 2.0 Music Biz Podcast Music Business Music Tech Music Think Tank Publishing Retail Social Media Startups Streaming & Cloud The Pitch Video See More Musician & Music Industry Resources Click Here Recent Comments Jeffrey Rubin on Facebook Music Test: Proof Fans Are Missing Updates From Their Favorite Artists smith on How Streaming Is Changing The Sound Of Pop Music Jeffrey Rubin on Busting The Myth That Artists Don't Need Record Labels And Producers Sakis Gouzonis on Busting The Myth That Artists Don't Need Record Labels And Producers KO on Spotify Relaunches Artists Site As "How To" Guide, But Stops Sharing Per Stream Payment Rates Anne Leighton on 8 Ways To Get Back To Work Post Election [Kosha Dillz] seriousgeorge on 8 Ways To Get Back To Work Post Election [Kosha Dillz] Royal T. McUnderpaid on Streaming Music: Give It Away, Give It Away, Give It Away Now [Glenn Peoples Of Pandora] Jade Downes on 3 Ways The Internet Hates Your Band The Cat Daddy on Sonicbids To Shut Down ArtistData Next Month <a href="http://finance.yahoo.com">Yahoo! Finance</a><br/><a href="http://finance.yahoo.com/q?s=AAPL">Quote for AAPL</a> SEARCH HYPEBOT More Info About & Contact Advertise On Hypebot Privacy Policy Skyline Music Affiliate Links The Hypebot Team    &nbspVIDEOS      These videos... hypebot Powered by Typepad
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. The rise of Apple CEO Tim Cook, the most powerful business leader in the world Matt Weinberger Aug. 24, 2016, 12:32 PM 70,210 facebook linkedin twitter email print Apple CEO Tim Cook.Robert Galbraith/Reuters On August 24th, 2011, Tim Cook took the job as CEO of Apple, leaving many wondering if he could fill the massive void left by his friend and mentor, Steve Jobs. Today, five years later to the day, Apple is the most valuable company in the world, and products like the iPhone continue to rule the market, leaving Cook looking pretty good. But when he was first announced for the role, he was a big question mark. He's a quiet guy who had long stayed in the background at Apple, while Jobs did the big product releases and the press tours. What a lot of people don't know is that Apple would never have gotten where it is without Cook's help early on in Jobs' reign — if not for Cook's expertise and willingness to do what needed to be done, Apple would have been sunk. Here's how Tim Cook rose through the ranks, became a major leader in the reinvention of Apple, and ended up at the helm of the most-watched company in the world.  View As: One Page Slides Timothy Donald Cook was born in Mobile, Alabama, on November 1, 1960. He grew up in nearby Robertsdale, where he went to high school. Robertsdale high school yearbook via AL.com His father, Donald Cook, was a shipyard worker. His mother, Geraldine Cook, worked at a pharmacy. Wikimedia Commons In 1982, Cook graduated from Alabama's Auburn University with a degree in industrial engineering. Auburn University In 1982, right out of Auburn, Cook joined IBM in its still new PC division — before Microsoft Windows was even a thing. He'd rise to become the director of North American fulfillment. This is a Photoshop from a clever Twitter user.@darth In 1996, Cook was misdiagnosed with multiple sclerosis, something he says made him view the world in a different way. Since then, he's been a big contributor to charity, and even does bike races for good causes. Screenshot It turns out the diagnosis was just because he'd been lugging around too much baggage — literally. Twelve years later, he left IBM and jumped into a COO role at a company called Intelligent Electronics. In 1997, he eventually landed as a vice president of corporate materials at Compaq, then one of the hottest PC manufacturers around. Reuters Meanwhile, Steve Jobs had just come into power as Apple's CEO, following the ouster of Gil Amelio. Jobs had the tough job of turning around Apple after many years of fading relevance, and went looking for fresh blood for his executive team. Reuters So Jobs approached Cook, identifying him as a strong prospect for his new Apple. Cook signed on to Apple in an initial role as the SVP of worldwide operations. Flickr/Thetaxhaven Cook would later describe their meeting: Any purely rational consideration of cost and benefits lined up in Compaq's favor, and the people who knew me best advised me to stay at Compaq ... On that day in early 1998 I listened to my intuition, not the left side of my brain or for that matter even the people who knew me best ... no more than five minutes into my initial interview with Steve, I wanted to throw caution and logic to the wind and join Apple. My intuition already knew that joining Apple was a once in a lifetime opportunity to work for the creative genius, and to be on the executive team that could resurrect a great American company. It must have been a difficult decision for Jobs. In 1997, Apple was an industry laughingstock: Michael Dell, one of Microsoft's closest partners, once said that if he were in Jobs' shoes, "I'd shut it down and give the money back to the shareholders." Mario Tama/Getty Images One of Cook's biggest early coups was closing Apple's own factories and warehouses and replacing them with contract manufacturers, meaning that devices could be made in larger quantities and get delivered faster. REUTERS/Stephane Mahe Tim Cook once said of his role: "You kind of want to manage it like you're in the dairy business. If it gets past its freshness date, you have a problem." Starting in 2005, Cook made investments that would lay the groundwork for the future of the company, including forming critical deals with manufacturers on flash memory, the computer-storage component that would form the basis for the iPhone and iPad. AP Cook's prescience meant that when competitors sought to build their own phones and tablets, they had to compete for what little factory capacity and components Apple had left behind. Thanks to Cook's management expertise, his star within the company rose rapidly. Apple was on the track toward growth and big profits, and Cook got much of the credit. Reuters/Win McNamee As his influence grew, Cook became known within the company for his no-mercy, relentless questioning style, his willingness to hold hours-long meetings until they got something right, and his propensity for sending emails at all hours and expecting answers. Getty Images/David Paul Morris In 2007, Apple introduced the iPhone, the device that would change everything. David Paul Morris/Getty Images That same year, Jobs brought Cook a little closer into the core of the business by naming him COO. At this point, Apple insiders say, he was already running much of the business, with Jobs just there to make important product decisions. Reuters/Kimberly White As COO, Cook made more appearances at public events, getting him out in front of executives, customers, partners, and investors. Getty Images/Justin Sullivan In 2009, Tim Cook was named interim CEO while Steve Jobs was on leave to manage his declining health. Jobs had been diagnosed with pancreatic cancer in 2003, and it was starting to take its toll. Getty Images/Apple In 2009, Cook actually offered Jobs a portion of his liver, since they share a rare blood type. But Jobs refused, saying, "I'll never let you do that. I'll never do that." REUTERS/Kimberly White In January 2011, Cook took over as interim CEO once again while Jobs was on medical leave. In August 2011, Jobs resigned his role to focus on his health, with the board naming Cook the permanent CEO of Apple. AP When Jobs died in October 2011, Cook had the flags of the Apple campus flown at half staff in his memory. Wikimedia Commons Cook had some big shoes to fill. The iPhone, especially, is an internationally beloved product, and Jobs is held up as one of the greatest CEOs in history. There was a lot of uncertainty over whether or not Apple could keep the momentum going under Cook. Getty Images/Kevork Djansezian Cook kept a lot of important Apple traditions alive, including appearances by rock stars like the Foo Fighters at big company events ... Reuters/Beck Diefenbach ... and Jobs' famous "one more thing" product announcements. REUTERS/Stephen Lam But things also shook up a little bit under Cook's watch. The best example is Scott Forstall, former Apple VP of iOS, who stepped down from his role in 2012. Reuters/Stephen Lam Through all of this, Cook kept, and continues to keep, his personal life under wraps. We know he enjoys hiking, cycling, and fitness, but he doesn't work out at the Apple on-campus gym, and he doesn't share many details about his home life. Getty Images/Scott Olson In 2014, though, Cook ended years of speculation by publicly announcing, in an editorial in Bloomberg Businessweek, that he was gay. That makes Cook the first openly gay CEO of a Fortune 500 company. AP And in 2015, Apple released the Apple Watch, the company's first entirely new product in the post-Jobs era. REUTERS/Robert Galbraith Today, Apple is the most valuable company in the world, worth $523 billion. Cook has an estimated net worth of $400 million, including a million shares of Apple that have yet to vest. In March 2015, Cook announced his intention to donate his fortune to charity. AP Photo/Alex Brandon In 2016, Apple had a high-profile clash with the FBI over whether or not to unlock the iPhone used by the shooter in 2015's attacks in San Bernardino, California. Apple would eventually force the FBI to back down, but it highlights the challenges in maintaining user privacy ahead. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque Meanwhile, some analysts have expressed concern that Apple has peaked, with iPhone sales only able to go downhill from here. But Cook is adamant that Apple will be around for another five years, and a long time after that -- "I want Apple to be here, you know, forever," Cook recently told Fast Company. AP SEE ALSO: It's time to take a serious look at Tim Cook's leadership of Apple More: Features Apple Tim Cook Steve Jobs facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru The rise of Apple CEO Tim Cook, the most powerful business leader in the world The rise of Apple CEO Tim Cook, the most powerful business leader in the world On August 24th, 2011, Tim Cook took the... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Menu Search the BBC Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC News News navigation Sections Find local news Home UK World Business selected Politics Tech Science Health Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability Business selected Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Business Business US criticises EU tax probes ahead of Apple ruling 25 August 2016 From the section Business Share Share this with Email Share this with Email Facebook Share this with Facebook Messenger Share this with Messenger Messenger Share this with Messenger Twitter Share this with Twitter Pinterest Share this with Pinterest WhatsApp Share this with WhatsApp Linkedin Share this with Linkedin Copy this link http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-37179785 Read more about sharing. Close share panel Image copyright Getty Images The US Treasury Department has warned the European Commission about taking action against US companies over tax avoidance allegations. The commission is investigating tax deals granted to US companies for setting up headquarters in Europe. Next month the EU is expected to deliver its decision on Apple. The company could be hit with a multi-billion pound bill for unpaid taxes. The commission said there was "no bias against US companies" in the probes. In a report published on Wednesday, the US regulator said action by Brussels would make it into a "supra-national tax authority" overriding the tax codes of its member states. It also said Brussels was using a different set of criteria to judge cases involving US companies, adding that potential penalties were "deeply troubling". Scrutiny Apple has been accused of sheltering billions of pounds in profit in the Republic of Ireland tax-free, under a deal it reached with Irish authorities. JP Morgan, an investment banker for Apple, has said the company could face a bill for $19bn (£14.3bn) in a worst-case scenario. Several companies including Apple, Amazon and Starbucks are under investigation by the European Commission over allegations of tax avoidance. Last year, the commission ruled that Starbucks and Fiat were given sweetheart tax deals in the Netherlands. The EU's executive body said it was investigating whether Apple was given special tax benefits for setting up in Ireland that were not granted to other companies, potentially violating EU state aid rules. Reconsider actions Earlier this year the US government publicly challenged the investigation by Brussels, accusing it of targeting US corporations. Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Treasury Department secretary Jack Lew In its latest move, the Treasury Department asked Brussels to reconsider its actions against several US companies including Apple, Starbucks, and Amazon. It argued penalties for these firms could have broader repercussions for cross-border taxation. "The investigations have global implications as well for the international tax system and the G20's agenda to combat [tax avoidance] while improving tax certainty to fuel growth and investment," Robert Stack, a Treasury Department deputy wrote in a blog on the agency's website. He argued that a charge from the European Commission could be considered a foreign tax credit in the US - a classification that could reduce the businesses' tax bills in the US. The Treasury Department said it was continuing to "consider potential responses should the commission continue its present course". In response the commission said it was trying to ensure EU law was applied equally to all companies operating in Europe. No selective treatment Apple has previously said that it had not had "any special tax deal with the Irish government". "We have received no selective treatment from Irish officials," the company has said. "Apple is subject to the same tax laws as scores of other international companies doing business in Ireland." The Irish finance ministry has also insisted Apple "did not receive selective treatment and there was no 'special tax rate deal'". "Ireland is confident that there is no state aid rule breach in this case and we will defend all aspects vigorously," the Department of Finance said two years ago when the European Commission announced its formal investigation. Share this story About sharing Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp Linkedin More on this story Schaeuble warns against EU 'race to bottom' over tax 6 July 2016 Apple should pay more tax, says co-founder Wozniak 22 April 2016 What is being done to tackle tax-dodging? 12 April 2016 EU to investigate Apple's tax affairs 11 June 2014 Top Stories UK economy 'resilient' despite £122bn hit Lower growth and higher debt are forecast but the chancellor says the UK economy is fit for Brexit. 23 November 2016 Man jailed for 'terrorist' murder of Jo Cox 23 November 2016 Killer guilty of murdering four men 23 November 2016 Features Dark world Why couldn't police stop Stephen Port? The man who killed Jo Cox Extremist loner who read up on murder and targeted MP Seeing the light Cancer stopped me worrying about being a perfect mum Tucking in at theatre? Should there be a ban on eating while watching stage shows? Let her go? Trump's supporters fume over Hillary U-turn Baked beans ban Which other commercials have been pulled? Orphan rescue One woman's mission to save baby elephants Video Spoils of war What do Trump voters want to happen now? Video Open wide! The town where people can't find a dentist News navigation Business Sections Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Home UK UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland Alba Wales Cymru World World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada Business selected Business Home Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Politics Politics Home Parliaments Brexit US Election 2016 Tech Science Health Education Education Home School Report Global Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability BBC News Services On your mobile On your connected tv Get news alerts Contact BBC News Explore the BBC News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2016 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Wed, Nov 23, 2016 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Cliff Taylor: US sets down big marker in European tax battle Treasury sets out Washington’s case, questioning power of the EU Commission Wed, Aug 24, 2016, 15:52 Cliff Taylor Ireland is caught right in the middle of this long-simmering row, shortly before the EU Commission is due to give its final verdict on the Apple case.         The US Treasury has just set down a big marker in the transatlantic battle over corporate tax. The publication of a White Paper on Wednesday is a clear message to Brussels of the level of concern – indeed anger – in Washington over cases taken by the EU Commission relating to the tax arrangements between US companies and EU member states. This is of crucial interest to Ireland, given the case taken by the commission over Apple’s tax treatment here. We are caught right in the middle of this row, under which Washington has just turned up the heat considerably, shortly before the commission is due to give its final verdict on the Apple case. The timing, of course, is no coincidence, and the length of time the commission has taken to reach its final verdict on Ireland and Apple is surely a sign of some nervousness about the likely reaction. The EU Commission is investigating the tax affairs of a number of major companies, many of them US-owned. It has already called for the Netherlands to recoup €30 million from Starbucks (a case facing challenge), while other big US names in the frame are Amazon and McDonald’s. US criticises Commission's stance as Apple tax ruling looms Decision on Apple tax case now expected in September - Noonan Joseph Stiglitz attacks Apple’s Irish tax regime However, there is no doubt that the Apple case is the big one, given the high-profile nature of the company and estimates that billions of euro could be involved, depending on how the decision goes. The US had already fired a number of shots, with US treasury secretary Jack Lew and EU competition commissioner Margrethe Vestager crossing swords. Lew had already written to the commission president, Jean-Claude Juncker, and Washington’s concerns have been made repeatedly clear. Now the treasury paper sets out the US case in a forthright manner. It questions the power of the EU Commission and underlines the US view that it is unfairly targeting American companies. ADVERTISEMENT The White Paper is closely argued. It says that the commission is taking a new approach here, about which US companies had no warning and where it may be going beyond its powers. Because it is a new approach, it is not reasonable to collect “ back taxes”, Washington argues, clearly with an eye on the fact that the Apple case dates back to the 1980s. There has been speculation that it could involve a message too that Apple owes Ireland billions. To add spice to this, the paper argues that US companies might be able to use this to reduce their own tax bills in America. And it underlines the US position that unilateral European action could undermine the nexus of international co-operation and tax treaties, which currently set the rules under which big companies operate. There is, of course, more than a touch of irony here, given that tax avoidance by big US companies is essentially based on US law. The US tax code allows domestic companies to hold cash offshore in the first place and avoid paying tax on it, provided it remains outside the US. US companies have stashed an estimated $2,400 billion (€2,119 billion) offshore, mainly in tax havens. This is a live issue in the presidential election, with Donald Trump proposing a major cut in US corporation tax, from 35 per cent to 15 per cent, and a 10 per cent rate applied to this money held offshore. The downside for US corporations is that the deferral provisions, which allow them to avoid paying tax once the money is earned outside the US, would end. International discussions brokered by the OECD are also examining the issue in depth, under the so-called BEPS process, although progress is slow. For the moment, Washington’s focus is on defending its turf and its companies. It has now outlined to the EU Commission just what it believes is at stake, particularly in the Apple case. The next move lies with Brussels. It is sure to confirm its initial adverse ruling against Apple, but the key question will be the terms of the decision – and whether it attempts to impose a massive bill for taxes it believes date back to the 1980s.       Topics: Cliff Taylor Donald Trump Jack Lew Margrethe Vestager Amazon Apple Google McDonalds Starbucks Washington(US) Read More Cantillon: Lew intervention hints at Apple tax case endgame Tim Cook meets Vestager as Apple tax decision looms Ireland likely to face censure over Apple tax Apple tax criticism is ‘political crap’ - Tim Cook Apple denies ‘special tax deal’ with Irish Government Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Commercial Property Solicitor entitled to damages in Anglo case Technology Clever cube makes for easier shared viewing English Soccer Ex-England player David White reveals sexual abuse by coach Economy Trump has done what he said he would do on Pacific trade deal Sponsored A bank-beating foreign exchange proposition How ‘nudge theory’ can improve pension provision Black Friday: what is it and how to prepare for it Send an AdMailer Christmas card and help a homeless charity ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE GO BACK The account details entered are not currently associated with an Irish Times subscription. Please subscribe to sign in to comment. Comment Sign In I agree to the Terms & Conditions, community standards and Privacy Policy SIGN IN Forgot password? Thank you You should receive instructions for resetting your password. When you have reset your password, you can Sign In. Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Screen Name Selection Hello Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Only letters, numbers, periods and hyphens are allowed in screen names. CONFIRM Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE Forgot Password Please enter your email address so we can send you a link to reset your password. SUBMIT Sign In Your Comments Sign In Sign Out We reserve the right to remove any content at any time from this Community, including without limitation if it violates the Community Standards. We ask that you report content that you in good faith believe violates the above rules by clicking the Flag link next to the offending comment or by filling out this form. New comments are only accepted for 3 days from the date of publication. Latest Business WRC asks Cityjet pilots to defer strike 18:11 Central Bank mortgage rule change: What it means for you 17:35 UK chancellor Philip Hammond maps out post-Brexit future 17:23 Solicitor entitled to damages in Anglo case 15:38 Organisations set to increase IT spend, survey shows 15:18 ADVERTISEMENT Most Read in Business 1 First-time buyer deposits cut to 10% as Central Bank eases mortgage rules 2 Central Bank mortgage rule change: What it means for you 3 What to do in your 20s/30s...if you don’t want to be broke in your 60s 4 Solicitor entitled to damages in Anglo case 5 Loosening of mortgage rules will push up house prices, says Davy 6 Shocking revelations at Rush Credit Union are just the start 7 UK chancellor Philip Hammond maps out post-Brexit future 8 Vulture funds hit by political cave-in on tax reprieve 9 Sorry millennials: Buying a home was just as hard for your parents 10 Michael Noonan says ‘brass-plate operations’ will not be welcome Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Dating Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper eBooks Subscriber Rewards IT Sunday Email Newsletters Breaking news app My Account Newspaper Archive Crossword Club Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Wed 23/11/2016 News US Election Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Dating Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox My Account Manage your account The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
SiliconValley.com Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS   Social Web Mobile Cloud Gadgets Cleantech VC Data Games Policy Media     Apple iPhone 6 users plagued by touchscreen woes By George Avalos / August 24, 2016 at 9:20 AM A problem with the touchscreen of the Apple iPhone 6, which many users have complained about on discussion boards, is becoming “incredibly common,” according to repair techs. The most visible sign that something has gone awry: a flickering gray bar at the top of the screen. Apple, according to participants on its forums, doesn’t recognize the issue and simply advises people to buy a new phone and trade in the malfunctioning device. A blog post at ifixit.org this week examined the problem, which has been brought to the attention of an array of repair shops around the United States. A peek at Apple discussion forums indicates that the problem cropped up around April of 2015 and complaints about the issue have continued to the present. Walmark, a Bay Area resident, reported his experience with this malfunction in March of this year. He visited the Apple store at Westfield Mall in San Jose to see if employees at the retail outlook could remedy his touchscreen difficulties. After waiting about two hours, Walmark said he met with a store representative. “He acknowledged the problem. He was very familiar with it, but said Apple doesn’t recognize it as an issue, and so there is not much he can do,” Walmark reported. “I can either replace my phone with identical one for $329 or I can get a $350 trade in on it if I want to upgrade. No offer of free replacement, no consolation, nothing. I left.” Some time later, Walmark went to an Apple store in Los Gatos. “The funniest thing is that at this point I was sitting next to a guy who had another iPhone 6 Plus with flickering lines on the screen,” he wrote. In May 2015, an iPhone user posted about similar problems with his phone. “So a couple days ago, my iPhone 6+ began having intermittent screen responsiveness,” Benm1972 posted. “First time, I received a phone call and couldn’t answer it because the swipe wouldn’t work. I turned it off and back on with no luck. I reset it and that fixed it. That was the only issue that day. I the last few days it’s becoming more frequent. Today alone I’ve had to reset it eight times.” Some iPhone users, who are threatening to switch to other platforms after years of loyalty to the Cupertino-based tech giant, have even coined a phrase for the problem. “My iPhone is completely unresponsive (Touch Disease),” ffelgenh wrote Wednesday in an Apple forum.   Photo: Apple CEO Tim Cook introduces the iPhone 6S and iPhone 6 Plus S during a media event at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium Sept. 9, 2015, in San Francisco, Calif. (Karl Mondon/Bay Area News Group) Share this: Email Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Reddit Google More Pinterest Tumblr   Tags: Apple, iPhone, phone, repairs, touchscreen   More Posts in Gadgets Apple iPhone 6s shutdown problem: Company replacing batteries for free November 21, 2016   Wolverton: Competition stumps Amazon Echo, Google Home November 14, 2016   Snap releases new Spectacles with weird yellow vending machines November 10, 2016       Share this Post Tweet       fstein George, Do you have data? How many users have these problems? spinoza2 I agree with the call for data, without data this could be nothing more than a ploy by competitors before the new iPhone release. Ormond Otvos If you go to a forum, you get 100% people with iPhone problems. Big whoop! Carl Pietrantonio I have a slight case of that. About 50% of phone calls cannot get answered because the swipe will not work. No grey lines though. Zeezladon My employer provides phones to the field guys. The guys with iPhone 6 are plagued with audio quality issues — it sucks to have a phone conversation with someone using one of these. Is there a certain way you’re supposed to hold it when you’re using it for voice calls…? No such problem with the guys using Android phones. salemdad Sadly, I’m having the same problems with my Samsung 5. I had been thinking of switching to Apple. I have reset the sensitivity level to “wearing gloves” level and so far so good (it’s been a week.) BTW – thankfully my wife was with me the last time that I couldn’t swipe to answer an incoming call.. it regularly happened when she was calling and she wasn’t buying my “it’s the phone” argument 🙂     About SiliconBeat Sign up for the Good Morning Silicon Valley newsletter GMSV     Tweets from @siliconbeat/siliconbeat   Popular Posts Older Silicon Valley techies pushed out onto the ice floes… Apple admits to iPhone ‘touch disease,’ blames… Crucial Silicon Valley H-1B visa issue unclear under Trump Why did Oracle’s co-CEO Safra Catz visit Trump? Study: Students find it hard to identify fake news online     Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005   Related Feeds 60-Second Business Break Green Energy News Opinion Personal Tech Venture Capital                       Education WordPress Theme by Copyright © 2016 Bay Area News Group. All Rights Reserved   Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Steve Wozniak Suggests Ditching iPhone Headphone Jack Will Irk People By Adnan Farooqui on 08/24/2016 09:25 PST There have been a lot of rumors about the upcoming iPhone. It’s believed that Apple is going to ditch the standard 3.5mm headphone jack in the iPhone 7. If this happens, customers will either have to buy new headphones that are compatible with Bluetooth or the Lightning port or they will have to purchase adapters that make their existing headphones compatible with the port. Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak believes that if Apple does this it’s going to irk a lot of people. Speaking to The Australian Financial Review, Steve Wozniak said that removing the headphone jack is going to force customers to buy new headphones or adapters and that’s going to “tick off a lot of people.” Some would argue that it would be easier to use Bluetooth headphones with the new iPhone should the headphone jack not be included. However, Woz is not impressed with Bluetooth as it is. “Bluetooth just sounds so flat for the same music,” he said. Apple can always upgrade to the latest version of Bluetooth which addresses the issues that many audiophiles have. If that happens, Woz will be willing to use Bluetooth headphones as the latest version provides more bandwidth and improved quality. We’ll see,” he said. “Apple is good at moving towards the future, and I like to follow that.” Apple is expected to launch new iPhones next month. Many are more interested in the iPhones it comes out with next year as it would be the 10th anniversary of the iPhone next year. Filed in Apple >Cellphones. Read more about Steve Wozniak. Related Articles 2016-03-08 Steve Wozniak Predictably Sides With Apple Against The FBI 2015-03-23 Steve Wozniak Disses The $17k Apple Watch, Shares His Feelings On AI 2014-03-14 Steve Wozniak Doesn't Think Tim Cook Should Be Fired 2014-02-06 Wozniak: Apple Android Phone Not A Bad Idea iOS Flaw Lets Anyone Access Your Photos Without A Passcode Stephen Hawking Thinks Humanity Has About 1,000 Years Left Coca-Cola's Selfie Bottle Snaps A Pic Whenever You Take A Sip Amazon’s iPhone App Lets To See What’s In Your Boxes Domino’s In New Zealand Begin Testing Pizza Delivery By Drones This $5 Device Can Hack A Password-Protected Computer In Seconds User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Thu, Nov 24, 2016 | Updated 12.11 AM IST HI, Follow Us: MY PROFILE NEWSLETTER LOGOUT SIGN INFollow Us: Gadgets Now Gadgets Now TOI Home News Tech News Jobs Social IT Services Mobiles PCs Apps Gaming Computing More Gadgets Netflix 4K resolution support reaches Windows 10 PCs Here's how Lenovo helped in digitally empowering Indian students This company takes record 91% share of global smartphone profits Data is hot for these startups Here's why using Google Glass may not be a good idea DHL pilots go on strike as holiday shopping season kicks in the US Google expected to reach tax settlement with Indonesian government: Report Leaked image 'reveals' Xiaomi Mi 6's design HP Enterprise forecasts lower quarterly profit, shares dip Microsoft claims Edge browser more secure than Chrome, Firefox FOLLOW US shop FOLLOW US Gadgets Mobile Phones Tablets Laptops Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands FOLLOW US Reviews FOLLOW US compare Mobile Phones Laptops Tablets Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands FOLLOW US Slideshows FOLLOW US Videos FOLLOW US Brands Apple Samsung Google Sony HTC Karbonn LG Micromax Microsoft OnePlus Oppo Spice Xiaomi Acer HP InFocus Lenovo Dell FOLLOW US Checklist How To FOLLOW US Featured FOLLOW US infocus Specials ALL ShopGadgets Gadgets Now » News » Tech News Apple co-founder thinks iPhone 7 without 3.5mm jack is a bad idea Apple is all set to launch its next iPhone in September. As per various reports and leaks, it’s speculated that the Cupertino-based tech giant will be doing away with the 3.5mm audio jack for the iPhone 7.TOI Tech | Updated: Sep 3, 2016, 12.02 AM IST Apple is all set to launch its next iPhone in September. As per various reports and leaks, it's speculated that the Cupertino-based tech giant will be doing away with the 3.5mm audio jack for the iPhone 7. And it seems that Apple's co-founder Steve Wozniak doesn't think doing that would be a good idea. "If it's missing the 3.5mm earphone jack, that's going to tick off a lot of people," Steve Wozniak told The Australian Financial Review. He also said that he is quite comfortable with his current headphone setup. Apple to open first Asia-Pacific R&D centre in China Apple will increase investment in China and build its first Asia-Pacific research and development center in the country to bolster its presence as sales of its products dropped there in the last three months relegating it to fifth place. A recently surfaced online report suggested that Apple plans to to forego the 3.5mm audio jack and replace it with the lightning connector for audio output, for the upcoming iPhone 7. The move is likely aimed at making future iPhones even slimmer. A set of images that surfaced online, claiming to be of Apple's EarPods with lightning connector, seems to confirm this. The EarPods' images were posted on Chinese social media website Weibo. Apple's iPhone marketshare falls by 35% in India: Report According to a report from Strategy Analytics, the company shipped 800,000 smartphones in India in Q2 2016, this compares to 1.2 million smartphones it shipped during the same quarter last year. At the bottom too, the lightning connector is larger than what is currently found on Apple's USB cables. The size hints that there might be some electronics in there as well. According to Apple Insider website, it could even include an authenticator chip. Even with that, Apple won't be the first company to ditch the 3.5mm headphone jack. Earlier this year, Chinese manufacturer LeEco launched three smartphones without a 3.5mm headphone jack. The company claims that the handsets are the first in the world to forego the traditional 3.5mm jack and feature a USB Type-C audio port with CDLA (Continual Digital Lossless Audio) tech. RELATED From around the web From GADGETSNOW Recommended By Colombia From Around the Web From GADGETSNOW Recommended By Colombia Comments Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message GADGETS NOW SHOP Latest News Netflix 4K resolution support reaches Windows 10 PCs Here's how Lenovo helped in digitally empowering Indian students This company takes record 91% share of global smartphone profits Data is hot for these startups Here's why using Google Glass may not be a good idea From around the Web More From GadgetsNow Recommended By Colombia Most Popular Apple iPad Pro, iPhone 7 available at a discount of up to Rs 28,900 Apple CEO Tim Cook's letter to employees on Donald Trump's win Flipkart CEO’s response to Amazon’s No.1 claim These are the 'feared' security features of the Rs 2000 note Rs 500 & Rs 1000 ban: 'Good news' for phone buyers WhatsApp launches video-calling feature for Android users TCS: Cyrus Mistry caused 'enormous harm' to the IT company IITs: Pre-placement salaries hit record high Apple MacBook Pro with ‘Touch Bar’ launched, prices start at Rs 1,55,900 Reliance Jio to launch phones with unlimited voice, video calling starting at Rs 1,000 Singapore working on policy to cut off public web access to combat cyber attacks Bill Split & Pay becomes smarter with Walnut App Norwegian politicial plays Pokemon Go during parliamentary hearing Tesla's new battery delivers increased speed and driving range As China e-commerce booms, private equity sees room for growth in storage space Digital Literacy programme launched in Assam Department of Telecom resolves over 1,800 complaints filed on 'Twitter Sewa' Edutech company ConveGenius raises Rs 6 crore for expansion US trade commission clears Fitbit of stealing rival Jawbone's trade secrets 1Apple co-founder thinks iPhone 7 without 3.5mm jack is a bad idea 2Singapore working on policy to cut off public web access to combat cyber attacks 3Bill Split & Pay becomes smarter with Walnut App 4Norwegian politicial plays Pokemon Go during parliamentary hearing 5Tesla's new battery delivers increased speed and driving range 6As China e-commerce booms, private equity sees room for growth in storage space 7Digital Literacy programme launched in Assam 8Department of Telecom resolves over 1,800 complaints filed on 'Twitter Sewa' 9Edutech company ConveGenius raises Rs 6 crore for expansion 10US trade commission clears Fitbit of stealing rival Jawbone's trade secrets GADGETS NOW About Us Privacy policy RSS Return Policy Newsletter Sitemap Feedback Authors Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Gadgets now mobile Refund Policy Popular Mobiles Google Pixel XL 32 GB Moto Z 64GB Moto Z Play 32GB Honor 8 Samsung Galaxy A9 Pro Lenovo K4 Note Lenovo K3 Note Oppo F1 Plus Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Mi 5S Lenovo Vibe K5 Lenovo Zuk Z1 Samsung Galaxy J7 Lenovo A7000 Lenovo K5 Note Samsung Galaxy J2 OnePlus 3 Samsung Galaxy On7 OnePlus X Samsung Z3 HTC Desire 820 LG G5 Sony Xperia Z5 HTC Desire 826 Oppo R7 Upcoming Mobiles Nokia P1 Samsung Galaxy C5 Pro Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Oppo F1s 64GB Umi Plus E Lyf Wind 7i OKWU Pi Vivo Xplay6 Vivo X9 64 GB Vivo X9 128GB Vivo X9 OnePlus 3T 64 GB OnePlus 3T 128GB Vivo V5 Gionee S9 Huawei Mate 9 Pro Lava A76 Plus Asus Zenfone 3 Max ZC553KL Hyve Pryme Wileyfox Swift 2 Wileyfox Swift 2 Plus Moto M Xiaomi Redmi 4A Xiaomi Redmi 4 16GB Xiaomi Redmi 4 Latest Mobiles Google Nexus 9 Coolpad Note 3 Redmi Note 3 Lenovo K4 Note Moto G4 Plus OnePlus X OnePlus 2 Lenovo Vibe S1 iPhone 6 Google Nexus 5 Mobile Phones Spice Mobiles Oppo Mobiles OnePlus Mobiles Microsoft Mobiles Micromax Mobiles LG Mobiles Karbonn Mobiles HTC Mobiles Sony Mobiles Google Mobiles Copyright © 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. | The Times of India. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service
MLive Michigan Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Menu Home Set Your Edition Michigan News Sports High School Sports Weather Business Obituaries/In Memoriam Jobs Autos Real Estate Entertainment Food & Dining Lifestyle Opinion Photos & Videos Become a Member Classifieds Celebrations Find&Save Local Businesses Place an Ad Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Automotive Crime Databases Education Environment Health Lottery Obituaries Politics & Elections U.S. & World Weather Regions News subscriptions Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Grand Rapids-Area Towns Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Lions Pistons Red Wings Tigers Broncos Cardinals Chippewas Eagles Lakers Spartans Wolverines Small Colleges More Sports Back to Main Menu Auto Racing Boxing Golf Outdoors West Michigan Whitecaps Great Lakes Loons Grand Rapids Griffins Kalamazoo Cobras Kalamazoo Wings Muskegon Lumberjacks Saginaw Spirit Flint Firebirds Kalamazoo Growlers Grand Rapids Drive Back to Main Menu Football Boys Soccer Girls Volleyball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Tennis Girls Golf Girls Swimming Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Field Hockey Boys Water Polo Boys Rowing Girls Rowing Equestrian Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Wrestling Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Girls Soccer Boys Swimming Boys Golf Girls Tennis Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Cheer Girls Gymnastics Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Boys Rugby Back to Main Menu Forecasts from Mark Torregrossa Michigan Weather News Radar & More Back to Main Menu Automotive Statewide Ann Arbor Jackson & Lansing Metro Detroit Mid-Michigan West Michigan More Business Back to Main Menu Business Resource Center Michigan Jobs Press Releases Back to Main Menu View current obituaries Place obituary Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Dining Out Event Listings Post an Event Michigan's Best Movies & Reviews Music & Reviews Comics Celebrities Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking & Recipes Healthy Eating My Recipe Box Michigan's Best Beer Drinks Wine Back to Main Menu Celebrations Health & Fitness Home & Garden Travel Weddings Back to Main Menu By Region Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Videos Ann Arbor Photos Bay City Photos Detroit Photos Flint Photos Grand Rapids Photos Jackson Photos Kalamazoo Photos Lansing Photos Muskegon Photos Saginaw Photos Back to Main Menu News Videos Sports Videos High School Sports Videos Entertainment Videos Ann Arbor Videos Bay City Videos Detroit Videos Flint Videos Grand Rapids Videos Jackson Videos Kalamazoo Videos Lansing Videos Muskegon Videos Saginaw Videos Back to Main Menu Manage your Subscriptions My Michigan Membership Benefits eReplica Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Ann Arbor/Detroit Jackson/Lansing Flint Saginaw Bay City Grand Rapids Muskegon Kalamazoo/Battle Creek Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search MLive Account Sign In Close Sign in to MLive You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Michigan Change Region comments Fire at Apple Avenue business could have been worse without safety inspections, chief says Print Email Lynn Moore | lmoore8@mlive.com By Lynn Moore | lmoore8@mlive.com The Muskegon Chronicle Follow on Twitter on August 24, 2016 at 12:15 PM, updated August 24, 2016 at 12:17 PM comments MUSKEGON TOWNSHIP, MI – A fire in a metal fabricating shop forced the shutdown of Apple Avenue in Muskegon Township Tuesday night. The fire at Customized Mobility, 3639 E. Apple Ave., was reported at 10:19 p.m. Aug. 23 by people in a neighboring building who heard sounds of explosions and saw flames, said Muskegon Township Fire Chief David E. Glotzbach. Arriving fire units shut down eastbound Apple Avenue and the rest of the road was closed shortly after so hoses could be laid across the street to a hydrant on the north side of Apple, Glotzbach said. Firefighters, partly because they were familiar with the business through annual safety checks, were able to quickly knock down the fire, though they were on scene for three hours cleaning up and making sure the fire was out, Glotzbach said. Customized Mobility sells wheelchairs, walkers, canes and other mobility devices. The exact cause of the fire has not been determined, though it was accidental and started in the business's fabrication shop, Glotzbach said. No one was inside the business, which is comprised of several different sections, at the time of the blaze, he said. Providing assistance to Muskegon Township firefighters were the Egelston Township Fire Department, Muskegon Township Police Department and ProMed Ambulance, he said. The section of the business where the fire started sustained extensive heat and smoke damage and some fire damage, while a second section had smoke damage, Glotzbach said. Other parts were essentially unaffected, he said. Tackling the blaze was much easier and safer for firefighters because the business has taken advantage of fire department safety inspections, Glotzbach said. The inspections, offered by fire department to all businesses in the township, help business owners identify fire safety hazards and also allow firefighting personnel to become familiar with the businesses and their layouts, he said. Several firefighters at the scene of Tuesday night's fire indicated they knew the layout of the business and that helped them put out the fire quickly and safely and minimized damage caused by firefighters trying to get to the fire, Glotzbach said. "A couple key decisions our people were able to make were based on the fact they had been in the buildings and knew the layout," he said.   Most Read Find Local Homes for Sale Apartments Car Dealers Used Cars Jobs Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries Active Discussions Get the latest updates Subscribe to our newsletters Like MLive on Facebook Follow MLive on Twitter About Us MLive Media Group Our Team Advertise Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Jobs at MLive Subscriptions Newspaper | Digital Editions | eNewsletters The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News MLive Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Business Resource Center Your Regional News Pages Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Mobile Mobile apps | Tablet apps More on MLive Photos Video Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Site Map Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | YouTube Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 MLive Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MLive Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 As of today, Tim Cook can unlock $100 million in bonuses Avery Hartmans Aug. 24, 2016, 11:53 AM 4,357 facebook linkedin twitter email print Apple CEO Tim Cook. Getty Images/Chip Somodevilla Tim Cook has officially reached the five-year mark as CEO of Apple, and with that comes a giant bonus. Cook is celebrating his fifth anniversary Wednesday, which means he can unlock stock bonuses he was awarded in 2011 that are now worth more than $100 million, according to MacRumors. Cook now owns 980,000 shares of Apple stock, which were priced at $108.07 each as of 11:40 a.m. Wednesday. That values Cook's shares at nearly $106 million. The bonuses were also tied to Cook's tenure and Apple's performance over the past five years, which includes total shareholder return. While the company has continued to be the most valuable company in the world under Cook, and though Apple's stock has risen by more than 132% since Cook took over, Apple's revenue and most of its product lines have been shrinking, and some questions have arisen over Cook's leadership. SEE ALSO: Barbra Streisand personally asked Tim Cook to fix her biggest gripe with Siri — and he did NOW WATCH: 7 places you can’t find on Google Maps Loading video... More: Apple Tim Cook facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru As of today, Tim Cook can unlock $100 million in bonuses As of today, Tim Cook can unlock $100 million in bonuses Tim Cook has officially reached the five-year... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
null
null
BevNET Register Login Account Logout Search News Top News Videos Newswire Supplier News Project NOSH Brewbound Best of Awards Spirits & Mixers Submit News Reviews Featured Reviews Browse By Category View All Submit Product For Review Podcast Events BevNET Live Winter 2016 Full List of 2016 Events Past Events Jobs Job Listings Post a Job School Magazine Directories Marketplace / Classified Ads Supplier Finder Database BevNET Industry Guides Sign In Facebook Twitter More Networks Mobile Navigation Old Orchard Brands Launches New Line of Organic, Non-GMO 100% Juice Blends Press Release Aug. 24, 2016 at 11:59 am More SPARTA, Mich., Aug. 24, 2016 /PRNewswire/ — Healthy families seeking 100 percent fruit juice made with pure and simple ingredients, but struggling to find an affordable option, will celebrate the arrival of Old Orchard Brands’ new line of Organic 100% Juice in the shelf-stable and frozen juice aisle. Old Orchard’s Organic 100% Juice features the organic and non-GMO ingredients that many consumers are looking for, at a price that families will love. Old Orchard’s shelf-stable Organic 100% Juice is offered in four kid-friendly flavors, including Apple, Apple Cherry, Peach Mangoand Wild Berry. Each 64-ounce bottle provides eight, 8-ounce servings and has a suggested retail price of $3.49. Available in Apple and Peach Mango, the 12-ounce frozen Organic 100% Juice concentrates have a suggested retail price of$2.49. “It’s important that we provide the very best quality to our customers, but we must also ensure our products are accessible to all families, including those on a budget,” said Kevin Miller, vice president of marketing at Old Orchard. “Our customers have told us they struggle to find organic and Non-GMO certified foods in their most frequently purchased household grocery products. This new line combines the best quality ingredients with great taste and affordability. In doing so, we offer new access for budget-conscious consumers interested in shopping organic and better-for-you foods.” All varieties of Old Orchard Organic 100% Juice are certified organic by the USDA and have received verification from the Non-GMO Project to validate Old Orchard’s quality and its compliance with rigorous best practices for GMO avoidance. Additionally, the juices contain no added sugar and no artificial flavors, colors or preservatives. Organic 100% Juice represents the newest addition to Old Orchard’s existing juice lineup that spans more than 40 frozen concentrates and 60 bottled varieties of fruit juices and juice drinks. For more information on Old Orchard Brands’ organic juices and where they are sold, please visit www.oldorchard.com. To stay up to date on the latest news and promotions, visit Old Orchard on Facebook and Twitter. About Old Orchard Brands Established in 1985, Sparta, Michigan-based Old Orchard Brands is one of the fastest-growing fruit juice brands in the United States. The company offers consumers 40 frozen concentrate flavors and 60 bottled varieties in a range of 100 percent fruit juices and blends, premium and organic juices, fruit juice cocktails, low-sugar juice drinks and frozen drink mixers. The company is known for its innovative and value-added products that target the needs of today’s health conscious consumers. For more about Old Orchard, visit www.oldorchard.com. Companies Company: Old Orchard Brands, LLC Website: http://oldorchard.com/ Facebook Twitter Old Orchard Brands, LLC No description provided. Learn More Update / Edit Listing Latest News Bonus Speakers for BevNET Live: Bristol Farms CEO, More Dr Pepper Snapple Group to Acquire Bai for $1.7 Billion PepsiCo Acquires KeVita For Undisclosed Sum Marketplace Bushwacker Lager Beer View All|Post a Listing Featured Jobs Independent Beer/Wine Sales Manager - Fully Loa... Master Brewer - Melbourne, Australia - Brick La... Brand Manager (Fever-Tree) - Brands of Britain,... Regional Sales Manager - SPIKE Energy - Spike L... Distributor Sales / Relations - #iDGT - I Don&#... Territory Sales Manager - Western NY - 1911 Har... View All Jobs|Post a Job Additional News Tio Gazpacho Partners With Acclaimed Chef José Andrés Review: The Evolution of SOUND Sparkling Tea Continues Confluence Opens New Production Facility BevNET Live: KarpReilly Team To Discuss Zola, Spindrift, KeVita, LifeAID Investments Subscribe to BevNET's Daily Newsletter Recent Articles Features Newswire Spirits Beer Bonus Speakers for BevNET Live: Bristol Farms CEO, More Dr Pepper Snapple Group to Acquire Bai for $1.7 Billion PepsiCo Acquires KeVita For Undisclosed Sum Tio Gazpacho Partners With Acclaimed Chef José Andrés Review: The Evolution of SOUND Sparkling Tea Continues Confluence Opens New Production Facility BevNET Live: KarpReilly Team To Discuss Zola, Spindrift, KeVita, LifeAID Investments NatureWise Takes Top Spot On Amazon Whipstitch Capital Advised KeVita on PepsiCo Sale Boxed Water Supports HerCampus College Fashion Week TEN Spring Water Signs UFC Fighter Dustin “The Diamond” Poirier Shamrock Farms to Sponsor the U.S. Snow Sports Teams JUST Water Begins Selling at University of Colorado Boulder Coca-Cola Celebrates “Unsung Heroes” in New Holiday Campaign New England Brands Unveil First Ever Maple Water Sake Davos Brands Acquires Aviation American Gin from House Spirits Distillery McClintock Distilling Opening Doors December 3rd Patrón Releases Limited Holiday “Bonus-sized” Bottles The South Carolina Craft Distillers Guild Formalizes and Elects Inaugural Officers Heaven Hill Distillery Unveils New Cox’s Creek Warehouse Location The Bloody Buddy Makes its Texas Debut Burnt City Brewing Introduces Freight Handler Milk Stour Iron Hill Brewery Releases Reindeer’s Revenge in 16 oz. Cans Coronado Brewing Company Expands into Austin, Texas Fort Collins Brewery & Tavern Partners with REI to Opt Outside Magnolia Brewing Company Announces Winter Warmer, Collaboration Brew with Copper Fox EVO’s Menagerie Series Returns with Menagerie #10 a Russian Imperial Stout The Unknown Brewing Company Creates Stupid Flanders Red Ale Sierra Nevada Names Joe Whitney as Chief Commercial Officer Report: U.S. Online Alcohol Sales Expected to Reach $614 Million in 2016 New Holland Brewing to Begin Distribution in Pacific Northwest in December New Belgium Brewing’s Kim Jordan Receives Governor’s Citizenship Award Firestone Walker’s Venice Propagator Releases First Beer Generation 1 Unfiltered IPA Cascade Brewing Celebrates 18th Anniversary with Release of 2015 Pater Project Blend and Vintage Draft Beers Rahr & Sons Brewing Co. Releases Angry Santa and Bourbon Barrel Aged Winter Warmer Cape May Brewing Company Releases Bough of Barley: A Holiday Seasonal Barleywine Starcut Ciders Becomes Third Largest Cider Maker in Michigan Final Agenda Now Available for Brewbound Session San Diego Sprecher Brewery Releases Winter Lager Breckenridge Brewery Releases Christmas Ale and Holidale Constellation Brands Approves $1 Billion Share Buyback Program View All|Submit News Upcoming Events BevNET Live Winter 2016 Santa Monica, CA • Dec 5 - 6, 2016 Early Registration Open Brewbound Session San Diego 2016 San Diego, CA • Dec. 1, 2016 Early Registration Open Beverage Industry Jobs Independent Beer/Wine Sales Manager - Fully Loaded Cocktails Junior Level Sales Representative - NYC - ITO EN (North America) INC. Brand Manager (Fever-Tree) - Brands of Britain, LLC View All|Post a Job BevNET.com BevNET.com Contact Advertise / Media Kit Event Sponsorship Submit News Submit Product Contact Us Follow Newsletter Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube LinkedIn Resources BevNET About BevNET BevNET Live BevNET Magazine Project NOSH Brewbound Navigate Beverage News Free Newsletter Industry Events Beverage Jobs Tradeshow Photos BevBoard Forums © 1996 – 2016 BevNET.com® Follow Us: Free E-Newsletters: BevNET Daily Project NOSH (Natural Food) Brewbound.com (Craft Beer) BevNET Beverage School is an on-demand, video-based learning tool and online community designed for entrepreneurs and newcomers to the food and beverage industry. Learn MoreSubscribe Click to View Current Issue Published 8x per year, BevNET Magazine is the leading industry magazine for analysis of trends, innovation, marketing, and product development. SubscribeRecent Issues The BevNET Podcast is a weekly podcast that explores current trends and news from the food and beverage industries. Learn MoreGet on iTunes
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /Mobile/Gallery Mobile iPhone 7: Wozniak says Apple shouldn’t ditch the headphone jack By Jacob Kleinman | August 24, 2016 Share Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo Apple is expected to ship the iPhone 7 without a headphone jack, and the company’s already facing some tough pushback for the rumored change. Now even departed company co-founder Steve Wozniak is chiming in with a word of warning for the Cupertino company he helped launch. “If it’s missing the 3.5mm earphone jack, that’s going to tick off a lot of people,” Wozniak told The Australian Financial Review. “I would not use Bluetooth… I don’t like wireless. I have cars where you can plug in the music or go through Bluetooth, and the Bluetooth just sounds so flat for the same music.” Wozniak added that he would consider trying Bluetooth if Apple could offer some new version of the wireless technology with “higher bandwidth and better quality that sounds like real music.” He noted that the company has a history of pushing forward with new technology, so it’s possible Cupertino could do the same thing with Bluetooth for the iPhone 7. Apple’s co-founder also admitted he has a personal reason for keeping his current headphones. Wozniak owns a pair of earbuds with custom-designed implants that are comfortable enough to sleep in. If the iPhone 7 does ship without a headphone jack, he’ll have to use some kind of adapter We’ve already seen Apple’s rumored adapter leak out. The accessory would make it possible for users to plug their old headphones into the iPhone’s Lightning port. The company’s also allegedly working on a pair of Bluetooth EarPods, though they may not be ready to launch with the iPhone 7. Source AFR Via BI Topics #Apple #Apple #iPhone 7 #steve wozniak Jacob Kleinman Jacob Kleinman has been working as a journalist online and in print since he arrived at Wesleyan University in 2007. After graduating, he took a blogging job at the International… Read More Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 Black Friday CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra Retina MacBook tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums Black Friday iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s Retina MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close Apple's Machine Learning Has Cut Siri's Error Rate by a Factor of Two Wednesday August 24, 2016 10:01 am PDT by Joe Rossignol Steven Levy has published an in-depth article about Apple's artificial intelligence and machine learning efforts, after meeting with senior executives Craig Federighi, Eddy Cue, Phil Schiller, and two Siri scientists at the company's headquarters. Apple provided Levy with a closer look at how machine learning is deeply integrated into Apple software and services, led by Siri, which the article reveals has been powered by a neural-net based system since 2014. Apple said the backend change greatly improved the personal assistant's accuracy. "This was one of those things where the jump was so significant that you do the test again to make sure that somebody didn’t drop a decimal place," says Eddy Cue, Apple’s senior vice president of internet software and services.Alex Acero, who leads the Siri speech team at Apple, said Siri's error rate has been lowered by more than a factor of two in many cases. “The error rate has been cut by a factor of two in all the languages, more than a factor of two in many cases,” says Acero. “That’s mostly due to deep learning and the way we have optimized it — not just the algorithm itself but in the context of the whole end-to-end product.”Acero told Levy he was able to work directly with Apple's silicon design team and the engineers who write the firmware for iOS devices to maximize performance of the neural network, and Federighi added that Apple building both hardware and software gives it an "incredible advantage" in the space. "It's not just the silicon," adds Federighi. "It's how many microphones we put on the device, where we place the microphones. How we tune the hardware and those mics and the software stack that does the audio processing. It's all of those pieces in concert. It's an incredible advantage versus those who have to build some software and then just see what happens."Apple's machine learning efforts extend far beyond Siri, as evidenced by several examples shared by Levy: You see it when the phone identifies a caller who isn’t in your contact list (but did email you recently). Or when you swipe on your screen to get a shortlist of the apps that you are most likely to open next. Or when you get a reminder of an appointment that you never got around to putting into your calendar. Or when a map location pops up for the hotel you’ve reserved, before you type it in. Or when the phone points you to where you parked your car, even though you never asked it to. These are all techniques either made possible or greatly enhanced by Apple’s adoption of deep learning and neural nets.Another product born out of machine learning is the Apple Pencil, which can detect the difference between a swipe, a touch, and a pencil input: In order for Apple to include its version of a high-tech stylus, it had to deal with the fact that when people wrote on the device, the bottom of their hand would invariably brush the touch screen, causing all sorts of digital havoc. Using a machine learning model for “palm rejection” enabled the screen sensor to detect the difference between a swipe, a touch, and a pencil input with a very high degree of accuracy. “If this doesn’t work rock solid, this is not a good piece of paper for me to write on anymore — and Pencil is not a good product,” says Federighi. If you love your Pencil, thank machine learning.On the iPhone, machine learning is enabled by a localized dynamic cache or "knowledge base" that Apple says is around 200MB in size, depending on how much personal information is stored. This includes information about app usage, interactions with other people, neural net processing, a speech modeler, and "natural language event modeling." It also has data used for the neural nets that power object recognition, face recognition, and scene classification. "It's a compact, but quite thorough knowledge base, with hundreds of thousands of locations and entities. We localize it because we know where you are," says Federighi. This knowledge base is tapped by all of Apple's apps, including the Spotlight search app, Maps, and Safari. It helps on auto-correct. "And it's working continuously in the background," he says.Apple, for example, uses its neural network to capture the words iPhone users type using the standard QuickType keyboard. Other information Apple stores on devices includes probably the most personal data that Apple captures: the words people type using the standard iPhone QuickType keyboard. By using a neural network-trained system that watches while you type, Apple can detect key events and items like flight information, contacts, and appointments — but information itself stays on your phone.Apple insists that much of the machine learning occurs entirely local to the device, without personal information being sent back to its servers. "Some people perceive that we can't do these things with AI because we don't have the data," says Cue. "But we have found ways to get that data we need while still maintaining privacy. That's the bottom line." "We keep some of the most sensitive things where the ML is occurring entirely local to the device," Federighi says. As an example, he cites app suggestions, the icons that appear when you swipe right.The full-length article on Backchannel provides several more details about how machine learning and artificial intelligence work at Apple. Tags: Siri, Eddy Cue, Phil Schiller, Craig Federighi, machine learning, artificial intelligence [ 122 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) Santabean2000 13 weeks ago Siri stills sucks for me... still doesn't work well enough to be useful. Rating: 32 Votes Badandy 13 weeks ago Not in my experience. Siri is absolute trash compared to Google Now and Cortana. Apple should be embarrassed by how stagnant it has been and the repeated, correctable errors it makes. No amount of public relations whitewashing can fix it. Rating: 28 Votes Oblivious.Robot 13 weeks ago Yeah, no. Siri is still pretty much useless for me, although better than before, but still meh with her current capabilities. Edit - For the screen brightness part, after some retries I found out that it does work, but you have to say it in one sentence as Siri forgets about it in the next. :confused: Rating: 16 Votes jsclem02 13 weeks ago The struggle with Siri is still very real. Rating: 11 Votes keysofanxiety 13 weeks ago Apple insists that much of the machine learning occurs entirely local to the device, without personal information being sent back to its servers. And yet it still has no offline functionality, even if the learning is localised; well from what I can see, anyway. An iPhone 3GS managed offline voice functions like "call Tom". Why the heck can't Siri? Phone, text, open an app -- these are not commands that need to be bounced off a server. It's fine if you're at Apple HQ, testing Siri on a 10Gb/s Internet connection. But when you're on the road with flaky 3G signal, it's the last thing you need. Rating: 11 Votes thisisnotmyname 13 weeks ago I like Siri on the iPhone when it works, but at times it totally gets things very wrong that it previously got right. What really gets me ticked off is how Siri on ATV is worse than useless almost every time I try to make use of it. I agree. On the phone she works well for me. On the AppleTV it seems like she goes to sleep and the first time I try to interact with her such as "what did he just say?" it lags so long that the ten second rewind is well past whatever I wanted to hear. And then there's the lack of Siri search through home sharing content... Rating: 7 Votes freepomme 13 weeks ago I'm not buying it. Rating: 6 Votes SandboxGeneral 13 weeks ago Or when you swipe on your screen to get a shortlist of the apps that you are most likely to open next. This is a feature that I have found to work quite well for me and I like it a lot. Its so uncanny that it can happen without me having to search for an app at a location many times. Rating: 5 Votes npmacuser5 13 weeks ago Others, like Amazon, figured out that 6 microphones and noise canceling are essential for good voice recognition. Like talking to a person who has limited hearing, "what did you say?". The old garbage in garbage out. A suggestion for Apple, have Siri bring up a text screen of what she heard after so many tries. Amazon has a feature that allows the user to see what Alexa heard, make a correction, and feedback to Amazon. Nice to see more research and creative thinking going on. Voice recognition has a good future. Rating: 5 Votes smacrumon 13 weeks ago I use Siri a lot for dictation and Siri has been improving over the years. A great feature when introduced with iPhone 4S, and has only become better since. Rating: 4 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 New glass-backed design rumored to lose the Home button. More Blog Stories Microsoft Launches Classic Solitaire Game on iOS 2 hours ago on iOS Blog Microsoft today launched the "Microsoft Solitaire Collection" on iOS and Android, a package of classic Solitaire games that include Klondike, Spider, FreeCell, Pyramid, and Tripeaks. As noted... 29 comments Target to Offer 15% Off All Apple Products on Sunday and Cyber Monday 2 hours ago on iOS Blog Target has announced it will be offering 15% off all Apple products, including the iPhone and Apple Watch, online and in stores on Sunday, November 27 and Monday, November 28. The two-day Cyber... 10 comments History Between Steve Jobs and Pixar Highlighted in New Book 'To Pixar and Beyond' 2 hours ago on Mac Blog Steve Jobs' history with the now-acclaimed animation studio Pixar began in 1986 when the former Apple CEO purchased The Graphics Group, which was one third of the Computer Division of Lucasfilm,... 9 comments Google Maps Now Lets You Check How Crowded a Store is in Real Time 7 hours ago on iOS Blog Google has announced a new feature to its Search and Maps apps that enables Black Friday shoppers to know how busy a store is in real time. Dubbed "crowd control", the live feature comes... 20 comments Pebble 4.3 Update Improves Heart Rate Tracking, Adds iOS Reminders Support 9 hours ago on iOS Blog Pebble has released a new firmware for its Pebble 2 and Time-Series smartwatches that brings a faster interface, improved heart-rate tracking features and Reminders support for iOS. First off,... 7 comments T-Mobile Offers Free iPhone 7 or 7 Plus With Eligible Device Trade-In for Black Friday 1 day ago on iOS Blog T-Mobile today announced its Black Friday deals, bringing back a popular trade-in offer that will allow customers to get a free or discounted iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus when trading in an older... 46 comments Apple Opening Third Store in Paris at Marché Saint-Germain on December 3 1 day ago on Mac Blog Apple has announced it is opening a third retail store in Paris, France at Marché Saint-Germain on Saturday, December 3 at 10:00 a.m. local time. Marché Saint-Germain render based on renewal... 7 comments Creator of 'GBA4iOS' Teases New SNES, Game Boy, and Nintendo 64 iOS Emulator 'Delta' 1 day ago on iOS Blog Developer Riley Testut has begun teasing the launch of a new emulator, called "Delta," coming this December in beta form, presumably for iOS devices. On Delta's teaser site, hazy images... 26 comments • iFixit Launches New $20 Essential Electronics Toolkit for iPhone Repairs (30) • Apple Exploring Possibility of Foldable iPhone With Flexible Display (41) • Touch Bar MacBook Pro Orders Begin Shipping to European Customers (21) • Malicious Video Link Causes iOS Devices to Freeze, Requiring a Hard Reset (30) • Review: Zhiyun's Smooth II 3-Axis Gimbal Gives iPhone Video Footage Better Stability (25) • Here's Apple's New Coffee Table Book With Actual Products (62) • Twelve South Debuts 'HiRise Duet' Charging Stand for iPhone and Apple Watch (22)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade All 3 'Infinity Blade' Games Are $0.99 for Black Friday Point and Click Adventure 'Kathy Rain' Hits the App Store Ditto Is Now Available in 'Pokemon GO', Impersonating Other Common Creatures 'Geometry Wars 3: Dimensions Evolved' Drops to Three Bucks 'Armajet' Getting Esport Buzz Even While in Beta 'Swap Sword' is a Fun Match-3 Roguelike Coming in December AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
null
My News Personalise your news feed by choosing your favourite topics of interest Get Started No Thanks Create your own newsfeed Choose 3 or more topics that you want to see. Irish News Politics International Opinion Living Family Technology Business GAA Soccer Rugby MMA Watercooler Going Out Screens Quizzes Change Generation Create my newsfeed   TheJournal.ie uses cookies. By continuing to browse this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Click here to find out more » Business ETC The42 The Daily Edge Search site Search Dublin: 6 °C Wednesday 23 November, 2016 Advertisement Homepage Irish Politics International Opinion Family Culture Tech Business My Feed RSS Tags family can't touch this Hardware iphone 6 responsiveness screen See other tags Tags Wednesday 24 Aug, 2016 http://jrnl.ie/2945750 Some iPhone 6 screens have been made useless because of 'touch disease' The hardware problem is preventing some iPhone 6 and 6 Plus’ screen from working properly. Aug 24th 2016, 4:34 PM 26,666 Views 29 Comments Share43 Tweet Email2 Image: AP Photo/Vincent Yu TWO OF APPLE’S iPhone range are said to be vulnerable to what is being called ‘touch disease’, a hardware problem which prevents the touchscreen from working properly. Both iPhone 6 and 6 Plus devices affected by it show a grey flickering bar at the top of the screen. In the worst case scenario, the screen is left inoperable. The problem was spotted by the repair site iFixit which says is caused by two chips which are at risk of detaching from a circuit board over time. The Touch IC chips, which controls how the screen responds to touch, is connected by solder balls. If the phone twists or bends slightly over time, these balls end up cracking and lose contact with the board. The same problem that led to ‘bendgate’, where the phone would bend if you left it too long in your back pocket, is causing this problem to surface. Apple’s support forums have complaints from some iPhone 6 and 6 Plus users about the issue since the start of the year. IFixit says a way to rectify it is to press down on the screen or twist the phone’s body. This would allow the chips to reconnect but over time, this would stop working. But the only options would be to replace the phone, replace the logic board or replace both Touch IC chips on the board. Video (http://www.youtube.com/watch=zhJW140kLCY&t=) Source: iFixit Video/YouTube Apple has acknowledged problems with the iPhone in the past. When the iPhone 4 was released back in 2010, some users had problems with the antenna while some iPhone 5s users had battery problems. Another software problem involved Error 53, which disabled iPhones that replaced the connector that ran between the Touch ID sensor in an iPhone’s home button. Apple released an iOS update which fixed the problem. Apple is getting ready to unveil the latest addition to its iPhone range next month. It hasn’t announced a date yet but it’s expected to happen on 6 September. Read: Probe into Ashley Madison hack finds site’s security had ‘serious shortcomings’ > Read: There’s a new version of Android out, but good luck getting your hands on it > Get breaking news from TheJournal.ie via Facebook. Just click Like. Short URL Tweet this Share on Facebook Email this article   About the author: Quinton O'Reilly @qoreilly quinton@thejournal.ie See more articles by Quinton O'Reilly Contribute to this story: Leave a Comment Send a Photo / Video Send a Tip Send a Correction Read next: Embed this post To embed this post, copy the code below on your site 600px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/iphone-6-screen-troubles-2945750-Aug2016/?embedpost=2945750&width=600&height=460" ></iframe> 400px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/iphone-6-screen-troubles-2945750-Aug2016/?embedpost=2945750&width=400&height=460" ></iframe> 300px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/iphone-6-screen-troubles-2945750-Aug2016/?embedpost=2945750&width=300&height=460" ></iframe> Email “Some iPhone 6 screens have been made useless because of 'touch disease'”. Your Email Recipient's Email Submit Feedback on “Some iPhone 6 screens have been made useless because of 'touch disease'”. Your Feedback Your Email (optional) Submit Report a Comment Please select the reason for reporting this comment. Please select your reason for reporting... You don't like this comment, or you disagree with this commenter It contains offensive language, is hateful or incites violence It contains a libelous/defamatory statement Some other reason... Please give full details of the problem with the comment... Your Email Submit Comments (29 Comments) Ordered By: Popularity Popularity Date Leave a comment Add New Comment Log in to comment: Logged in as You are connected with your account. Log out Share This Comment on Facebook or Twitter Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Submit Comment Read Next: Download our app Trending Opinions The Central Bank Governor on why deposit limits are 'not targets but ceilings' Philip Lane Governor Philip Lane explains why the Central Bank wants to make things easier for first-time buyers. Opinion: 'Rural Ireland is not dead. It’s on the verge of great things.' David Minton We are a country renowned for our innovation and problem solving. Let’s fix Rural Ireland, writes David Minton. President Higgins: "We must share vigilance of not letting anti-Semitism spread again" Michael D. Higgins World Jewish Conference delegates hear Higgins address concerns over ‘walls’ and ‘fear’ challenging the world. Most Popular Today 1 Temperatures to fall as low as -4 tonight as cold snap settles in 47,877  40 2 First time buyers no longer need 20% deposit on properties 42,821  78 3 Enough cyanide 'to wipe out Roscommon' lay in farmer's shed for 45 years 39,598  46 1 A Dublin energy startup is taking its 'Google Nest killer' thermostat stateside 319  0 2 'We treat the Cork family sawmill like a big company. Rivals cut logs, we make money' 124  0 3 The single most important thing you can do to negotiate better deals 119  0 1 New Zealand's Fekitoa banned but Cane escapes further punishment 36,272  60 2 Ex-Liverpool and England player Paul Stewart goes public with sexual abuse ordeal 21,836  18 3 Leicester march into Champions League last 16, Spurs crash out 21,728  12 1 12 cosy and comforting things to watch on Netflix right now 7,881  9 2 The Terry's Chocolate Orange McFlurry was just released in Ireland and we tried it out 5,380  0 3 24 daring deeds guaranteed to make you feel like a total rebel 5,255  3 Trending Tags PLANNING Dealz planning violations: Dublin council refuses to issue enforcement notice 7 essential tips from Electric Picnic veterans Developer wins case over rejected planning for €75 million south county Dublin development PLOUGHING This little Tipp lad's hurling rap was the highlight of the Ploughing yesterday This little Tipp lad's hurling rap was the highlight of the Ploughing yesterday How Marty Morrissey and his cardboard cut-out own the Ploughing COURTS Jurors at Sean FitzPatrick trial told they'll be needed until well into next year Son of deceased billionaire businessman kept a loaded gun over his bed Schoolgirl receives €35,000 after her face was cut at a Leisureplex GARDAí Temperatures to fall as low as -4 tonight as cold snap settles in Man forced stepdaughter to wear dog collar as he carried out abuse, court hears Woman charged over fatal stabbing says she acted in self-defence DUBLIN Flights to and from Dublin cancelled after Lufthansa pilots strike Snapchat mates and baby-making: Douglas' Dublin links are strong Wax Museum set to close its doors in less than two weeks FRANCE Man finds €3.5 million worth of gold in house he inherited New Zealand's Fekitoa banned but Cane escapes further punishment Two Qatari women robbed of valuables worth €5 million in Paris motorway heist ∞ About Us About Us We're Hiring! Contact Us Advertise With Us Tech Blog Follow Us Twitter Facebook Corrections Report Content Policies Terms of Use Privacy Cookies Advertising Comments Copyright Competition Content copyright © Journal Media Ltd. 2016 Registered in Dublin, registration number: 483623. Registered office: 3rd floor, Latin Hall, Golden Lane, Dublin 8. TheJournal.ie is a full participating member of the Press Council of Ireland and supports the Office of the Press Ombudsman. This scheme in addition to defending the freedom of the press, offers readers a quick, fair and free method of dealing with complaints that they may have in relation to articles that appear on our pages. To contact the Office of the Press Ombudsman Lo-Call 1890 208 080 or go to www.pressombudsman.ie or www.presscouncil.ie Please note that TheJournal.ie uses cookies to improve your experience and to provide services and advertising. For more information on cookies please refer to our cookies policy. News images provided by Press Association and Photocall Ireland unless otherwise stated. Irish sport images provided by Inpho Photography unless otherwise stated. Wire service provided by Associated Press. Journal Media does not control and is not responsible for user created content, posts, comments, submissions or preferences. Users are reminded that they are fully responsible for their own created content and their own posts, comments and submissions and fully and effectively warrant and indemnify Journal Media in relation to such content and their ability to make such content, posts, comments and submissions available. Journal Media does not control and is not responsible for the content of external websites. Switch to Mobile Site | Night mode Sites: TheJournal.ie | BusinessETC.ie | The42 | DailyEdge.ie | Boards.ie | Adverts.ie | Daft.ie Blow the whistle or share a story Upload an image Upload an image cancel Add an image URL cancel Upload a video | Add YouTube video Upload a video cancel YouTube Address (URL): cancel Your email (optional) Submit Alternatively, you can email us at: tips@thejournal.ie Please log in to comment Please log in with facebook to become a fan Please log in RSS feeds available here: TheJournal.ie Latest News Feed Some iPhone 6 screens have been made useless because of 'touch disease' Comments Report an error, omission or problem: Message: Your Email (optional) Submit Create Email Alert Create an email alert based on the current article Email Address One email every morning As soon as new articles come online Submit TheJournal.ie Facebook Edition Share stories with your friends and family easily Comment without having to login More features coming soon...
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Case maker claims the most intriguing new iPhone 7 feature is actually fake Zach Epstein BGR NewsAugust 24, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Apple is expected to unveil its brand new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus smartphones exactly two weeks from today, on September 7th. At that point in time, Apple fans will have to do their best to act surprised — thanks to months of persistent leaks and rumors, we now know just about everything there is to know about Apple's next-generation iPhone models. In fact, the last mystery may have just been solved. Everyone knows what to expect and in spite of all the claims we've seen on gadget blogs that Apple's new iPhones will be "boring," we all know that the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are shaping up to be far more exciting than some might think. Unfortunately, however, a new claim suggests that one of the coolest new features reportedly coming to Apple's new iPhones will be a no-show next month. MUST SEE: iPhone 7: New leak may have just solved the only mystery left According to more reports than we can count at this point, Apple's next-generation iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will feature an updated design with new antennas and no traditional headphone jack. They'll also both sport new cameras, though the iPhone 7 Plus will feature a dual-lens setup while the smaller iPhone 7 will have just one rear camera lens. Several reports have also suggested that another exciting new feature will separate the Plus model from the 4.7-inch iPhone 7: a Smart Connector. First seen on the iPad Pro last year, Apple's Smart Connector is made up of several magnets and contacts that can pass power and data from the iPad to a connected accessory. The addition of a Smart Connector port to the iPhone 7 Plus could open the door for a wide range of nifty accessories similar to what we've seen from Motorola with its new Moto Z and Moto Z Force. Unfortunately, a new claim suggests the iPhone 7 Plus won't actually include the special connector. In a post on Instagram (via Reddit), iPhone case maker Carved penned a quick note about its upcoming iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus cases. The company said that it would have new cases available to ship as soon as Apple's new iPhones are released, and preorders would be made available ahead of launch. The company also noted that as far as it knows, Apple's larger iPhone 7 Plus will not include a Smart Connector. Here's the full post: https://www.instagram.com/p/BJed9XhANfp This is hardly a confirmation, of course, but case makers have been known to get good intel from sources at Apple's manufacturing partners. As such, it might be a good idea to avoid holding your breath for a Smart Connector on the iPhone 7 Plus. Trending right now: iPhone 7: New leak may have just solved the only mystery left Photos show the aftermath of a Galaxy Note 7 that exploded while charging The holy grail: Hack Pokemon Go so you can walk anywhere, no jailbreak required See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Donald Trump’s advisors are lying to him Quartz iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech A laser pointer from the stands helped the Oakland Raiders beat the Texans BGR News How to shop Best Buy’s members-only early Black Friday sale for free, today only BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
Cult of Mac News How-To Reviews App Business Deals Buyback Podcast Magazine Sell your old iPad to us for a special Black Friday trade-in iPhone app gives treasured photos new life [Review] Amazon could bring live sports streaming to Prime subscribers Best iPhone 7 Plus cases under $25 [Reviews] Liveblog: Best Black Friday deals 2016, including $100 off new MacBook Pro Name your price to become a coding pro [Deals] Everything that’s new in Final Cut Pro X 10.3 Today in Apple history: Toy Story arrives in theaters MacBook Pro with Touch Bar now shipping in the U.K. and Europe Apple teases one-day shopping event for Black Friday Today in Apple history: Steve Jobs resigns as Apple CEO By Luke Dormehl • 6:00 am, August 24, 2016 Share on Facebook Share on Twitter News Top stories Steve Jobs' health wouldn't allow him to continue as CEO. Photo: Ben Stanfield/Flickr CC August 24, 2011: Steve Jobs steps down as Apple CEO as his health worsens, with Tim Cook assuming the role of Apple’s seventh CEO. “I have always said if there ever came a day when I could no longer meet my duties and expectations as Apple’s CEO, I would be the first to let you know,” Jobs writes in his retirement letter to the Apple board. “Unfortunately that day has come.” By August 2011, Jobs’ pancreatic cancer had worsened to the point where he knew there were little chance of him returning to Apple as full-time CEO. He talked the decision over with his wife and close confidantes like Jony Ive and Tim Cook. Rather than calling a special gathering of the Apple board, Jobs decided to resign at one of the company’s regularly scheduled board meetings. As a sign of how far his health had declined, Jobs needed a wheelchair to attend, although he insisted on doing so — rather than participating via conference call. After asking for all but Apple’s most senior board of directors to step outside, Jobs read the letter quoted above, strongly recommended Tim Cook be appointed new CEO, and said he looked forward to contributing to Apple in a new role. This was as Chairman of the Board. It wasn’t just an honorific title: Jobs had increasingly moved away from the day-to-day running of Apple in his last few years, which is why Tim Cook’s operations and supply chain wizardry proved so useful. Jobs instead focused on “blue sky” thinking about new, cutting-edge research projects, as well as creative concepts like marketing. Aside from reduced hours to fit around his health needs, that wouldn’t have changed with the shift from CEO to Chairman. Tim Cook spoke a bit about this role for Steve in his recent Washington Post interview, saying that: “When I first took the job as CEO, I actually thought that Steve would be here for a long time. Because he was going to be chairman, work a bit less after he came back up the health curve. So I went into it with one thought, and then weeks later — six weeks later, whatever… [he died.] I know this sounds probably bizarre at this point, but I had convinced myself that he would bounce, because he always did.” In a statement on the day of Jobs’ resignation, Art Levinson, Chairman of Genentech, said on behalf of Apple’s board: “Steve’s extraordinary vision and leadership saved Apple and guided it to its position as the world’s most innovative and valuable technology company. Steve has made countless contributions to Apple’s success, and he has attracted and inspired Apple’s immensely creative employees and world class executive team. In his new role … Steve will continue to serve Apple with his unique insights, creativity and inspiration.” During his last official day as CEO, Jobs was shown the iPhone 4s, which introduced Siri. This was one of the last major projects Steve had been involved with at Apple. What do you think Jobs’ most significant decision was during his time as Apple CEO? Leave your comments below. Posted in: News, Top storiesTagged: Steve Jobs, TIAH: 2010s, TIAH: Steve Jobs, TIAH: Tim Cook, Tim Cook, Today in Apple history About the author: Luke Dormehl is a UK-based journalist and author, with a background working in documentary film for Channel 4 and the BBC. He is the author of The Formula: How Algorithms Solve All Our Problems, And Create More and The Apple Revolution, both published by Penguin/Random House. His tech writing has also appeared in Wired, Fast Company, Techmeme, and other publications. He'd like you a lot if you followed him on Twitter. Deals of the Day See all deals Obi Apple hasn’t been the same since Steve Jobs left. Len Williams I still love my Mac Pro, my MacBook Pro 17″, the several iMacs we have and the Mac mini, plus my iPhone 6, and they all work wonderfully. OS X El Capitan works stably and without problems. iOS 9 integrates very well with OS X and I still find the overall Apple universe to be fun, useful and highly productive. I own and run a graphic design and marketing company, and Apple allows me to run my business with little or no computer problems ever. Thanks Steve for putting such a great company here. You impacted every single aspect of my life (I even met the girl who has become my wife and business partner of 26 years through a Mac software company). News How-To Reviews App Business Deals Buyback Podcast Magazine About Advertising Privacy Most popular Latest Posts Deal of the Day See all the latest Cult of Mac Deals. News How-To Reviews App Business Deals Buyback Podcast Magazine About Advertising Privacy x Please enable JavaScript to view thecomments powered by Disqus.
SHOP MOBILE SITE SEND US TIPS JOIN LOG IN Search all All News Features Blogs Forums CATEGORIES Reviews News Blogs Images Shop COMPONENTS All Components Recent additions: Here's Why Intel Kaby Lake And AMD Zen Will Only Be Optimized On Windows 10 Intel Kaby Lake 7th Gen Core Series: Higher Perf-Per-Watt, Enhanced Media Engine AMD Further Unveils Zen Processor Details And An Impressive Benchmark Showdown Versus Intel Broadwell-E Processors Recent additions: Here's Why Intel Kaby Lake And AMD Zen Will Only Be Optimized On Windows 10 Intel Kaby Lake 7th Gen Core Series: Higher Perf-Per-Watt, Enhanced Media Engine AMD Further Unveils Zen Processor Details And An Impressive Benchmark Showdown Versus Intel Broadwell-E Graphics/Sound Recent additions: ZOTAC GeForce GTX 1070 AMP! Extreme Review NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1050 And GTX 1050 Ti Review: Low Power, Low Price Pascal Custom GeForce GTX 1080 Round Up With ASUS, EVGA, And Gigabyte Motherboards Recent additions: Rivet Networks Killer E2500 Gigabit Ethernet For Gamers With Advanced QoS Tested MSI Z170A Gaming M9 ACK Motherboard Review: Sharp Dressed, Feature Packed Gigabyte, Intel And Corsair Enthusiast PC Components Summit Highlights Storage Recent additions: Samsung SSD 960 EVO NVMe M.2 Review: Ultra Fast, Affordable Storage WD My Passport Wireless Pro Review: Portable Storage For Mobile Devices Samsung SSD 960 Pro NVMe M.2 Review: Blazing Fast, Solid State Storage Misc Recent additions: Das Keyboard Prime 13 Review: A Minimalistic Mechanical Plank Intel Unveils Project Alloy Merged Reality Headset And Partnership With Microsoft For Windows Holographic Shell Hykso Boxing Sensors Review: Wearable Technology And Fitness Collide SYSTEMS All Systems Recent additions: Hot Holiday Gift Guide 2016: Tablets, Smartphones, Laptops, and Systems Hands On And First Impressions Of The Microsoft Surface Studio AIO PC Gigabyte Brix S GB-BSi5HT-6200 Ultra Compact SFF PC Review Desktops Recent additions: Hot Holiday Gift Guide 2016: Tablets, Smartphones, Laptops, and Systems Hands On And First Impressions Of The Microsoft Surface Studio AIO PC HotHardware 2016 Back-to-School Tech Shopping Guide DIY Recent additions: Gigabyte Brix S GB-BSi5HT-6200 Ultra Compact SFF PC Review New Matter MOD-t 3D Printer Review: Low Cost, User-Friendly Creation AMD Powered Star Wars Battlefront Radeon 380X-Powered Gaming PC Build Small Form Factor Recent additions: Gigabyte Brix S GB-BSi5HT-6200 Ultra Compact SFF PC Review Alienware Alpha R2 Review: Big Screen Gaming In A Little Package Gigabyte, Intel And Corsair Enthusiast PC Components Summit Highlights IT/ENTERPRISE All IT/Enterprise Recent additions: Netgear Orbi AC3000 Mesh WiFi System Review A Rare Look Inside Facebook’s Efficient And Frigid Data Center At The Arctic Circle Intel's Investment In FPGAs Could Pay Dividends In Microsoft Data Centers And Mark The Advent Of AI Accelerators Workstation Recent additions: Gigabyte, Intel And Corsair Enthusiast PC Components Summit Highlights NVIDIA Quadro M2000 Review: Affordable Maxwell Pro Graphics Lenovo ThinkPad P70 Mobile Workstation Review: Xeon And Quadro On The Go Data Center/SMB Recent additions: Netgear Orbi AC3000 Mesh WiFi System Review A Rare Look Inside Facebook’s Efficient And Frigid Data Center At The Arctic Circle Intel's Investment In FPGAs Could Pay Dividends In Microsoft Data Centers And Mark The Advent Of AI Accelerators Cloud Recent additions: Microsoft Legal Marijuana Tracking Software Has A Serious Case Of The Munchies ProtectWise Builds Security As A Service Platform With DVR Playback And Jacks You Into The Matrix NVIDIA Launches GeForce NOW Game Streaming Service Software Recent additions: Microsoft Patents Big Brother AI To Monitor Everything You Do In Windows And Feed It To Bing For Search Results Here's Why Intel Kaby Lake And AMD Zen Will Only Be Optimized On Windows 10 A Quick Guide To Customizing Your Windows Desktop Experience MOBILE All Mobile Recent additions: Hot Holiday Gift Guide 2016: Tablets, Smartphones, Laptops, and Systems Huawei Honor 8 Review: A Stylish, Affordable Android Smartphone Alienware 13 R3 Review: OLED, GeForce 10 Pop And Performance Notebooks Recent additions: Hot Holiday Gift Guide 2016: Tablets, Smartphones, Laptops, and Systems Alienware 13 R3 Review: OLED, GeForce 10 Pop And Performance Asus ROG G752 Review: A Pascal Packing Mobile Powerhouse Smartphones Recent additions: Hot Holiday Gift Guide 2016: Tablets, Smartphones, Laptops, and Systems Huawei Honor 8 Review: A Stylish, Affordable Android Smartphone Moto Z Play Review: 8-Cores And Insane Battery Life Tablets Recent additions: Hot Holiday Gift Guide 2016: Tablets, Smartphones, Laptops, and Systems HotHardware 2016 Back-to-School Tech Shopping Guide Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Tablet Review: A 2-In-1 For Pros Gadgets Recent additions: HotHardware 2016 Back-to-School Tech Shopping Guide New Matter MOD-t 3D Printer Review: Low Cost, User-Friendly Creation Samsung Gear Fit2 Review: More Than Just A Fitness Wearable LEISURE All Leisure Recent additions: Titanfall 2 Review And PC Benchmarks Quick Take: Fantastic Mech Fun Exploring NVIDIA's GeForce Experience 3.0, A Beginner's Guide Gears of War 4 Review And Benchmark Performance Quick Take Entertainment Recent additions: Experiencing NVIDIA's SHIELD With Plex Media Server Streaming Prowess YouTube Gains In-App Messenger For Mobile Chatting And Video Sharing Valve Inks Game-Changing Deal With Lionsgate Entertainment Adding Over 100 Movie Titles To Steam Platform Gaming Recent additions: Titanfall 2 Review And PC Benchmarks Quick Take: Fantastic Mech Fun Exploring NVIDIA's GeForce Experience 3.0, A Beginner's Guide Asus ROG G752 Review: A Pascal Packing Mobile Powerhouse Social Recent additions: YouTube Gains In-App Messenger For Mobile Chatting And Video Sharing Microsoft Reportedly Abandoned $8 Billion Slack Bid To Double Down On Skype Genius Tweets? Apple Hangs Out @AppleSupport Sign On Twitter VIDEOS All videos 2.5 Geeks Reviews/How Tos FORUMS BLOGS Shop Subscribe TRENDING: NES Classic Edition Alienware 13 Samsung 960 EVO GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Surface Studio Kaby Lake And Zen Windows 10 home News by Brandon Hill — Wednesday, August 24, 2016 Steve Wozniak Says Apple Will Face Customer Backlash If iPhone 7 Lacks Headphone Jack As with nearly every iPhone released before it, we’ve already gotten a clear picture of the what to expect when the iPhone 7 debuts next month. Leaked schematics, mockups, and prototypes have tipped us off to its design, while it’s easy to surmise that an A10 processor and M10 co-processor will power the device. However, the most controversial design decision by far is the apparent lack of a 3.5mm headphone jack on the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. Apple is instead expected to favor the existing Lightning port to connect to wired headphones. That means that customers will 1) have to go out and buy new Lightning-based headphones, 2) used a 3.5mm to Lightning adapter, or 3) invest in Bluetooth headphones. The design change also means that you will no longer be able to listen to your wired headphones and charge your iPhone at the same time. Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak has offered his two cents on Apple’s move to remove the headphone jack, and he is not a fan. In an interview with The Australian Financial Review, Wozniak claimed, "If it's missing the 3.5mm earphone jack, that's going to tick off a lot of people.” That’s highly probable, as the headphone jack has been with us for so long that we’ve just taken in for granted. And unlike other standards that have been replaced in the past (floppy disks, VGA, serial ports, etc.) Lightning is not a universal standard that could replace the headphone jack on all consumer devices. Of course, customers could always choose to go wireless and use Bluetooth connectivity, but Wozniak adds that this provides an inferior listening experience to a wired connection. "I would not use Bluetooth – I don't like wireless," he explained. "I have cars where you can plug in the music, or go through Bluetooth, and Bluetooth just sounds so flat for the same music. "If there's a Bluetooth 2 that has higher bandwidth and better quality, that sounds like real music, I would use it. But we'll see." Wozniak says that if he purchases an iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus, he’ll most likely use an adapter so that he can still use his custom-fit wired headphones. As for what he sees as the next logical step for digital audio, Wozniak points to USB-C as being the open standard of choice. Android devices are overwhelmingly adopting the standard and Intel has thrown its full backing behind USB-C to kill the 3.5mm jack. "I think USB-C is going to be the future," added Wozniak. "One of my favorite Android phones, the Nexus 5X, uses that connector. It gives it a higher level in my own thinking." Tags:  Apple, (NASDAQ:AAPL), iphone 7, iphone 7 plus Via:  The Australian Financial Review Show comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Follow Us: Twitter Facebook RSS Email YouTube AppStore Google+ 85K 9K 4K 27K CONVERSATIONS Ubuntu Based Zorin OS 12 Linux Could Be...32 Netflix 4K Streaming Comes To PC, But...11 Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella Mocks Apple...9 Apple Reportedly Throttling iPhone 7...8 NVIDIA Offers Free Gears Of War 4...5 Microsoft Rumored To Include x86 on...4 Stanford Study Shows That Students Are...4 FEATURED Hot Holiday Gift Guide 2016: Tablets,... Huawei Honor 8 Review: A Stylish,... Samsung SSD 960 EVO NVMe M.2 Review:... Alienware 13 R3 Review: OLED, GeForce 10... Rivet Networks Killer E2500 Gigabit... ZOTAC GeForce GTX 1070 AMP! Extreme... Titanfall 2 Review And PC Benchmarks... FAVORITES 6 TB Hard Drive Round-Up: WD Red, WD...746k Intel Core i7-6700K And Z170 Chipset...584k Intel SSD 750 Series PCIe SSD Review:...559k Dell XPS 13 (2015) Ultrabook Review,...543k Alienware X51 R3 Review: Console-Sized...485k Know Your Type: Five Mechanical Gaming...435k GeForce GTX 980 Ti Round-Up With MSI,...383k THREADS HotHardware's Fall HP Pavilion x360 13t...8 ATI Graphics Card Overheating Problem7 off topic - why are facebook videos so...6 Am I overclocking a PIC18F4525?1 Your Next Graphics Card GF GTX 1080 Radeon RX 480 GF GTX 1070 GF GTX 1060 Other AMD Other NVIDIA More Results MORE HOT HEADLINES Facebook Reportedly Creates... Facebook Facepalm Moment As Fake... President-Elect Trump’s Top Tech... Researchers Hack Headphones Into... NHTSA Encourages Smartphone OEMs To... Google 'Popular Times' Feature In... Sony Allegedly Covering-Up Serious... Follow @HotHardware SITE Home Reviews News Blogs Images Mobile Site Sitemap CATEGORIES Components Systems IT/Enterprise Mobile Leisure Videos COMPANY About Advertise News Tips Contact MORE Forums Shop STAY CONNECTED Twitter Facebook Google + YouTube Feedburner This site is intended for informational and entertainment purposes only. The contents are the views and opinion of the author and/or his associates. All products and trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Reproduction in whole or in part, in any form or medium, without express written permission of HotHardware.com, LLC. is prohibited. All content and graphical elements are Copyright © 1999 - 2016 David Altavilla and HotHardware.com, LLC. All rights reserved. Privacy and Terms Subscribe to HH News Alerts! Preview Email Address
null
null
TechRadar The source for Tech Buying Advice Search RSS Reviews How To Phones TVs Laptops Deals Photography More Car Tech Wearables Tablets Components Audiovisual Gaming Computing Downloads News Pro Trending MacBook Pro Nintendo Switch Google Pixel iOS 10.1 PS4 Pro All Black Friday Deals News Apple co-founder speaks out against iPhone 7 losing headphone jack Apple co-founder speaks out against iPhone 7 losing headphone jack By Gareth Beavis Mobile phones   'That's gonna tick off a lot of people' Shares Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak has spoken out against the omission of the headphone jack in the forthcoming iPhone 7 release. He told The Australian Financial Review: "If [the iPhone 7]'s missing the headphone jack, that's gonna tick off a lot of people." If you've not been following the saga, Apple is very likely to shed the headphone port in its upcoming iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus handsets, in a move that mirrors that of Motorla with its Moto Z phones… but it's got a few people pretty angry. Woz going on? While Wozniak left the company in 1985, he's still on the company's payroll, although he currently works for Fusion-io as 'Chief Scientist'. He railed against the loss of the popular headphone port, slating the idea that Bluetooth audio would be as good: "I would not use Bluetooth … I don't like wireless. I have cars where you can plug in the music, or go through Bluetooth, and Bluetooth just sounds so flat for the same music." iPhone 7 headphone jack: the story so far He called for Bluetooth to be upgraded to allow for more bandwidth and audio quality, to get better sound from the wireless connection and make it a viable alternative for those who have decent headphones already, and who don't want to have to walk around with a Lightning adaptor stuck to the bottom of their buds or cans. He also, slightly inexplicably, said Apple should move to USB-C, the preferred connection port of manufacturers on many new Android flagships, but didn't explain why he loved it so much other than to say it took his Nexus 5X to a "higher level". It's only a couple of weeks until we see the next set of iPhones, with the launch almost certain to be the week commencing September 5 – so we won't have to wait long to see how distraught Wozniak is going to be. Remember, all the iPhone 7 release date info you could want is right here. Tags iPhone ABOUT THE AUTHOR Gareth Beavis Phones and Tablets Editor Gareth (Twitter, Google+) has been part of the mobile phone industry from the era of the brick to the tiny device in the pocket... and now watching them grow back up to behemothic proportions once more. He's spent five years dissecting all the top phones in the world as TechRadar's Phones and Tablets Editor, and still can't resist answering the dreaded question - "which new phone should I get?" - with 15 choices. Related news VR/AR mash-up may be Apple's ticket to the headset party HTC Vive 2 rumored to be under development with 'Oasis' codename Are you on Chrome? Then watch out for this nasty tech support scam Leak shows GTX 1050 Ti mobile GPU is more than a match for desktop card See more Mobile phones news Load Comments Tech deals, prizes and latest news Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more! No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 The best Amazon Black Friday deals 2016 2 The best Black Friday deals 2016: all the best deals in the UK 3 10 best Bluetooth speakers available today 4 The 15 best laptops of 2016: the top laptops ranked 5 Best phone 2016: the 10 top smartphones we've tested 1 Huawei’s Watch is the price it always should have been thanks to Black Friday 2 The best John Lewis Black Friday deals 2016 3 One to Watch: Apple is gearing up for a big sale this week 4 Warning: there’s another iPhone crash prank heading to your phone 5 iPhone 7 deals: save £125 with these cheapest ever Black Friday voucher deals TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
UK News Gadgets Design Watch This WTF Science Apple Android Search Follow UK News Gadgets Design Watch This WTF Science Apple Android Twitter Facebook Google+ Search Follow Gizmodo UK Twitter Like Gizmodo UK Facebook Recommend Gizmodo UK Google+ apple Steve Wozniak Isn't Thrilled About The Prospect of Apple Ditching the Headphone Jack By Tom Pritchard on at All the leaks and rumours point towards Apple ditching the standard 3.5mm headphone jack in favour of lighting-compatible headphones. Naturally there are quite a few people not happy about that prospect, and Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak is one of them. Speaking to the Australian Fiancial Review, Woz revealed that he's pretty attached to his current pair of headphones and doesn't want to have to replace them  (or getting an adaptor)  for such an arbitrary reason. “Mine have custom ear implants, they fit in so comfortably, I can sleep on them and everything," Woz said, "And they only come out with one kind of jack, so I’ll have to go through the adaptor.” He also added, “if [the iPhone 7 is] missing the 3.5mm earphone jack, that’s going to tick off a lot of people.” He's not wrong. People don't like change, especially when that change suddenly makes all your existing gear obsolete. Nobody is fond of unnecessary adaptors, especially when they might look like this and probably cost a fortune. There's always the wireless option, but Woz doesn't seem to keen on that either. He said if there was a new generation of Bluetooth (which he called Bluetooth 2) that had better bandwidth and lets people listen to something that "sounds like real music," he might use it. The 3.5mm jack and cable is a cheap setup that works well enough for now, but will we have to change in the future? A digital transition might be good, but people don't like ditching what they know - especially if the alternatives aren't as convenient. [Australian Financial Review via VentureBeat] Tags: audio apple headphones phones woz steve wozniak giz uk Tom Pritchard 0 shares 0 Tweet 0 Like 0 +1 comments View & comment Join the discussion Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Popular this week reviews By Alex Cranz on at Google's VR Headset Is So Comfortable I Never Want to Take It Off apple By The Conversation on at Apple's New Touch Bar: A Breakthrough Or Common Sense? nature By James O Malley on at The Most Brutal Moments in Last Night's Planet Earth 2 Premiere reviews By Christina Warren on at The NES Classic Edition Is Everything You Want It to Be Back to top Popular tags UK News Gadgets Design Watch This WTF Science Apple Android IFA 2015 Apps of the Week International Gizmodo US Gizmodo France Gizmodo Germany Gizmodo Italy Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Poland Gizmodo Japan Gizmodo Australia Gizmodo Brazil Our Network Lifehacker UK Kotaku UK TechRadar Get in touch Contact us Send us a tip About us RSS Future is AOP & PPA Digital Publisher of the Year and BMA Media Company of the Year. Gizmodo UK is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. We produce content across four core areas: Technology TechRadar Maximum PC Mac|Life T3 Digital Camera World Gizmodo UK Lifehacker UK Entertainment GamesRadar+ PC Gamer Kotaku UK Music MusicRadar Creative Creative Bloq About Future Jobs PR Advertising Digital Future Privacy Policy Cookies Policy Terms & Conditions Subscriptions Investor Relations Contact Future © Future Publishing Limited, Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885. We use cookies on this website. By using this site, you agree that we may store and access cookies on your device. Find out more here.
null
MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Neuroscience Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Comic Books Life & Style Viral Celebrities Features Tech Science Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg Apple Co-Founder Steve Wozniak Thinks No Headphone Jack For The iPhone 7 Could 'Tick Off' Many Users: Is He Right? 24 August 2016, 8:37 am EDT By Aaron Mamiit Tech Times The Evolution of iPhoneNow Playing Remembering Apple iPhone 1Now Playing ADVERTISEMENT Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak thinks that if the iPhone 7 is missing the 3.5 millimeter headphone jack, it could "tick off" many users. The removal of the headphone jack has long been rumored, but it has not yet been confirmed.  ( Hannes Magerstaedt | Getty Images ) Advertisement It has long been rumored that Apple's next flagship smartphone, presumably to be named the iPhone 7, will not be including a 3.5 millimeter headphone jack, and company co-founder Steve Wozniak thinks that such a move could "tick off" many users. Rumors of the missing headphone jack on the iPhone 7 date as far back as late last year, with reports claiming that the headphone jack will be replaced by Apple's Lightning port. As still asserted by the most recent reports, instead of the traditional headphones currently used by customers, the upcoming iPhone will force them to use the Lightning-compatible EarPods or headphones connected to the smartphone wirelessly through Bluetooth. Apple has not confirmed if the rumor of the headphone jack being absent in the iPhone 7 is true. However, if that would be the case, users who would want to continue using their traditional headphones with the upcoming smartphone might have to purchase a special adaptor to connect them to the iPhone 7. Wozniak is among the people who are against such a change, as can be taken from his interview with The Australian Financial Review. "If it's missing the 3.5mm earphone jack, that's going to tick off a lot of people," Wozniak said, adding that he would not be using Bluetooth for connecting headphones. Wozniak explains that in his cars, compared with listening to music through plugged-in headphones, the sounds heard through Bluetooth-connected headphones are flat. If the iPhone 7 does indeed drop the headphone jack, Wozniak said that he will probably be buying an adaptor to continue using his current headphones. This is because he is attached to the accessories that he is now using, just like many other users. His headphones even have customized ear implants that allow them to fit in his ears very comfortably. The headphones only come with the 3.5 millimeter jack though, so he would have to purchase an adaptor. One alternative that he would like for Apple to pursue would be to develop better Bluetooth technology which will feature better quality and higher bandwidth. Such technology could allow Bluetooth-connected headphones to play real music, as Wozniak describes, and he could see himself using that. The interview continues with Wozniak speaking highly of the USB Type-C port that is being adopted by Google and Samsung in their smartphones, with him thinking that the port would be the future for mobile connections. Whether Apple will indeed drop the headphone jack for the iPhone 7 will only be known once the company officially unveils the smartphone, which is expected to happen sometime next month. TAG Apple, Steve Wozniak, Headphones, Headphone Jack, iPhone 7, iPhone © 2016 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles Apple Possibly Working On Curved iPhone For 2017 Release: Samsung Beware iPhone 7 Plus Spotted In Use In Public With Famous Tipster Apple iPhone 7 Pro Canceled By Apple After Massive Leak? iPhone 7 And iPhone 7 Plus Third Party Case Images Confirm Design Tweaks And Enhanced Camera Features 4.7-Inch iPhone 7 May Not Get Dual-Lens Camera, But Optical Image Stabilization Is Reportedly In Tow From Our Sponsor Active Noise Cancelling Wireless Headphones: Buying Tips If you're out in the market looking to buy wireless headphones, especially active noise cancelling wireless headphones, here's a list of things you should consider. SPONSORED BY Willnorn Advertisement Advertisement Most Popular 1 Video Games 'Pokémon Sun' And 'Moon' Guide: How To Get All The Legendaries And Ultra Beasts 2 Apple Black Friday 2016: Best Deals For MacBook Pro, MacBook Air And iMac From Best Buy, eBay, Amazon And Newegg 3 Google Google Pixel Update Brings Double-Tap And Raise-To-Wake Moves To The Mix Advertisement 4 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Black Friday 2016 Smartphone Deals: Verizon, Sprint and AT&T Samsung Galaxy S7/Edge, iPhone 7/Plus Sales And BOGOs At Walmart, Target, Best Buy And More 5 Video Games 'Pokémon Sun' And 'Moon' Guide: Where To Find Eevee, Pikachu (And Pichu) And Growlithe 6 Gadgets Best Black Friday 2016 Headphone Deals: Grab Beats, Bose, Harman Kardon, Skullcandy From Best Buy, Amazon, Target And Other Retailers 7 Earth/Environment Asteroid That Killed The Dinosaurs Formed Mountain Range Taller Than Mount Everest In Less Than 10 Minutes 8 Gadgets Best 4K TV Black Friday 2016 Deals From Walmart, Best Buy, eBay, Target And More 9 Video Games 'Pokémon Sun' And 'Moon' Guide: How To Get A Shiny Starter Pokémon 10 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech T-Mobile Free iPhone 7 With Trade-In Deal Comes Back For Black Friday, Free Samsung Galaxy S7 And LG V20 Join The Party EDITOR'S PICKS Best Upcoming Smartphones 2017: iPhone 8, iPhone 8 Plus, Galaxy S8, Galaxy Note 8, OnePlus 4 And More Nostradamus Predictions: Did The French Prophet Predict Donald Trump 2016 US Presidential Election Victory Would Lead To World War 3? NASA's 'Impossible' Propulsion Engine EmDrive Passes Peer Review Amgen Cholesterol Drug And Statin Combo Reduces Plaque Buildup In Arteries Of Heart Patients Baba Vanga Predictions: The New Nostradamus? Read Her Uncanny Prophecies On Trump, Islamic State, Obama And End Of The World Xbox One Black Friday 2016 Bundle Deal Prices Compared: Target, Best Buy, GameStop, Walmart, Costco And More Samsung Galaxy S7 To Launch In New Glossy Black Color To Compete With Shiny Jet Black iPhone 7 Marrakech Vision: World's Most Climate-Vulnerable Countries Aiming For 100 Percent Green Energy Best 4K TV Black Friday 2016 Deals From Walmart, Best Buy, eBay, Target And More Life & Style More Life & Style Meet Charlotte, A Massive Huntsman Spider In Australia Freaking Out The Internet Math Abilities Are Not Innate: New Theory May Help In Identifying, Teaching Students With Math Learning Disabilities This Cat Has The Most Terrifying Reaction To His Human Dressing As A Cat Alien Hunters Spot Strange Fossilized Beast Resembling A Grizzly Bear On Mars: Here's What UFO Hunters And Skeptics Think Is The Robot Girlfriend in Calvin Harris’ New 'My Way' Video Really Taylor Swift? [Video] This Dog’s Reaction To Her Favorite Toy Come To Life Is The Happiest Video On The Internet Right Now Lady Gaga And James Corden’s ‘Carpool Karaoke’ Ride Goes Massively Viral, But Can She Beat Justin Bieber And Adele? [Video] Starbucks Secret Menu: What’s In The Franken Frappuccino Beverage Available This Halloween TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideos About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2016 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved. Top Stories From Tech Times Delivered To Your Inbox. No Thanks!
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Technology News Reviews Opinion Internet security Social media Apple Google More Telegraph Technology Steve Wozniak tells Apple: Don't kill the headphone jack in the iPhone 7 The loss of the 3.5mm headphone jack would tick Woz off Credit: Getty Cara McGoogan 24 August 2016 • 4:12pm Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak has warned the iPhone giant that removing the 3.5mm headphone jack from its upcoming device would be a grave error.  Wozniak said Apple should think carefully before "ticking off" customers with the controversial decision to remove the port, which has been present on every iPhone since the original was released in 2007.  "If it's missing the 3.5mm earphone jack, that's going to tick off a lot of people," Wozniak told the Australian Financial Review.  After co-founding Apple with Steve Jobs in 1976, Wozniak left the company in 1985. He still maintains some connection with the company through stock ownership and an annual stipend.  Steve Jobs, John Sculley and Steve Wozniak unveil the Apple IIc computer in 1984 Credit: AP  Wozniak's warning may have come too late. Rumours have been circulating for months that Apple will ditch the 3.5mm port on the iPhone 7, shaving 1mm off the thickness of the phone and making way for Lightning or wireless headphones.  With Apple due to announce the next generation of the iPhone in a fortnight's time it is probably too late to change the design of the iPhone 7 if it has indeed been made without the port.  The iPhone 7 could be released with headphones that connect to the Lightning port Credit: MobileFunTV/YouTube The removal renders the majority of headphones obsolete, and requires customers to have wireless headphones or Lightning EarPods, which Apple is rumoured to be designing. "Mine have custom ear implants, so they fit in so comfortably, I can sleep on them and everything. And they only come out with one kind of jack, so I'll have to go through an adapter," said Wozniak.   "I would not use Bluetooth... I don't like wireless. I have cars where you can plug in the music, or go through Bluetooth, and Bluetooth just sounds so flat for the same music."  Leaked images of the iPhone 7 indicate it could be lacking the headphone jack and home button Credit: Apple Insider However, Wozniak said he does trust Apple not to take big decisions such as this one lightly.  "If there's a Bluetooth 2 that has higher bandwidth and better quality that sounds like real music, I would use it. But we'll see. Apple is good at moving towards the future, and I like to follow that," he said.  Apple has a track record of making design decisions that seem controversial at the time, but retrospectively are obvious given the development of technology: it was the first company to get rid of both floppy disk drives and CD drives in its computers. And it called for the early death of Adobe Flash as the underpinning of interactive content online.  controversial decisions that made the iPhone better Apple is expected to release the iPhone 7 in the second week of September. It is expected to come with an upgraded A10 processor and could have 3GB of RAM, at least in the 5.5-inch version. It will probably look similar to the current generation, but could have an upgraded, bigger camera, pressure-sensitive home button and no 3.5mm headphone jack.  iphone 7: what will it look like   Follow Telegraph Science & Tech READ MORE ABOUT: Apple iPhone Show more Technology latest 23 Nov 2016, 4:30pm Parking chaos as payment app RingGo offline across the country  23 Nov 2016, 11:24am Facebook 'prepares to suppress posts in bid to enter China' 23 Nov 2016, 11:02am How much of the UK has mobile phone coverage? EE offers to pay to help consumers find out 23 Nov 2016, 10:44am Twitter suspends account of its own chief executive Jack Dorsey 23 Nov 2016, 10:34am Battery breakthrough will let phones charge in seconds and last for a week 23 Nov 2016, 12:01am Fraudsters targeting Deliveroo customers steal hundreds of pounds of food  22 Nov 2016, 4:30pm Made.com founder steps down as chief executive as furniture retailer approaches £100m in sales 22 Nov 2016, 4:25pm From Napflix to Manbang: weird and wonderful Netflix rivals around the world 22 Nov 2016, 2:03pm Facebook Messenger scam steals passwords and hijacks accounts 22 Nov 2016, 1:05pm Facebook drone crash investigated by US safety authorities 22 Nov 2016, 11:01am iPhone video bug crashes any Apple phone - here's how to protect yourself 22 Nov 2016, 10:35am NES Classic Mini review: A retro gaming treat – if you can find one 4 21 Nov 2016, 7:33pm IBM pledges UK investment with plan to open four new data centres 21 Nov 2016, 4:31pm Panasonic invests $60m in world's first laundry-folding robot 21 Nov 2016, 12:26pm Nokia confirms it will release a smartphone next year 21 Nov 2016, 12:00pm Ofcom bars dominant BT from bidding on 4G airwaves 03:25 21 Nov 2016, 11:07am Watch how Tesla's self-driving cars see the road 02:00 21 Nov 2016, 9:37am Netflix is now available as a surgical implant - according to this creepy new Black Mirror video 02:09 21 Nov 2016, 6:00am The science behind how the internet works 20 Nov 2016, 9:15pm Comment: It isn't just Facebook - the internet creates bubbles everywhere James Titcomb Premium 01:33 20 Nov 2016, 8:23pm What is Universal Children's Day and why is Google celebrating it with a Doodle? If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2016
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Wed, Nov 23, 2016 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Cliff Taylor: US sets down big marker in European tax battle Treasury sets out Washington’s case, questioning power of the EU Commission Wed, Aug 24, 2016, 15:52 Cliff Taylor Ireland is caught right in the middle of this long-simmering row, shortly before the EU Commission is due to give its final verdict on the Apple case.         The US Treasury has just set down a big marker in the transatlantic battle over corporate tax. The publication of a White Paper on Wednesday is a clear message to Brussels of the level of concern – indeed anger – in Washington over cases taken by the EU Commission relating to the tax arrangements between US companies and EU member states. This is of crucial interest to Ireland, given the case taken by the commission over Apple’s tax treatment here. We are caught right in the middle of this row, under which Washington has just turned up the heat considerably, shortly before the commission is due to give its final verdict on the Apple case. The timing, of course, is no coincidence, and the length of time the commission has taken to reach its final verdict on Ireland and Apple is surely a sign of some nervousness about the likely reaction. The EU Commission is investigating the tax affairs of a number of major companies, many of them US-owned. It has already called for the Netherlands to recoup €30 million from Starbucks (a case facing challenge), while other big US names in the frame are Amazon and McDonald’s. US criticises Commission's stance as Apple tax ruling looms Decision on Apple tax case now expected in September - Noonan Joseph Stiglitz attacks Apple’s Irish tax regime However, there is no doubt that the Apple case is the big one, given the high-profile nature of the company and estimates that billions of euro could be involved, depending on how the decision goes. The US had already fired a number of shots, with US treasury secretary Jack Lew and EU competition commissioner Margrethe Vestager crossing swords. Lew had already written to the commission president, Jean-Claude Juncker, and Washington’s concerns have been made repeatedly clear. Now the treasury paper sets out the US case in a forthright manner. It questions the power of the EU Commission and underlines the US view that it is unfairly targeting American companies. ADVERTISEMENT The White Paper is closely argued. It says that the commission is taking a new approach here, about which US companies had no warning and where it may be going beyond its powers. Because it is a new approach, it is not reasonable to collect “ back taxes”, Washington argues, clearly with an eye on the fact that the Apple case dates back to the 1980s. There has been speculation that it could involve a message too that Apple owes Ireland billions. To add spice to this, the paper argues that US companies might be able to use this to reduce their own tax bills in America. And it underlines the US position that unilateral European action could undermine the nexus of international co-operation and tax treaties, which currently set the rules under which big companies operate. There is, of course, more than a touch of irony here, given that tax avoidance by big US companies is essentially based on US law. The US tax code allows domestic companies to hold cash offshore in the first place and avoid paying tax on it, provided it remains outside the US. US companies have stashed an estimated $2,400 billion (€2,119 billion) offshore, mainly in tax havens. This is a live issue in the presidential election, with Donald Trump proposing a major cut in US corporation tax, from 35 per cent to 15 per cent, and a 10 per cent rate applied to this money held offshore. The downside for US corporations is that the deferral provisions, which allow them to avoid paying tax once the money is earned outside the US, would end. International discussions brokered by the OECD are also examining the issue in depth, under the so-called BEPS process, although progress is slow. For the moment, Washington’s focus is on defending its turf and its companies. It has now outlined to the EU Commission just what it believes is at stake, particularly in the Apple case. The next move lies with Brussels. It is sure to confirm its initial adverse ruling against Apple, but the key question will be the terms of the decision – and whether it attempts to impose a massive bill for taxes it believes date back to the 1980s.       Topics: Cliff Taylor Donald Trump Jack Lew Margrethe Vestager Amazon Apple Google McDonalds Starbucks Washington(US) Read More Cantillon: Lew intervention hints at Apple tax case endgame Tim Cook meets Vestager as Apple tax decision looms Ireland likely to face censure over Apple tax Apple tax criticism is ‘political crap’ - Tim Cook Apple denies ‘special tax deal’ with Irish Government Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Commercial Property Solicitor entitled to damages in Anglo case Technology Clever cube makes for easier shared viewing English Soccer Ex-England player David White reveals sexual abuse by coach Economy Trump has done what he said he would do on Pacific trade deal Sponsored A bank-beating foreign exchange proposition How ‘nudge theory’ can improve pension provision Black Friday: what is it and how to prepare for it Send an AdMailer Christmas card and help a homeless charity ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE GO BACK The account details entered are not currently associated with an Irish Times subscription. Please subscribe to sign in to comment. Comment Sign In I agree to the Terms & Conditions, community standards and Privacy Policy SIGN IN Forgot password? Thank you You should receive instructions for resetting your password. When you have reset your password, you can Sign In. Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Screen Name Selection Hello Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Only letters, numbers, periods and hyphens are allowed in screen names. CONFIRM Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE Forgot Password Please enter your email address so we can send you a link to reset your password. SUBMIT Sign In Your Comments Sign In Sign Out We reserve the right to remove any content at any time from this Community, including without limitation if it violates the Community Standards. We ask that you report content that you in good faith believe violates the above rules by clicking the Flag link next to the offending comment or by filling out this form. New comments are only accepted for 3 days from the date of publication. Latest Business WRC asks Cityjet pilots to defer strike 18:11 Central Bank mortgage rule change: What it means for you 17:35 UK chancellor Philip Hammond maps out post-Brexit future 17:23 Solicitor entitled to damages in Anglo case 15:38 Organisations set to increase IT spend, survey shows 15:18 ADVERTISEMENT Most Read in Business 1 First-time buyer deposits cut to 10% as Central Bank eases mortgage rules 2 Central Bank mortgage rule change: What it means for you 3 What to do in your 20s/30s...if you don’t want to be broke in your 60s 4 Solicitor entitled to damages in Anglo case 5 Loosening of mortgage rules will push up house prices, says Davy 6 Shocking revelations at Rush Credit Union are just the start 7 UK chancellor Philip Hammond maps out post-Brexit future 8 Vulture funds hit by political cave-in on tax reprieve 9 Sorry millennials: Buying a home was just as hard for your parents 10 Michael Noonan says ‘brass-plate operations’ will not be welcome Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Dating Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper eBooks Subscriber Rewards IT Sunday Email Newsletters Breaking news app My Account Newspaper Archive Crossword Club Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Wed 23/11/2016 News US Election Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Dating Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox My Account Manage your account The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
null
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Opinion: Is Apple dropping AirPort products just simple financial sense, or a slippery slope? Trending in Apple MacBook Pro Diary: First impressions in the metal and glass Trending in Apple Review: Koogeek Smart Plug is a simple, inexpensive, Wi-Fi HomeKit device to get started with Siri home automation Trending in Apple Comment: Given the ultra-low repairability of the new MacBook Pro, I’m getting AppleCare this time Trending in Apple Send in the Clones: If Apple doesn’t want to innovate the desktop Mac, it should let others Trending in Apple Hands-on impressions: 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar [Video] August 24 AAPL: 108.03 -0.82 Steven Levy goes in-depth with Apple execs on machine learning, Siri improvements in iOS 10 Zac Hall - 3 months ago @apollozac iOS 10 Siri View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit A more intelligent and connected Siri has been one of the flagship features of recent iOS updates, and Steven Levy at Backchannel has a new interview with Apple execs that features a behind-the-scenes look at what goes in to Apple’s artificially intelligent assistant. The piece begins by detailing Siri’s voice recognition upgrade in 2014 when the system moved “to a neural-net based system” for US users and mentions yet another upgrade coming with iOS 10… Initial reviews were ecstatic, but over the next few months and years, users became impatient with its shortcomings. All too often, it erroneously interpreted commands. Tweaks wouldn’t fix it. So Apple moved Siri voice recognition to a neural-net based system for US users on that late July day (it went worldwide on August 15, 2014.) Some of the previous techniques remained operational — if you’re keeping score at home, this includes “hidden Markov models” — but now the system leverages machine learning techniques, including deep neural networks (DNN), convolutional neural networks, long short-term memory units, gated recurrent units, and n-grams. (Glad you asked.) When users made the upgrade, Siri still looked the same, but now it was supercharged with deep learning. Levy says Apple didn’t publicize the backend upgrade (until now) but the improvements at the time were dramatic (this is around iPhone 6 time if you recall). “This was one of those things where the jump was so significant that you do the test again to make sure that somebody didn’t drop a decimal place,” says Eddy Cue, Apple’s senior vice president of internet software and services. The focus of the piece and the point of the interviews seems to be to communicate that Apple’s Siri is a real competitor to similar efforts by Google and Microsoft. As we sat down, they handed me a dense, two-page agenda listing machine-learning-imbued Apple products and services — ones already shipping or about to — that they would discuss. The message: We’re already here. A player. Second to none. But we do it our way. Here’s Schiller making the case: “We’ve been seeing over the last five years a growth of this inside Apple,” says Phil Schiller. “Our devices are getting so much smarter at a quicker rate, especially with our Apple design A series chips. The back ends are getting so much smarter, faster, and everything we do finds some reason to be connected. This enables more and more machine learning techniques, because there is so much stuff to learn, and it’s available to [us].” And in the piece, Federighi describes Apple’s approach to machine learning as applying to each team’s project versus having a single machine learning team. “We don’t have a single centralized organization that’s the Temple of ML in Apple,” says Craig Federighi. “We try to keep it close to teams that need to apply it to deliver the right user experience.” How many people at Apple are working on machine learning? “A lot,” says Federighi after some prodding. Levy uses the iPad Pro’s Apple Pencil with palm rejection as an example: One example of this is the Apple Pencil that works with the iPad Pro. In order for Apple to include its version of a high-tech stylus, it had to deal with the fact that when people wrote on the device, the bottom of their hand would invariably brush the touch screen, causing all sorts of digital havoc. Using a machine learning model for “palm rejection” enabled the screen sensor to detect the difference between a swipe, a touch, and a pencil input with a very high degree of accuracy. “If this doesn’t work rock solid, this is not a good piece of paper for me to write on anymore — and Pencil is not a good product,” says Federighi. If you love your Pencil, thank machine learning. The piece is probably the most detailed look at Siri that we’ve seen today, and if there’s any news to be made from it, it’s this on Siri and iOS 10: With iOS 10, scheduled for full release this fall, Siri’s voice becomes the last of the four components to be transformed by machine learning. Again, a deep neural network has replaced a previously licensed implementation. Essentially, Siri’s remarks come from a database of recordings collected in a voice center; each sentence is a stitched-together patchwork of those chunks. Machine learning, says Gruber, smooths them out and makes Siri sound more like an actual person. That may explain Barbara Streisand’s September 30th comment from earlier this week if an upgrade to Siri is scheduled separately from iOS 10 which is expected earlier in the month. (I don’t think there was an iOS update, for example, on August 15, 2014 when the upgrade mentioned at the top went global.) The whole piece is packed with interesting stories about Siri dating back to the team being acquired by Apple under Steve Jobs, Apple’s conservative approach to privacy, and what Apple is doing with Differential Privacy in iOS 10. Give it a read here. Image Credit: Michelle Le Guides iOS 10 iOS 10 is the latest operating system for Apple's iPhone and iPad, slated to be released to the public in the fall of 2016 View THe Guide Siri View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals A running list of great iOS and macOS apps on sale this... Let’s Talk iOS 162: Staying out of the gravy trouble Best Mac Bundle: save up to 90% on Parallels, 1Password, TextExpander +... Black and white wallpapers for macOS and iOS   skip to main content skip to main menu     Apple customers spend an estimated $1 per day By Christian Zibreg, Aug 24, 2016 Tweet 1 Comment A lot has been said about Apple’s various services like the iTunes and App Stores, Apple Pay, Apple Music, Apple Care and others now making more money than its Mac business. In the June quarter, for example, the Services category shot up 20 percent year-over-year, raking in nearly $6 billion in quarterly revenue and making Services the second largest part of Apple’s revenue overall. Services allow Apple to generate a steady stream of revenue from existing devices, leading Asymco analyst Horace Dediu to estimate in an interview with The Financial Times that, including hardware and software, existing Apple customers currently spend around $1 per day. The article takes a look at Tim Cook’s performance during his first five years as the CEO of Apple. In it, Apple analyst Horace Dediu notes the Cupertino firm is priced “like a steel company going out of business” because it’s always earned a far lower price-to-earnings ratio than other tech giants like Facebook, Alphabet and Amazon. The Apple of today is a much different company than the Apple of 2011, he noted: Apple is a global empire, much bigger [five years on] in terms of sales, headcount and customers. In some ways that means they may have lost that sharpness of innovation but at the same time this is not a bad place to be. He went on to argue that Wall Street is looking at Apple all wrong. “Instead of being another hits-driven consumer electronics company that could go the way of Nokia or BlackBerry, Dediu views it as a luxury brand with recurring revenues from a growing base of loyal customers,” reads the Financial Times article. With more than one billion unique devices in active use, small wonder that Apple’s Services category is now approaching the size of a Fortune 100 company. According to Dediu’s estimates, Apple’s customers spend around $1 per day, which encompasses spending on hardware, software and services. “Apple will at some point in time have a billion paying customers,” he predicts. “A billion dollars a day from a billion customers is not inconceivable.” Granted, 1+ billion active devices don’t exactly translate into one billion unique customers because some people own more than one device. Nevertheless, it is startling to realize that Apple is now approaching that inflection point where it will be in a position to monetize a billion paying customers with a range of existing services, and ones that are currently in the pipeline. The five charts in this post provide a great overview of Cook’s first five years as the CEO of Apple through five key metrics: cumulative sales and revenues as a percentage of total sales; Apple’s vast cash holdings and return of capital; substantial workforce increase; market value; and installed user base and Services performance. You’ve probably heard by now that today marks Cook’s fifth anniversary as the Apple CEO—he was named the CEO on August 24, 2011—which has unlocked the previously awarded stock bonuses that are currently worth more than a hundred million dollars. Cook’s bonuses during his ten-year tenure as the CEO are tied to the company’s financial performance, including its total shareholder return relative to the S&P 500 index. Specifically, in 2011 Cook was awarded 980,000 restricted stock units as part of compensation package of more than 4.7 million shares. The restricted stock units, some of which have vested today and the others scheduled to vest annually in the following years, are currently valued at nearly $107 million based on Apple’s Tuesday closing price of $108.85. Source: The Financial Times Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Apple’s iTunes owns 75% of digital music sales iTunes Inc. would rank #130 on Fortune 500 Tim Cook: mobile payments ‘one of the thoughts behind Touch ID’ Without iPhone exclusive, China Unicom now turns to low-cost handsets Related Topics Analyst, Apple, Asymco, Horace Dediu, Services, Tim Cook mahe tbh I expected more than $ 1,– per day, I thought it would be at least $ 2,–   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines This Mac app lets you switch between recently used apps via Touch Bar A running list of great iOS and macOS apps on sale this week President-elect Trump promises tax incentives for Apple to build “Made in USA” iPhones Apple could slash prices of next year’s 4.7″ and 5.5″ iPhones with legacy LCD technology iPhone 8 to hit mass production late in the third quarter of 2017   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: ClearClockView, PullOver, & more… PullOver lets you pin an app to your screen for easier multitasking Jailbreak tweaks of the week: EmojiSuggest, PasswordRecovery, & more… EmojiSuggest brings iOS 10-like emoji suggestions to the predictive keyboard WiJoin lets you know what Wi-Fi network you’re connected to iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2016. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Wed, Nov 23, 2016 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Business Technology Data Privacy Tech Tools All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X US criticises Commission's stance as Apple tax ruling looms Tax inquiries into US firms may have ‘chilling effect’ on US-EU investment Wed, Aug 24, 2016, 12:49 Updated: Wed, Aug 24, 2016, 20:51 Simon Carswell in Washington Apple’s use of Irish companies to shield tens of millions of dollars of overseas profit away from high US corporate tax rates was sharply criticised by a Senate panel three years ago in Washington, prompting the EU investigation into alleged illicit subsidies. A ruling on the investigation into Apple’s Irish tax arrangements is expected soon. Photograph: Michael MacSweeney         The US treasury has fired a warning shot at the European Commission ahead of its ruling on whether Ireland broke state aid rules by agreeing a sweetheart tax deal with California tech giant Apple, suggesting Brussels was acting like “a supra-national tax authority”. The American finance ministry has raised concerns about the commission’s targeting of US firms in competition and state aid investigations, warning it could “create an unfortunate international tax policy precedent”. Treasury official Robert Stack warned in a paper published on Wednesday that US taxpayers could end up footing the retrospective tax bills imposed by Brussels on American multinationals operating in Europe arising from its investigations. In an ominous warning for Ireland, which relies heavily on US corporate investment, Mr Stack said in his paper that a substantial number of additional commission investigations against US firms – as Brussels has suggested – “may lead to a growing chilling effect on US-EU cross-border investment”. The voicing of such strong public concerns comes after months of lobbying by US treasury officials fearing the consequences of the look-back audit on tax deals between European states and companies such as Apple, Amazon, Starbucks and McDonald’s. Apple’s use of Irish companies to shield tens of millions of dollars of overseas profit away from high US corporate tax rates was sharply criticised by a Senate panel three years ago in Washington, prompting the EU investigation into alleged illicit subsidies. Decision on Apple tax case now expected in September - Noonan Brexit could delay EU decision on Apple tax - Michael Noonan Ireland faces questions on fruitful Apple tax deal A ruling on the investigation into Apple’s Irish tax arrangements is expected soon. Adverse findings against the companies could have “major implications” for the US and the EU’s recovery of taxes “an outsized impact” on the firms, said Mr Stack. The treasury official even suggested potential retaliatory action, triggering concerns about possible tit-for-tat taxes, should the investigations lead to hefty tax bills. “The US treasury department continues to consider potential responses should the commission continue its present course,” said Mr Stack. ADVERTISEMENT Tax treaties The Obama administration’s concerns are rooted in what it sees as a shift in position by the commission that undermines existing tax treaties between the US and individual states and “broadly accepted” international tax arrangements, and erodes efforts by G20 countries to combat corporate tax evasion globally. “US taxpayers could wind up eventually footing the bill for these state aid recoveries in the form of foreign tax credits that would offset the US tax bills of these companies,” said Mr Stack, a deputy assistant secretary for international tax affairs. The treasury describes in the paper the commission’s approach as “new” and “unforeseeable” by the American companies and EU member states. Ahead of the commission imposing potentially large tax penalties on the US firms, Mr Stack said Brussels should not recover taxes “in a new approach in a retroactive manner because it sets a bad precedent for tax policymakers around the world”. The commission said that it “takes note” of the US treasury’s paper and that it remained available to clarify how it applies “established principles of EU state aid law”. Daniel Shaviro, a tax professor at New York University school of law, said that the US treasury’s paper was unusual but not a surprise given what is at stake. “I have had a sense of how vehement US opinion is, including in the administration, and this reflects the combination of the companies yelling and screaming about it and the quite reasonable feeling that it is in the US interest to stop this,” he said.       Topics: Jean Claude Juncker Margrethe Vestager Michael Noonan Department Of The Treasury Dutch Government Eu European Commission Amazon Apple McDonalds Starbucks Read More Cantillon: Lew intervention hints at Apple tax case endgame Cantillon: don’t forget about that Apple tax decision Apple tax criticism is ‘political crap’ - Tim Cook Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Commercial Property Solicitor entitled to damages in Anglo case Technology Clever cube makes for easier shared viewing English Soccer Ex-England player David White reveals sexual abuse by coach Business Pharmacist taking skincare back to its natural source Sponsored A bank-beating foreign exchange proposition How ‘nudge theory’ can improve pension provision Black Friday: what is it and how to prepare for it Send an AdMailer Christmas card and help a homeless charity ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Latest Business WRC asks Cityjet pilots to defer strike 18:11 Central Bank mortgage rule change: What it means for you 17:35 UK chancellor Philip Hammond maps out post-Brexit future 17:23 Solicitor entitled to damages in Anglo case 15:38 Organisations set to increase IT spend, survey shows 15:18 ADVERTISEMENT Tech Tools Clever cube makes for easier shared viewing Tech Tools: projector for use with smartphones Review: Vivofit Jr, an activity tracker for kids Fool your children into activity by turning it into a game Prynt prints your smartphone photos – and adds video Tech Tools: It’s augmented reality meets actual reality with the help of Zink technology Smart wifi plug gives you the power to control the power Tech Tools: TP Link device means you can use home appliances from your smartphone Most Read in Business 1 First-time buyer deposits cut to 10% as Central Bank eases mortgage rules 2 Central Bank mortgage rule change: What it means for you 3 What to do in your 20s/30s...if you don’t want to be broke in your 60s 4 Solicitor entitled to damages in Anglo case 5 Loosening of mortgage rules will push up house prices, says Davy 6 Shocking revelations at Rush Credit Union are just the start 7 UK chancellor Philip Hammond maps out post-Brexit future 8 Vulture funds hit by political cave-in on tax reprieve 9 Sorry millennials: Buying a home was just as hard for your parents 10 Michael Noonan says ‘brass-plate operations’ will not be welcome Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Web Log Get smart with the Science Gallery Podcast Research finds way to curb racist tweets Angry Chef debunks ‘clean’ eating movement Mac App Store now facing strong competition San Francisco hosts world’s first convention for emoji fans Game Reviews Pokemon Go Review   Gotta catch ‘em all? Be prepared for the long haul Gordon Ramsay Dash   If you can’t stand the heat... Preview: EA’S UFC 2   Step into the Octagon Tearaway Unfolded   Big screen debut for Atoi & Co Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Dating Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper eBooks Subscriber Rewards IT Sunday Email Newsletters Breaking news app My Account Newspaper Archive Crossword Club Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Wed 23/11/2016 News US Election Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Dating Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox My Account Manage your account The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out

Menu Search Search for: Categories Activism Contests Copyright E-Waste Events Fixers Hacking iFixit News Materials Product Design Recycling Repair Smarter Repair Stories Repair tips Teardowns The Amazing Break Tools A Design Defect Is Breaking a Ton of iPhone 6 Pluses written by Julia Bluff People all over the world mail their broken iPhones to microsoldering specialist Jessa Jones. Aided by powerful microscopes and precision soldering irons, experts like Jessa pluck tiny chips off logic boards, swap them for new ones, and resurrect devices over which Apple’s Genius Bar would say a eulogy. Jessa can fix practically anything. But these days, she spends most of her time fixing just one thing. Because every single month, more and more iPhone 6 and (especially) 6 Plus devices show up at her shop, iPad Rehab, with the same problem: a gray, flickering bar at the top of the display and an unresponsive touchscreen. The gray flickering bar you can see across the top of this iPhone is a classic symptom of a problem that repair pros are seeing in more and more iPhone 6 and 6 Plus devices. Turns out, Jessa’s not alone. Lots of repair pros are experiencing the same influx of faulty iPhones—most with flickering gray bars and all with glitchy touch functionality. Rami Odeh, a repair tech from New Orleans, sees up to 100 iPhone 6 and 6 Pluses a month that don’t respond well to touch. About half of the repairs sent to Michael Huie—the specialist behind Microsoldering.com—show symptoms of the same problem. Of course, there’s no way to tell exactly how many phones are afflicted with what we’re calling Touch Disease, but every repair tech we spoke to told us that the problem is incredibly common. “This issue is widespread enough that I feel like almost every iPhone 6/6+ has a touch of it (no pun intended) and are like ticking bombs just waiting to act up,” says Jason Villmer, owner of STS Telecom—a board repair shop in Missouri. He sees phones like this several times a week. If pages and pages of complaints on Apple’s support forum are any indication, Apple’s aware there’s a hardware issue with the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus—but they aren’t doing anything about it. “I took [my phone] to the ‘Geniuses’ at Apple Store in Westfield Valley Fair mall (Santa Clara, CA),” one iPhone 6 Plus owner wrote on Apple’s support forum. “After a very long wait (~2 hrs) I finally met with a rep. He acknowledged the problem (he was very familiar with it), but said Apple doesn’t recognize it as an issue, and so there is not much he can do.” Another iPhone 6 Plus owner was apparently told by an Apple employee that people come in with this issue “several times per day.” “After talking to a tech, I got exactly what I expected ‘You’re out of warranty and you’re [sic] only option is to buy a new phone,” the user wrote. Despite Apple’s white flag, some afflicted users have noticed that strategically twisting the phone a bit or putting pressure on the screen reverses the issue for a while. The gray flickering bar goes away. After a short remission, though, the iPhone illness gets worse. The insidious gray bar of death spreads. Touch functionality gets increasingly glitchier. Eventually, the phone loses touch completely. Touch Disease Goes Deeper than the Screen Here’s where the plot thickens: Replacing the touchscreen doesn’t fix the problem. The gray bar eventually shows up on the new screen, too. Because, according to repair pros, the problem isn’t the screen at all. It’s the two touchscreen controller chips, or Touch IC chips, on the logic board inside the phone. These two Touch IC chips—known as the U2402 Meson and Cumulus U2401 chips, as Apple refers to them—are the root cause of the touch epidemic repair pros have been seeing in the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. Here they are pictured in the iPhone 6. These two chips translate your finger mashing on the display into information your phone can actually use. When the Touch IC chips go bad, you can jab, tap, and poke the screen all you want—your phone can’t correctly process the information. At least, not until the bum chips are replaced with new ones. Apple’s repair Geniuses aren’t equipped to make specialized repairs to the logic board in-house, so they can’t actually fix Touch Disease. But skilled, third-party microsoldering specialists (most “unauthorized” to do Apple repairs, according to official company policy) can fix phones with symptoms of Touch Disease. And they can do it a whole lot cheaper than the cost of a new logic board or an out-of-warranty phone replacement. Which is precisely why so many of these damaged iPhones are finding their way into repair shops around the world. iPhone 6 plus touch ic hell. Did this set of 6 today and sent 10 to Mark. I feel like I am Liam, Apple’s recycling robot. Well, except these phones actually work now. #ipadrehab #iphonerepair #slavetomonotony #touchicdisease A photo posted by Jessa Jones (@ibjessa) on Jul 27, 2016 at 8:10pm PDT “The issue is ridiculously widespread and Apple should’ve issued a recall or maybe a free warranty repair on this problem already,” Huie told me via email. “If you own an iPhone 6+ and haven’t experienced the problem yet, then I think the chances are pretty high that you’ll experience it during the lifetime of the phone.” Bendgate 2.0: The Crackening After fixing hundreds of broken iPhone 6 and 6 Pluses, many pros have developed theories about what causes Touch Disease in these two specific models. One microsoldering pro I spoke to speculated that the U2402 Meson chip—one of the two Touch IC chips on the board—has a manufacturing defect. But the most popular theory I heard is that Touch Disease is the unanticipated, long-term consequence of a structural design flaw: Bendgate. Back when the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus were first released, some owners discovered that the large, wide phones had a nasty habit of molding themselves to the shape of your rump if left too long in a back pocket. The phenomenon, known as Bendgate, was ostensibly put to bed when Apple apparently strengthened weak points in the rear case of the iPhone 6s. “But the fact remains—compared to earlier iPhone models, the iPhone 6/6+ is kind of a ‘bendy’ phone. Its slim form factor and larger surface area subject the logic board within the phone to mechanical flexion pressure that no other iPhone has had to deal with,” Jessa explains in a detailed blog post. The iPhone 6 Plus—the wider of the two phones—appears to be especially susceptible to this kind of damage. In both the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, the Touch IC chips connect to the logic board via an array of itty-bitty solder balls—“like a plate resting on marbles,” Jessa explains. Over time, as the phone flexes or twists slightly during normal use, those solder balls crack and start to lose contact with the board. “At first, there may be no defect at all. Later you might notice that the screen is sometimes unresponsive, but it is quick to come back with a hard reset,” Jessa explains. “As the crack deepens into a full separation of the chip-board bond, the periods of no touch function become more frequent.” Any drops or heavy handling keep chipping away at the cracked solder balls. Damage enough of them, and the connections between the chips and the logic board are severed, signals are lost, touch gets glitchier, and then goes away altogether. Size Matters—But the Devil’s in the Details Of course, the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are also big phones—so why doesn’t Touch Disease happen to them, too? It turns out that size matters—but it’s not the only thing that matters. In the iPhone 6s/6s Plus, Apple moved the susceptible Touch IC chips off the logic board and onto the display assembly, presumably sheltering them from most of the flexing forces the logic board is subjected to. And repair professionals have singled out other problematic design elements of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. In other phones, a little blob of cured “underfill” beneath critical chips helps to keep solder balls secure—but there’s no underfill anchoring Touch IC chips to the board in the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. In previous iPhone models, Apple also covered the Touch IC chips with a rigid, metal EMI shield. In the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, the rigid shield was replaced with a pliable sticker shield. “Since the Touch IC chip doesn’t have underfill, nor a metal backing, it seems to be the first to ‘break off’ the logic board,” Huie explains. “When I say ‘break off,’ I mean the solder joints break off from the chip, which causes the no touch.” How Do You Fix Touch Disease? So what do you do if you see a gray, flickering bar at the top of your iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus? That twisting trick we mentioned earlier? Turns out putting pressure on the screen allows the chip to make full contact with the board again, Jessa explained. But it’s not a permanent fix. It’s a bandaid—and a poor one, at that (don’t break your phone trying to fix it, please). The only permanent fix is to replace the phone (expensive), replace the logic board (also expensive), or replace both Touch ICs on the board (less expensive). Watch our interview with Jessa to learn more: So, if you’re experiencing symptoms of Touch Disease and you’re still in warranty—now might be a good time to take advantage of that warranty replacement option. Though, there’s no guarantee that your replacement phone won’t suffer from the same issue somewhere down the line, too. If you’re out of warranty, you can take your phone to an electronics repair shop that offers board-level repairs. A good microsolderer can replace those two Touch IC chips on the iPhone’s logic board for less than the price of a new phone. (Make sure the shop you choose replaces the chips, and doesn’t just reflow them, warns Jessa. Reflowing—or heating up the chips until the solder melts and reconnects to the joint—doesn’t fix the loss of touch in the long run. The problem tends to come back.) In order to ensure that Touch Disease is actually cured, some repair shops have been experimenting with ways to keep the logic board from flexing. After a Touch IC repair, iPad Rehab, for example, has been adding a strong metal shield over the top of the chips as an internal reinforcement. “We have found that placing our own mod—a metal shield soldered over the sticker shield—seems to protect the phone from future recurrence of the problem. We (and others) have only recently started sending out our Touch IC jobs with the ‘futureproof’ shield on them,” Jessa says. So far, she says, none of her customers have reported any adverse effects from the hardware mod. Of course, no option involving independent repair would be endorsed by Apple. In fact, Jessa and colleague Mark Shaffer have been censored and banned from posting on Apple Support Communities for explaining why touch fails and suggesting third-party repair as a solution. Repair pro Mark Shaffer’s post on Apple Support Community before it was edited by a mod. And after. So it seems like Apple is happy to sell people replacement phones, but they seem unwilling to point iPhone owners to the only people who can actually fix the problem: independent repair shops. “[Apple doesn’t] tell customers they can get it fixed at an independent service center. They don’t offer repair of it at all. The only option that Apple offers to people who encounter this problem is ‘Would you like to buy a new iPhone?” says Louis Rossmann—a board repair expert from New York City—in a YouTube video on the topic. Rossmann predicts that, eventually, the Touch Disease problem will probably explode into a class action lawsuit—at which point Apple will be forced to respond with some sort of extended warranty program. But only if customers start banding together and demanding more support from Apple for this problem. If you’ll remember, it took an exposé and a massive public outcry for Apple to address Error 53—and that was a comparatively easy-to-fix software issue. Touch Disease is a hardware problem; Apple can’t fix this thing with an iOS update. Addressing Touch Disease is going to be more complicated, and more costly. But if the issue is as widespread as repair pros suspect, then Apple should start offering customers solutions instead of excuses. And they need to do it soon. “Apple has designed phones better than this in the past. They need to design phones better than this in the future,” says Rossmann. “And they need to take accountability and responsibility for the devices that people have been paying for right now that don’t work the way they’re supposed to.” August 23, 2016 written by Julia Bluff in iFixit News, Product Design Previous Post Note7 hardware seems to live up to the hype Next Post 7 Days of Apple Silence and Touch Disease Isn’t Going Away Julia Bluff Julia Bluff is a writer, blogger, and repair advocate at iFixit.com 199 Comments on “A Design Defect Is Breaking a Ton of iPhone 6 Pluses” Milorad Ivovic August 23, 2016 at 10:01 am Never seen so much speculation and anecdote in one place before. I’m not sure whether to be appalled or impressed. Loren Nunley August 23, 2016 at 11:26 am We at The Cell Phone Doctor in CORINTH, MS see upwards of 100+ of these myself, replacing both IC’s and adding the mod seem to help. It only seems to be a growing problem with the age of these two devices as well. Chris Milne August 23, 2016 at 11:33 am I had this exact issue and it’s very frustrating. It started out happening only once and awhile until it got so bad that I couldn’t even use my phone. I took my first one back to Apple and got it replaced under the 1 year warranty, but now only 9 months later the phone is doing the exact same thing and I can’t even use it. I went back to the Apple store yesterday and they said sorry its out of warranty the only thing they could do would to be sell me a refurbished iPhone for $450! After arguing with them, the “Genius” said the best he could do would be to say it had a battery issue and he would get me a replacement for $99. I took this deal since I knew Apple would never give me a new phone for free. I’m very frustrated with Apple right now and have lost all my faith in them. I will help support this cause in any way I can because Apple needs to be admitting to their design flaw and offer people an extended warranty or give them a 6S/6S+ since they resolve the issue in this model. Scott Sterling August 23, 2016 at 11:35 am I have had four 6 Plus’s replaced by Apple due to this problem. And in my experience, I agree that flex is the source of the problem. After much polite insistence, I was told by Apple Support that if my latest phone did it again they would give me a 6S Plus. That was four months ago and so far it’s fine. Austin Y August 23, 2016 at 12:49 pm I must admit that I am slightly skeptical as to the extent of the defects described. I personally cannot say I’ve ever seen this issue – and I work in a cellular retail location as the de facto tech on-site. I’m not saying the issue does not exist, only that it is likely not as extreme in its severity as described in the article. TKM August 23, 2016 at 1:06 pm https://discussions.apple.com/message/30558185?ac_cid=tw123456#30558185 Austin: If you haven’t seen the issue please take a look at the link above. I am an Apple fanboyz (that’s how you can describe me) but until i have the issue, I have full faith in Apple that they will always do the right thing. Even after the Jobs; Tim Cook hails from my Alma Mater, and Ivy (my industrial design idol). I googled and have seen so many people asking for the same issue. I felt like I am cheated, and even feel like Class Action (even though I believe US already has too many litigations). I can post the videos of the same issue. This is after two phones (One replaced new phone) Paul Aster August 23, 2016 at 1:16 pm What a mess! Reminds me of the Palm T3 digitizer fiasco. Then, though, a replacement digitizer took care of things. As to this, going forward, a key solution is to always buy Square Trade ADH warranty protection with the iPhone. If you have, then, if you drop it, bend it, spill water on it, break it, etc. They will fix it! Or, cover the costs of repair by Apple or anyone else. I don’t work for them, but am a happy customer. Alas, it seems that Apple’s quality control has gone down, so such protection is essential! Daniel August 23, 2016 at 1:49 pm This is a joke my phone was out of warranty for like 2 months and Apple wanted me to pay $350 to fix it. It’s not like the will go broke doing the right thing. ScottY August 23, 2016 at 1:52 pm The HUMIDITY makes mine act up; I was in Tokyo Japan last week when it was extremely humid and hot and alway act up outside, but when air conditioned and cooled, the grey bar and the nonresponsiveness goes away. But when back outside in the heat and humidity the grey bar forms and the touch screen is non-responsive. Mark S, Lansing mi August 23, 2016 at 1:53 pm Now, anticipating the iPhone 7 being release very soon, and my plans to buy one are in place, I feel worried about my ability to resell my 6 Plus.. Mine works fine now… I hope this won’t affect the resale value.. :( Aaron August 23, 2016 at 1:57 pm This happened to me and from searching around online and talking to Apple employees – it is indeed a wide spread issue. If this is happening to you the best course of action is to call Apple Care tech support and politely complain about the issue. If the initial person doesn’t agree to replace for free – escalate to a supervisor. They can do the paperwork on their end and schedule an appointment for you. This way you don’t need to haggle with an Apple store employee – I was told that they cannot do much in store. Hopefully the phone they gave me doesn’t get the same issue again :( Tom August 23, 2016 at 2:13 pm The issue seems to be more serious on iPhone 6 Plus with PCBs supplied by UMT. The UMT board itself is more prone to be damaged by bending, not only the solder balls, but the pads and wiring on the PCBs sometimes get pulled. Reworking does not fix these kinds of damage, you have to test the pads for open circuit and run a wire to fix the damage. In China, repair shops usually refuse warranty or charge extra if they fix iphones with UMT PCB, because they are so easy to fail again. ikir August 23, 2016 at 4:09 pm Yes bring it to unofficial repairs so they can totally destroy your iPhone as it happens 90% of time! iFixit is a great site (i’m a costumers too), sadly this propaganda and articles are pathetic. Not everybody SHOULD try to repair devices since 99% of population are clueless, stop this no sense. Apple do the right thing to don’t accept unofficial repairs, users always blame Apple omg someone else not their own stupidity, in my work at least one time a day i must talk to an idiot who blame Apple if his iPhone broke when he jumped for month on it or because it fell in water for just a minute… damn you are idiots, iFixIt staff too sadly. Ian Rees August 23, 2016 at 4:19 pm I had a different problem on my iPhone 5s which was if you deleted a phone contact the next day it would come back Apple told me that you must switch off the contacts in the iCloud ,which I did but it was still happening it was only after the latest upgrade to 9.3.4 that the problem was cured Jan M Gerdes August 23, 2016 at 5:19 pm I am on my 3rd 6Plus. I have been given a “new phone twice, but now I am over the warranty (which is only the original phone’s first year! Each time, they told me there was nothing they could do but replace it. Mine has only lasted an average of 4 months each time, and now I have almost given up but for this article. They want me to pay 329.00 for a 4the replacement. Not only is that unacceptable, but I don’t want a 6 plus anymore. It will do the same thing in 4-6 months. Mine is a 128 gigabyte model, so every time has been a 1000.00 bucks worth of exchange for the same damn problem. You would thing Apple would have come up with a better policy on these phones than “oops your warranty is out”. I have been an apple fan since ’86, own Mac Pro’s, MacBook Pro’s, iMac’s, 5S, 6S Plus and have never been more disappointed! Beau Frazer August 23, 2016 at 5:29 pm I’m on my third 6+ in 18 months. Sounds like it’s only a matter time before I’m on my fourth! I’m not sure I’d be happy to take my phone to an unauthorised repairer but let’s face it these phone aren’t cheap to replace if you don’t have any warrantee left. People dismissing this issue or expressing skepticism obviously have no idea how often this is occurring. Gary August 23, 2016 at 5:31 pm Happened to me, now im the priud owner of a Galaxy S7 couldnt be happier OMG this thing has everything i was missing on my iphone, not going back now, besides i want a headphone jack and i dont need apple or anyone telling me i cant. Steve August 23, 2016 at 5:38 pm Luckily I have the 6S plus but if I had the problem I would not hesitate to send it to Jessa at Ipadrehab. She does great work, as does Louis! Eric August 23, 2016 at 7:17 pm Who puts a $700 phone in their back pocket? That just seems like the worst place for it. Cam August 23, 2016 at 7:52 pm This is why I’m glad I’ve always chosen the “S” models over non-S models. The S models have tended to be a lot less trouble than the non-S models. Concerned Specialist August 23, 2016 at 9:29 pm What took you guys so long? This has been happening since day one. It’s still a 1-2 per hour per tech issue in most stores. Keep putting this info out! Arthur Pique August 23, 2016 at 9:40 pm I’m on my 5 th IPhone 6plus. Lucky to have Apple Care Plus. The Apple Genius mentioned an internal company memo that addressed this problem, originating in one of four factories that manufacture the motherboard , so assuming it’s true probably 25% of all 6 plus models might experience this problem. The Apple Genius said they’ve been trying to weed out all the defective phones as customers brought them in . Not sure what happens if your warranty expired. Doesn’t seem right if they make you pay over $300 for a replacement. And even with the Apple Care Plus it’s been an inconvenience having to go through all the replacements. Mike Miller August 23, 2016 at 10:15 pm It’s about time this issue got notice. I ended up cracking my screen doing the ‘bandaid’ fix for months, just got it repaired from Apple OOW, and of course, the display still is screwed up. Fortunately, I’ll probably be able to get a new one since I just paid $140 for a ‘display repair’ and got a new 90 day warranty on their repair, but we all know even a new one is probably not going to last until iPhone 7S/8 comes out. Apple, this is disappointing and should be an extended warranty repair for all affected units. Todd August 23, 2016 at 10:52 pm Wow. Happened to me yesterday. Exact issue with that strange bar at the top, then touch screen is largely unresponsive. Started on its own, without dropping or abusing phone. This “6 plus” turns out to be a big minus! Ken Martin August 24, 2016 at 12:34 am In New Zealand, if an Apple product fails just outside their standard one-year warranty, or within a reasonable period thereafter, perhaps within the expected life of the battery, Apple cannot wash their hands of any liability. Our Consumer Guarantees Act says products have to be durable, based on what a reasonable person would expect. Beeder August 24, 2016 at 12:57 am Slightly ITT reporting I think – Must be a US thing – I run a Repair company in the UK and have not once seen this issue . We repair over 100 iPhones phones a week Kim August 24, 2016 at 1:40 am If this is just a “cracked solder” issue, why must the chips be replaced? Why not just clean off the old solder and resolder them back on? Gadget August 24, 2016 at 5:33 am If the problem is with the touch controller chips and replacing the screen doesn’t help, why does it manifest as a grey bar as well as lack of response to touch? The touch controller chips have nothing to do with the display driver or the connection to the screen. The touch sensitive layer in the display is on a separate ribbon cable to the RGB part, so why the grey bar? Also as Kim says, if it’s just cracks in the solder joints, heating the board up to reflow the solder should fix it – no replacement chips needed. It doesn’t seem like the causation / correlation has been completely figured out here, but bravo on becoming a world wide story… iPhone 6plus problem August 24, 2016 at 5:35 am I am on my 6th 6 plus with the same problem Everytime!!! I wonder why they won’t replace them with a new 6 +S just to take care of their customers?! It’s ridiculous! Stuart Keen August 24, 2016 at 6:30 am I’ve had the same Touch Screen problem with my iPhone 6 six months after purchasing new, but without the flickering gray bar. I took it to the local Apple Geniuses Bar in Sarasota for repair. By now the phone was already out of warranty. Apple offered to replace the screen at a cost of $105 or new phone. Now that I read it’s not the screen itself, glad I did nothing. For the past year the problem raised it’s ugly head about once or twice a week. I have to do a hard reset to get it functional again. Sometimes one hard reset will not suffice. But the problem will usually repeat itself all day long. Very, very frustrating and annoying. Then the problem goes away for a couple of days or maybe a week and then return. I have enjoyed Apple products since 1981 (six Apple ll’s) and only wish Apple would honor the faithful by listening and fixing a well documented problem. Shame on Apple (as I was writing this on my iPad, suddenly everything got refreshed and the above was wiped out – but I had saved! Suspicious! Does Apple have control over complaints. :-). never again August 24, 2016 at 6:37 am On my second 6+ and this one has the same defect IC, went to the apple store here in Sweden and they told me to pay 350 USD to get an refurbished 6+. Apple doesnt take responsibility for their products so its seems ! this will be my last apple product… David August 24, 2016 at 6:57 am This exact same thing happened to my iPhone 6 Plus last week. Touch screen became semi-responsive; then very quickly completely unresponsive, with the narrow grey band at top of screen flickering. Once the touch screen is non-functional, the iPhone was effectively useless: can’t use any apps; can’t initiate or receive any calls. Apple tech support via chat was not a good use of time. I went to Apple Store and they replaced my phone under Apple Care warranty (one month remaining). But a frustrating pain in the neck and time consuming problem to deal with. Come on Apple: if you know this defect is a widespread product defect problem, then own up to it and replace with phone versions that don’t have this continued problem. And take care of customers who are out of warranty. And whose replacements suffer the same fate. Ryan August 24, 2016 at 7:05 am My sons 6plus has this issue. Phone is pretty much bricked now. The touchscreen does not work at all. Warranty is out, so had to activate his old 4s. Took it to the Apple store and they said since not under warranty we would have to purchase a new phone. Sign me up for the class action lawsuit. Samuel August 24, 2016 at 7:14 am Same here! I hav to paid to get a replacement phone! So unfair! I loved apple product but this disappoints me. Tim D August 24, 2016 at 7:49 am I’m on my 3rd iPhone 6 Plus. The previous 2 having succumbed to the flickering and unresponsive screen issue. Fortunately, Apple had to replace them under UK consumer law as they were under 2 years old. But when you’ve paid nearly £900 for a phone and carefully looked after it, you’d expect to get more than 2 years use out of it. Lisa August 24, 2016 at 8:39 am This is happening on my iPhone6 and it seems to be getting worse. Just happened 2 nights ago in fact. My screen showed a weird green zigzag and was unresponsive, then turned off. I couldn’t restart for at least 5 minutes. C’mon Apple- admit your mistake and fix this. Apoorv August 24, 2016 at 8:41 am I had exactly the same problem as this, but thankfully Apple replaced my phone for free (Apple Store, Palo Alto). Glad we’ve established this is a real problem and that I wasn’t the only one going through it. Adam August 24, 2016 at 9:18 am Had this EXACT issue with my 6plus. Definitely a design fault. Apple were quick to replace it (although genius did say it was MY fault for keeping my phone in my pocket and saying I had slightly bent it over time). I did laugh; where else do men keep their phones if not in their pockets?! Anyway, exchanged for free and second one has been fine for now. If it happens again, out of warranty, I’ll know to push for a replacement. Justin gould August 24, 2016 at 9:31 am I wouldn’t have thought replacing the chip is nesasary and I’m sure just a re flow would solve the problem, then maybe add a little metal plating for added strength to prevent further flex damage Rudy August 24, 2016 at 9:42 am I’m on my 2nd year with my original iPhone 6Plus. No hardware issues. I’ve taken it to go bike riding, the beach, several trips around the world. I accidentally dropped it a few times. Still works! YMMV Ron August 24, 2016 at 9:43 am Never had this problem, but I do have an issue with my Bluetooth headset. Apple acknoweldged last year, upon release of iOS9 that they are aware of the problem and that it is an APPLE issue. Also confirmed this with LG as a member of their executive office has the same issue. The problem still exists. I know of others with the same problem. Yet Apple has kept quiet, refusing to warn consumers about potential BlueTooth issues. Why is NO one talking about this? I’ve called and written to many Tech writers and no response. Is everyone afraid to report bad things about Apple? Dave August 24, 2016 at 9:43 am My 6+ just started doing this last week. No Bueno… Melvin Morales August 24, 2016 at 9:52 am My iPhone 6 plus has been doing this for the past week or so. Took it to the Apple store but they said they couldn’t do anything about it. I’ve been a loyal Apple consumer for a couple years now and recently I have been more frustrated with them than ever before. I brought this great product when it launched for $900 64gb unlocked to last me atleast 3-4 years and now its unusable after only 1 year and 11 months. Iftikhar August 24, 2016 at 10:06 am Yes, I have the same issue, usually occurs on hot and humid days, I think Apple should provide a fix at their a cost, it is a most expensive phone. Car defects are fixed by the manufacturers so Apple should pay for this defect. Jessa August 24, 2016 at 10:16 am In response to the shop owners that claim to not have seen this problem in droves–seriously? Even shops that only fix MacBooks are getting people coming in for touch ic failure. Wake up! In response to above comment about visual artifacts not being related to touch ic–not true. Pull a meson touch ic chip off the board or bridge any related touch cap–you will see lines in the display. In response to folks insisting that reflow can solve. It doesn’t. Reflow is a band aid that works no better than paper shims and other easy fixes. We have been dealing with this problem for a year—those strategies definitely don’t work long term. The only robust solution to date is replacing the touch ics and adding a metal futureproof shield on the back of the board. Not Happy August 24, 2016 at 10:24 am Unfortunately this affects also my 6s plus. Since I have the phone, I miss around 5% of the phone calls in locked state because of being unable to swipe (yes this is my first iPhone and I am very disappointed from this not even being able to use this AS A PHONE!). Screen always works fine after the call has been lost. At first I thought its the screen protector as I have barely any apps installed which could have screwed up the system… I just hope that this creates enough public pressure that they offer a free fix for this, a class action or I will sell this crap to make it someone else’s problem. Spread the word: https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2016/aug/24/touchscreen-chip-flaw-iphone-6-plus-touch-disease Georgia Anne August 24, 2016 at 10:34 am The touch feature you have described is exactly the problem I am having. The AT & T store offered to sell me a new phone, or as another solution they suggested that I might wait and buy a new one in September or October. The only other suggestion was for me to take it to an Apple Store, but the closest one is over 90 miles away. I left The AT & T store as a very unhappy customer. There is an interesting article today in the Wall Street Journal about this problem. It is a huge problem for iPhone 6 users. This is the link: http://www.siliconbeat.com/2016/08/24/touch-screen-woes-plague-Apple-iPhone-6/ John August 24, 2016 at 10:52 am The Toys-R-Us and we don’t even know! Iworkthere August 24, 2016 at 11:41 am Fuck your use of quotation marks Richard Parker August 24, 2016 at 11:58 am The Problem here is USER. I have seen the comments on here but NO ONE has said how they use their phone. Well I will tell you. People put the phone (earpiece first) into their purse, backpack, or back pocket.. I see people doing this EVERY day. Now over time that part of the phone will be worn.. you can’t TELL me its a coincidence that the same area of the phone that will be in contact with the high wear especially given its in the back pocket. Of COURSE a new iPhone 6 S will not have this problem.. YET.. you haven’t HAD it long enough for it to wear.. This is a USER related, misuse problem NOT a defect. PERIOD. ITs how people treat their phone which is lick a worthless trinket, not an expensive device that should be taken care of. This is NOTHING more than attempted hype by iFixIt to extort either some attention from Apple or money or both… This is simply a matter of PEOPLE misusing their devices.. So tell me why is it ONLY at the top? huh.. it seems logical it should appear ANYPLACE on the screen if this is a “random” problem with the touch screen.. It’s not a random location and its not widespread (100 a month reported in different locations is hardly representative if the 100 million Apple has sold).. even collectively is a VERY small percentage. This is a USER related issue not a manufacturers defect and if it *IS* a defect it should appear regardless but its not.. I have had my iPhone 6 Plus (not ‘S’) for 21 months.. and its fine because I have a case and I KNOW how to take care of expensive things apparently MOST people do not. Therefore this is not an Apple problem probably why we have not heard a statement.. PEOPLE are the problem not the device. Bob August 24, 2016 at 12:38 pm Richard – that is ridiculous. People have been putting phones in their pockets, purses or backpacks since smartphones EXISTED and this has never been a problem. Why would a change in behavior NOW be necessary? It IS ABSOLUTELY a defect, because phones have not done this before. Also, the 6S has been out for nearly a year, and some of these people have gone through multiple phones in 18 months, so OBVIOUSLY they don’t all show up after a year of use. Your entire argument is beyond RIDICULOUS and you should keep your mouth SHUT. Apple does not comment on things like this QUITE often, as they don’t want to draw ATTENTION until they cannot ignore it any more. * use of CAPS LOCK was meant to mock you further, in case that went over your head too. Pete August 24, 2016 at 12:59 pm I had a iPhone 6 Plus that had this problem. Very very frustrating. I took it to the apple shop, 3 months out of 1 yr warranty. They seemed to recognise the issue straight away and said i had to buy a new phone but at a reduced price. And the new phone only carries 3 months warranty. All seems a bit of a con to me. Would be really interesting to know if they are made to fix the issue for phones that are post the 12 month warranty. Steve August 24, 2016 at 1:03 pm I have the exact symptoms described with my 6plus. I took it to the Apple Store and was told a new phone was needed. Extremely frustrating. The phone is little over 2 years old. Simon West August 24, 2016 at 1:46 pm I had 4 iPhone 6 plus’ replaced for this exact fault, they ended up giving me a 6plus s. It took some serious effort to get apple to admit that all 4 definitely had the same fault, but the level of evidence i submitted resulted in them sighing and giving in. Adam August 24, 2016 at 1:53 pm After I bought my new iPhone 6 Plus, about 10 months later , I had noticed that my touch screen would not work all the time, took it to the Genius Bar and they replaced the screen. 3 months after that the problem keeps reappearing …. Now what ? my warranty is expired! Ed August 24, 2016 at 2:15 pm [quote]”It IS ABSOLUTELY a defect, because phones have not done this before.”[/quote] No, but prior to the iPhone it’s blinding true that phones had other issues. I guess if you want to call them defects. I mean it’s one thing if the wheels fall off of your Corvette, it’s quite another if you constantly drive it on rough, uneven roads littered with debris and pot-holes. This isn’t to say that Apple should get a pass, but this is the first I’ve heard of the issue. Billy N. August 24, 2016 at 2:24 pm We had two iPhone 6 Plus phones my wife’s and mine. Both phones had this exact issues as you mentioned on this article. My phone was recently replaced and my wife was replaced last February. My phone is obviously okay sinced it’s just been replaced but my wife’s phone that got replaced last February is showing the same kind of problem again. I really think that Apple should acknowledge this issue and really should do something about it. We should spread the word out and maybe we can get Apple to listen. People who are having this issue needs to come forward and make there voices heard. We deserve a reliable iPhone like the iPhone’s that came before the iPhone 6 Plus. j0vian August 24, 2016 at 2:44 pm Sounds like not putting your phone in your pocket is good preventative maintenance. I suggest putting your phone in an Otter Box the day you get it and leave it in there. Never put your phone in you pocket, I see chicks all the time with their phone sticking out of their back pocket. I just shake my head and go about my business. Ben Duffy August 24, 2016 at 2:44 pm I run a mail-in board repair business in Australia. (geelongmicrosoldering.com.au) At any given time, i have minimum one of these on my desk. More often than not i have more than 5. At this very point in time i have 7 in my queue and 5 on my completed shelf. I get more sent to me every day. Its getting to a point where maybe 40% of the devices in my queue are touch ic, most of those 6 plus. The “future proof” shielding definitely helps. Prior to the notion, which came from Larry Johnson at HandHeldRehab, the reality is that the return rate of iPhone 6 plus touch ics was higher than anyone wanted to talk about. You could replace the IC’s but the structural issue that resulted in the original failure was bound to come back eventually. So now we all replace both IC’s and add a metal shield to give the board some structure, and we rectify part of a design issue, and fix the issue without the need to completely replace the device. Thats what independent repair is. A community of individuals who go the extra mile to find out how and why an issue exists, without hiding the details. It will be interesting to see apples response this time, but i feel like they either have to admit there is an issue and offer a recall, or admit there is an issue and support independent repairers who are doing everything they can to rectify the issue, and not keeping it a secret at all. Deanne August 24, 2016 at 2:51 pm I have experienced these problems recently with my 6s and I’m glad to find out it is a problem. I been going crazy trying to figure out what the heck is going on. One thing I hate is that if I go to Apple they will replace it with another refurbished phone and its a crap shoot if you actually get a phone that will have no problems or not. Why cant they replace it with a New phone that they know wont have these issues for sure rather than how than a refurbished one that may have the same problem. Yes it does happen. After all these phones aren’t cheap and you should be getting a quality phone to begin with. It would be nice if they just fix the problem but that would be asking a lot. Peyton August 24, 2016 at 2:51 pm Richard Parker, you are wrong. People have been putting their phones into purses, backpacks, and back pockets since phones existed. Also, how do you know how many people are affected? I’ve had people brought to me iPhone 6 Plus with this very issue. I have to tell them: this is not an issue with the screen and I do not have the proper equipment to fix this. Sorry. Who knows how many people went directly to Apple and paid $350 to get a refurbished phones with the same design defect. Peyton August 24, 2016 at 3:01 pm @Ben Duffy Apple never admitted to bendgate and I expect more of the same. Edmond August 24, 2016 at 3:12 pm Yup, just had to replace my phone today because of this. Lucky covered by insurance, with a $99 deductable but still… Lynn August 24, 2016 at 3:51 pm Yup. Midway through reading the article I had to do a hard re-start of the phone. That temporarily fixes it but I guess I will be buying another phone brand soon. To be honest Apple isn’t far and away better than the competition any more. Thanks for the article. At least I know I’m not alone! Mark T August 24, 2016 at 5:23 pm We just had one of these from a customer. We could torque it a little and get the device to work. So we knew the chips were fine and therefore reflowed the two chips using some flux and it works again. Sure reballing may be ideal but a reflow in this case is acceptable especially since it wasn’t caused by heat (think rrod on an Xbox). I’m not in he camp of blaming apple. If you wanna wear skinny jeans and put your phone in your back pocket then it’s on you. If you treat your phone like the $800 piece of amazing hardware it is then this “disease” will not be something you will contract. Peyton August 24, 2016 at 6:39 pm Mark T, It’s clearly a design flaw. Stop blaming the user. Mark August 24, 2016 at 7:10 pm Then we agree to disagree. Cant blame the manufacturer for everything. Upset August 24, 2016 at 7:15 pm On my second IPhone Plus. Apple Store only replaced it at the cost of new screen of $129 or so after I left them a poor review of my Genius Bar experience. The good news is this is my last IPhone purchase. Paid close to a grand and had the phone last for less than a year. Unacceptable!!! Also never do I put my phone in the back pocket nor was it ever dropped. Jessa August 24, 2016 at 10:27 pm Mark T—bend or drop is not required for touch ics to fail. That is just how the cause of the problem came to our attention–the early failures when the phone was young were all bends and drops. Now—any 6 plus can get the disease, even ones sitting inside the Apple box unopened at the Apple Store. You know what’s worse than blaming a user for a manufacturing defect? Reflowing a chip when you know (or should know) that reflow is not repair, charging the customer, and then trying to blame the ultimate failure on the fact that they actually use their phone. Knock that shit off. This is the time for our industry to shine here. Fix the problem right, or not at all. Otherwise you’re no better than Apple taking $349 and handing over a refurb with a smile–even though they know full well it will likely fail in the same way after the warranty is up. repairman phil August 24, 2016 at 11:37 pm Our company fixes at least 100 of these every week, it’s a very common problem. It’s a shame it’s being buried by apple’s media pals. But it’s good business for us I guess. If anyone wants some real evidence, email me. J Jones August 25, 2016 at 4:56 am Count me in as another one experiencing this problem. Its real, despite claims from so many Apple devotees (I USED to be one of them), insisting these articles are just “hit pieces” by Samsung or other phone OEM’s Marketing departments. Same deal – a few mos out of warranty – never bent, dropped, wet or anything adverse, and Voila! it just stopped responding to touch input of any kind. Mine even started phantom keying hundreds of random keystrokes per minute, making it impossible to rest the phone or even enter a password. Here’s my 10 sec video to show it: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-NtVJaFn6sw Insane. You pay $800 for a phone that is useless months later. Not good Apple. DO THE RIGHT THING!. Gd August 25, 2016 at 5:02 am I had my son’s 6plus screen replaced, admitting, not in the apple store. Now 2 month later this exact problem. The unofficial store was aware and explained it to me. I was very skeptical and thought they did not want to honor the screen warranty . This was last week. This morning went to Apple store. They did not want to even touch the phone since unofficial screen replacement but also claim to know nothing about the issue ( reported today in Belgian press and leaded me to this article). Immediately said it’s the unofficial screen without even looking at it. And yes, the phone is very slightly bend. Thanks Apple. Hope you get a class action lawsuit over this. Sara August 25, 2016 at 6:44 am Mine just started doing this yesterday and is now fully unresponsive. I’ve had the phone over a year now. I have had the phone in a super strong case as I have kiddos around. I am so disappointed in Apple and how they are handling this issue. Clive August 25, 2016 at 7:34 am I’m on my third iPhone 6 after two hardware failures, one after only 3 weeks and another 2 weeks after that on the replacement phone. The first failure was a loss of the wifi adaptor followed by progressively more insane behaviour – crashes, random touch inputs, etc. The second was exactly this touch problem described here. Thankfully under warranty and my new device has been fine so far. Martin August 25, 2016 at 7:36 am Same problem for me and I have the same experience with Apple Store Clerks as well as the online support… They told me to wait (and hope) that the error shows up on the exchange / repair page or pay for a new phone… well thanks… My Phone was always in a hardcover and is still perfectly unbended I don’t know what I could have done to prevent this but according to them I will have to pay for it… Lee August 25, 2016 at 7:50 am I had the same problem up-to-date Apple still does not respond the systematic failure and acknowledge the problem. I am really disappointed with Apple’s quality now! Zahid August 25, 2016 at 9:01 am Hi, I have the same problem with iPhone 6 plus. where I can send this phone for repair? Thanks Zahid Ramona Solis August 25, 2016 at 10:19 am You would think they would “Do the right thing”. Billion Dollar Corporation! Shame on them. Need to take a class action Lawsuite to resolve the real issue. “Hardware problem”. I had the Exact same problem with my Iphone 6Pluse and was told the exact same “Apple solution”. ” Would you like to buy an new Iphone” I was so frustrated, I purchased a Samsung Galaxy Edge “Nice phone”! Still getting use to it and it ROCKS!!! . Will keep my eyes open for the Class action Law suite, Sign me up! $800.00 in the garbage! grrr… Peyton August 25, 2016 at 11:34 am Zahid, Sent it to Jessa Jones. She’s the person in the video above. Frank C August 25, 2016 at 12:34 pm Over time this happens !!! Sheeple apple users damage the device by putting pressure on it and it bends and twists not by itself….. its like saying a gun on the table with no one touching it kills people !!! Even if its repaired what are the guarantees its going to still work ? Oh wait its because people like Jessa and Louis say so what a bunch of crap !!!! SpartaTodd August 25, 2016 at 2:29 pm Ths is a design defect and there should be a class action lawsuit. I have abandoned Apple and their whole ecosystem because they built a product with a design flaw and will not address it. I am very happy with my Nexus6P and Sony Z4 tablet now. I will no longer buy their products. They know it is an issue and redesigned it in the 6S by putting the IC chips onto the back of the screen so the screen holds them in place and if they replace the screen they can fix it easily. Courtney P. August 25, 2016 at 3:37 pm I’ve had a slightly different problem with my iphone 6 that seems to have begun earlier this week. I’m constantly encountering crazy over-sensitive reactions to most swipe related UI interactions (this is a major problem that makes the instagram and airmail apps almost impossible to use). My original hypothesis was that these bugs might be due to my hardware lacking 3D touch capabilities and the app developers letting my use case slip through the cracks during testing before pushing recent updates through. Any thoughts on this or advice? My Google searches only seem to produce results pertaining to the frozen screen problem outlined above. Thanks in advance! Steve P August 25, 2016 at 4:09 pm Franks C: Incorrect. Jessa is right on both counts. You know why her and Louis have a following? Because most of the time, they’re right. People don’t agree with them because they follow them. They follow them because they agree with them. Reflow isn’t a solid enough solution, it barely qualifies as repair and is comparable to tightening a screw on a wobbly chair and saying you repaired the chair. Also the issue does not require bending. Just because someone’s aneurism bursts on a rollercoaster doesn’t mean the were going to be fine forever as long as they stayed away from the ride. It can be a catalyst, but the bending is a symptom of the phone’s other flaw(s), not the cause of the touch problem itself. Overall it’s a combination of a likely manufacturing problem with a lack of steps to protect the hardware that were taken on previous models that were absent on the 6 models. James August 25, 2016 at 10:32 pm I’ve had this problem as well for some time and it sucks. My phone would go act on it’s own and do it’s own thing. It would open apps and go in this continuous loop. I brought it in to the Apple Store and the support person said it was a common problem he’s seen on the the 6 Plus, but Apple doesn’t have a recall on this part. He said to me that 80% of his appointments were around the 6 Plus and this touch disease was many of them. This happened outside of my warranty and what they did was basically ask me to talk to a sales rep to buy a new one. Why isn’t there a governing body over electronics like the FDA for drugs/devices/etc.? Why does Apple get to decide on recalls? Apple is trying to hold off these recalls not just because of the cost for fixing many of the phones out there now but because this is a driver for the purchase of new iPhones. Sklär August 25, 2016 at 10:54 pm I think most of us are establishing a pattern of errors that concur with this article. I also have this issue with a 6+ 128gb. Not to be too overreactive, but what are we going to do about this? In similar Apple-neglects-glaring-design-flaw situations, consumers have banded together via change.org petition to add momentum for a class action suit. I’m in the camp that Apple will only address this under legal pressure. So, who volunteer to start then petition? And who with device evidence will sign it? Seriously, who? Someone lead us to gatheribg a list of names of the thousands of us who are being overlooked, neglected and downright deceived… please! Adrian August 26, 2016 at 1:37 am same problem in my 6+ and no warranty this is my last iPhone Frank C August 26, 2016 at 3:03 am Steve P Believe them if you want but it is NOT a permanent fix !!!! They bash apple …why do uou think its there business if apple was perfect no problems at all ? what would they talk about or repair samaung ? Lg ? They wouldn’t kniw were to begin !!! Think for yourself !!! Frank C August 26, 2016 at 3:09 am Richard Parker Yiu got it right but jessa and Louis make a living off bashing apple and there idiot followers believing there bull crap !!!! It is the USER issue NOT apple ….so not there issue at all !!! Apple will destroy the civil suit in court food luck with that Its reminds me what jessa said about error 53 its a hardware issue lol it was software related !! David K August 26, 2016 at 5:28 am I have the same problem or even worse. (6plus) I don’t have that grey bar on my phone but it started like a 1 month ago with the screen totally freezing it didn’t feel my touches but now it’s just getting worse sometimes my phone is acting like it’s possessed it opens apps randomly types randomly so it’s totally unusable. The issue is so random sometimes it’s working you. I’m out of warranty as my phone is nearly 2 years old. I can’t wait to buy iphone7 though I have lost my trust in apple a bit but how can I sell my phone like this….apple is not doing anything how can they do this as it affects I guess nearly everyone. I think everyone having the same issue should post to as many sites as they just can to let apple know that it’s time to do something. Peyton August 26, 2016 at 7:21 am Frank C, Even if Apple designed great iPhones and MacBooks, Jessa and Louis would still have their handful. There will still be plenty of people dropping their iPhones into the pools and spilling sodas on their MacBooks. They don’t need to lie. armando lopez August 26, 2016 at 9:22 am Yes the design on this 2 models make the motherboard easy to bend, this type of repair should only be performed by highly skilled level micro-soldering technician. There are many good technician around the world and if you do not have any near you, most of us offer mail in services. http://www.stgrepairs.com is also helping many customer with this issue., like many other good technicians. On instagram you can also can find the gallery of pictures regarding this issue. Sergey August 26, 2016 at 1:22 pm I also had a touch disease on my 6 Plus, and because it was out of one year warranty I had to pay around 300$ for a replacement unit in Toronto Kenneth D August 26, 2016 at 1:28 pm After reading comments I decided to add my 2 cents, and hope management in Apple is paying attention. I am a career IT guy, know how to test and analyze hardware/software issues. This “hardware issue” issue is real, and apparently becoming fairly widespread. I purchased the 64gb iPhone 6+ shortly after they were released, AND, placed it immediately in a thick hard case to protect it. It worked well up until about 3 months ago. The grey bar mentioned in the article started appearing randomly, and over time got worse and worse. I found ways to temporarily (for a few seconds/minutes) make it stop, but that no longer works either. The iPhone is now a useless brick. I took it in to a local Apple service center, THEY KNOW about this issue and said that nothing they’ve tried works to permanently fix it. The tech told me my only option was to buy a replacement iPhone ($350) since my warranty is expired. Ridiculous, I don’t care to pay for my phone twice and risk having the same issue reappear. I’m currently using my old iPhone 5 to get by. I have been a satisfied user of multiple iPhones since iPhone 3. However if Apple decides to ignore this problem then I will think twice about what phone I will buy the next time my service contract becomes renewable. Tek365 August 26, 2016 at 3:46 pm Tek365 in Milwaukee Wisconsin has fixed this issue dozens of times. In addition we add an extra shield to prevent flex in that area. I dont understand why those chips are put at the weakest point of the iPhone 6 and 6 plus frame where the volume buttons are without a shield. Wires Computing August 26, 2016 at 8:42 pm We fix many of these issues at our vermont repair shop. Check us out http://www.wirescomputing.com/micro-soldering/ Merkin August 27, 2016 at 1:37 am I like apple idont understand why u attack them I never had this problem but my screen cracked and apple said but a new one but ifixit wouldn’t fox it for me they don’t even fix anything why are they called ifixit they don’t fix anything but steve and time will make it they are way better then android crap they suck and are so cheap omg dont be poor Dazza August 27, 2016 at 6:23 am Merkin – wtf? Brianna August 27, 2016 at 9:49 am I think Apple should just fix this problem soon. They’re losing loyal Apple fans. Losing money now is better than losing money and fans in the long run. BTW, Merwin, do you have an iPhone 6? If you do, you elk probably hey the touch disease soon. Good luck then. We aren’t trying to attack Apple, we also like Apple to have bought the iPhone6. We just wish Apple would take responsibility. John August 27, 2016 at 1:13 pm I just started having this same problem about a month ago on my 6 Plus about two years out from purchase. Pinching the right upper hand screen will sometimes make the screen responsive again but its a painful annoying work around. I went to the apple store in grand central NYC and they were all aware of the situation. They offered to give me a new phone for $300+ which is BS. If there is a class action, sign me up. EL Stevie August 27, 2016 at 2:28 pm This exact issue has forced me to go the the Apple store in Atlanta 5 Freakin’ times in the last year!! And now my 5th replacement 6plus is out of warranty!! Nice work Apple. Malik August 28, 2016 at 1:05 am This is the story of my f*cking life. Ive had two bent 6 pluses other two cracked by immaculate conception and my 4th and latest one was bendy as hell to the point where I lost my cellular network connection only can use wifi, and as mentioned had to bend the phone in the top right, but my phone was so trashed that I even replaced the lcd 3 times and they all cracked not from dropping but because my phone was no longer straight and my internals pressed against the screen from doing this bending trick. I refuse to give my insurance company another $175 deductible for a replacement , I’m waiting for the 7. David August 28, 2016 at 3:23 am Just replaced 2 iPhone 6 Plus with new units at 329$ a piece! No responsive displays with a gray bar. Genius says Apple is doing nothing but replacing the phones. I hope there is a class action suit serves them right for not stepping up. No more iPhones for us and I have purchased every single version since it came out. Tommy August 28, 2016 at 12:36 pm Apple should be sued for this if they ignore this annoying design failure. Robert Bishop August 29, 2016 at 10:59 am has happened to me twice. Matt Gately August 29, 2016 at 12:02 pm ATTORNEY ADVERTISEMENT If you are already represented by counsel in this matter, please disregard this advertisement My name is Matthew Gately and I am an attorney with Cohn Lifland Pearlman Herrmann & Knopf LLP in Saddle Brook, New Jersey. My firm is currently investigating potential hardware/design issues involving the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. If you have experienced issues regarding loss of touchscreen functionality, “grey bars” appearing at the top of your screen and/or “phantom touches” and would like to discuss this issue further, please feel free to contact me at clphk@njlawfirm.com or at 201-845-9600. This communication does not create an attorney-client relationship. Before making your choice of an attorney, you should give this matter careful thought. The selection of an attorney is an important decision. Best, Matt If this communication is inaccurate or misleading, report same to the Committee on Attorney Advertising, Hughes Justice Complex, P.O. Box 037, Trenton, New Jersey 08625. Matthew F. Gately is responsible for the content of this communication. Ivan P August 29, 2016 at 1:56 pm i literally had to replace my iPhone 6 plus on 8/22/16 because of this issue // i went to the apple store in santa rosa, ca and the apple team said i had to buy a new one because 1) “fixing the screen wouldn’t fix the issue” and 2) i didnt have apple care (after 3 years) and couldn’t be replaced using that service // so i couldnt really afford a new 6 plus or 6s plus or even a 6 outright (i dont like the ATT next plan to pay monthly) so instead opted for the 5 SE // i hope i can be compensated in some form when this happens and it goes through // thoroughly annoyed John August 29, 2016 at 3:07 pm Seems expected in a screen navigation device to have touch work? How can Apple pass it off as not an issue? Actually since iPhone 5 I have noticed dead spots in iPhone screens and was always told it’s just crap on screen. Clean your screen and it will fix it. Yeah, that never worked, and I could tell certain spots were just dead. I still like my iPhone SE and don’t for a second think though Apple is trying to get out of a big defect recall. Apple just has never been into its customers after the sale anymore. Those days are done. Joe M August 29, 2016 at 3:26 pm I’ve replaced two 6pluses for this exact reason. The 6s (both sizes) have improved design but apple will only replace (both times at a cost) my 6plus with an original refurbished 6plus. The second time took hours of persuasion and guilt on the manager’s behalf because I was 400 miles from home and my phone was my GPS. They beat Apple’s system by retroactively applying Apple Care and then charging me replacement costs. Two different markets 400 miles apart and they all knew what the issue was the second I walked in the door. The first phone failed over a month of being able to apply pressure while the second failed within days of first symptoms. Shahbaz August 29, 2016 at 8:06 pm I’m dealing with the same thing here in Toronto. My first iPhone 6+ stopped a month out of warranty they tried to do a screen replacement weren’t able to and replaced with a refurb total cost of $200. Immediately put the new phone in one of those military grade cases and a tempered glass screen protector. 5 months later I have the same thing happening again. This time I’ve been told I’m SOL as its only a 3 month warranty and it’s $429+tax to replace. Anyone know a place in TO that can do the repair? Can’t afford to spend that much right now. Mark August 30, 2016 at 2:11 am I had been experiencing this exact same set of issues for a week with a nearly-two-year-old 6+. Super frustrating after not having had any other issues with this model. After Apple chat/phone support took me through an unnsuccesfful software upgrade/restore (twice) to try and address it, I booked an appointment at my local Apple Store. Was seen within 5mins, and the Genius I spoke to recognised the issue immediately. Despite the phone being out of warranty, he had it replaced under ‘EU consumer law’ coverage. No money to pay- brand new iPhone in hand. Couldn’t have been happier with how they dealt with it. Hope that others have the same response. Strikefinger August 30, 2016 at 3:00 am I had a similar problem on an iPod-Touch 4 after 5 years of use. It first started with a flickering screen and then I had flickering bars on my screen afterwards had touch response issues. I just checked on it right now and it’s completely gray and failes to respond in the slightest (auditive feedback, tried tapping buttons, unlocking and playing music, one of those should have worked even on hard reset) It seems as if this is not only related to the size of the phone, but has some deeper production issues. #plannedObsolescence #CookSpoilsApple Jailbreak4life August 30, 2016 at 3:04 am So friggen glad I decided to wait for the 6s plus with the way stronger build..shame on you apple. Will only ever buy the s versions of your phones. Moise Viveur August 30, 2016 at 6:44 am I have been experiencing similar defects with my iPhone 6. Usually rebooting the system had solved the problem. – albeit momentarilly as I still occassionally get a recurrence. Willie August 30, 2016 at 12:10 pm It took a few days, but the lawyers are here! https://joinsuit.com/apple-touch-screen-defect-class-action/ Cindy August 30, 2016 at 9:45 pm What the heck, I was never offered a replacement or to fix my phone😡 I have been putting off getting a new phone when someone told me about the iPhone 7plus, but now I might think twice about it.. And sell off my Apple stock. Ed Wios August 30, 2016 at 11:10 pm A friend of mine recently has her phone having this exact issue, and I’m glad there is a way not to pay 300 bucks to get it fixed. This is wonderful news to her. On the other hand, I don’t get the logic behind replacing the chips when the problem is cracks in the solder bonds (assuming this *is* the reason behind). To me, it’s like instead of tightening a screw on a wobbly chair, the whole leg and seat are replaced in additional to tightening up the loosen screw. The “true repair” kind of ego aside, what is the real physical reason(s) behind replacing the components in order to help fix a pure mechanical defect? Is a second solder reflow that damaging to these chips? If it is, should all the chips on that PCB be replaced at the same time, too, not just the touch ICs? Would someone be kind enough to shed some light here for people like me who does not understand much about electronics and semiconductors? Jason August 31, 2016 at 11:03 am I had this exact issue on an iPhone 6 plus. Never put it in my back pocket. Apple replaced it quietly. Once it started it progressively got worse. John August 31, 2016 at 12:45 pm I had this same exact issue three weeks ago with my 16 month old 6+ and the only option given to me was a $250 credit on a new iPhone. I now type this message using my new and very small iPhone SE — the cheapest option available. The rediculous part of it all was the “genius” played this off like it wasn’t a widespread issue. Yet within 30 seconds I was given the exact explanation outlined in this article — bad logic board, you need to buy a replacement. This is how you lose loyal customer Apple. You know what you need to do so do it. Hayden August 31, 2016 at 2:00 pm Exact same problem with my I phone 6 plus, I’ve had to go back to my old iPhone 4s as no one could fix the phone, this happened a month after my warranty finished, gutted. Apple should do something about it it’s theft, selling dodge phones. Leah F. August 31, 2016 at 2:09 pm Just purchased an iPhone 6 Plus from groupon.com two weeks ago and already have touchscreen issues and the gray line! I can,t find a shop that says it is even possible to fix here in Tacoma, WA! Timothy Greene August 31, 2016 at 9:47 pm I AM SURPRISED THAT WE ARE JUST NOW GETTING AROND TO TALKING ABOUT THIS. WHY DID WE WASTE MONTHS OF PEOPLE’S TIME SENDING THEM BACK TO THE APPLE STORE? PLEASE JOIN IN THE CONVERSATION ABOUT THE FEASIBILITY OF MORE PERMANENT REPAIRS OR FURTHER ACTION ON THIS. https://talk.ifixit.com/t/touch-ic-issues-badly/2732 BTW we repair this VERY SUCCESSFULLY. We evolve to repair with the safest and most permanent solutions available. Let’s all talk. zaf September 1, 2016 at 12:18 am we have fixed lot of iPhone 6 plus with same touch and flickering problems, and once both ics are replaced properly we have not even a single customer come back with same problem, as far i believe it is just the solder balls underneath the ics which are not made strong enough to bear, long life here is a good article to read http://www.applefix.co.nz/blog/iphone-6-plus-touch-screen-failure/ Mitch September 1, 2016 at 5:35 am I have the same issue happening with my iPhone 6 plus. Unfortunately it is out of warranty. I have been searching for the root of the issue and speculated that it was a screen issue then I saw a post on msn.com stating that ifixit started a class action lawsuit. I wonder if my phone will last until the results of the lawsuit are in. Xiomara September 1, 2016 at 5:52 am How do I join the Class Action Lawsuit? Im in the same boat. anita bankhead September 1, 2016 at 6:02 am this has happened to my iPhone 6 Plus but i thought it was something i did. My phone freezes and I cant do anything. It is happening more often. The phone is a year old. Amy Eblin September 1, 2016 at 6:10 am I have had this issue with my Iphone 6+… I am on my 4th new phone because of this issue. It takes me almost 2 hours to drive to the nearest Apple store. They were all too aware of the problem and would just instantly give me a new phone. On one trip, the issue started in my new phone that they had just given me on my way home!!!!!!! In about 3 weeks time it was almost unusable. My last trip there, I was told to call Apple and explain what all has happened and what I had been through and hopefully they would send me a different model completely free of charge. I was told that Apple was not aware of this being a known issue or defect! We argued for almost an hour and I never did get a different model Iphone but was offered a $100 trade in for my Iphone 6+!! Ridiculous!!!! They did however give me an extra 1-year warranty… Obviously I will need it! James Price September 1, 2016 at 7:24 am Just went through this problem last month. Apple tech. said phone is slightly bent so its physical damage and Apple will not do a thing about it. Since I did have insurance I had to make a claim but that still cost me $150 deductable to replace phone. I was concerened about the fraility of the phone when I purchased it just less than a year ago so I bought the LifeProof case for it and it has been in that case since the day it came out of the box. Apple’s dismissive attitude toward this issue has convinced me to never buy another iphone again. Gabe September 1, 2016 at 8:07 am My wife’s 6+ started doing this shortly after downloading Pokemon Go. Naturally we started to assume this software was the culprit as it seemed to only appear when playing the game. Now, she’s seeing it more often and my research brought me here. G September 1, 2016 at 8:14 am Check out Kay’s article here and her forum post below that article to this class action lawsuit link… Article: http://ifixit.org/blog/8309/iphone-6-plus-gray-flicker-touch-death/#comment-44443 Lawsuit: http://mccunewright.com/iphone-6-touchscreen-defect/ Ironically (coincidentally?) as I write this, our marketing associate just called me to report that their iMac just GSOD’d (Grey Screen of Death). SIGH, all technology is amazing and sucks at the same time. But, as IT Manager, it’s job security! :) Alexander Kitasov September 1, 2016 at 1:24 pm I have a same problem on my iPhone 6 Plus. how to join the suit? Adam Singer September 1, 2016 at 6:53 pm I just read this on my brand new iphone6s. My iPhone 6 was diagnosed yesterday with a “bad logic board”, that made the screen unresponsive and then randomly dial / press buttons. If there’s a class action lawsuit, please count me in. Lynn September 3, 2016 at 5:55 am I commented back on Aug 24th about this issue with my 6S. Since them it has gotten worse and now completely unresponsive. I am frustrated with the multiple Apple “Genius” that told me that my phone was out of warranty etc… This is not user error folks, my phone, like my my old iPhone 4, was put in an Otterbox Defender since day one. I have never had a cracked screen. I am a middle aged tech savvy person. I don’t drop it in water and have never had a cracked screen. It is in my purse or on the desk next to me. Not my pocket. I am now using my work phone, a Samsung, not as intuitive as iphone, but I guess it is time to change the way I think anyway. Thanks ifixit for the article. And I am very glad that someone it taking apple to court. Scott September 4, 2016 at 5:42 pm My iPhone 6 Plus has had this problem since June and I got the same answer from Apple Genius Bar folks, $349 replacement because it was out of warranty. The Apple Store people did tell me I could get a normal trade-in value for the phone if I upgraded to the 6s Plus, which sounded good, but I didn’t want the 6s and wanted to wait until the next phone update. My phone has been a major pain in the %&@# since JUNE and I have been waiting on the iPhone 7, okay it’s about to be announced this coming Wednesday 9/7/16, so I was at an Apple Store today, I asked the clerk if I was going to be able to get a trade-in value for my iPhone 6 Plus when the new model arrives and they said NO! Because they will not take any trade-in iPhone 6 with problems like the flickering screen! She actually said they are being more aggressive to only take phones in more pristine condition! Please, prove me wrong, take you touch diseased iPhone 6 to your local Apple Store and ask if they will give you trade-in value for your device. The clerk told me to contact Apple Care at 800 275-2273 and I did, but after talking to 3 different people up the chain of command, it went nowhere and they said, sorry your phone is out of warranty. Finally, I said is there anyone else that I may explain my grievance to… they said, that I could have the “executive relations department” contact me (normally reserved for celebrities for direct access to Apple), by writing a letter to Apple at their ONE INFINITE LOOP headquarters address requesting them to contact me (even though, I’m a regular person and not a celebrity)! And then ACTUALLY saying,… “I shouldn’t have told you that, shhhh”. Wow, who knew writing a letter and mailing it to Apple Headquarters was the secret access that celebrities use ;) Andrew B September 5, 2016 at 6:45 am My iphone6+ also started having this issue yesterday. I had taken it out of its case to clean it and this is when i first noticed the problem. Hard re sets sometimes worked, sometimes not …. played around for a day and almost gave up. In the end i popped it back in the case and strangely all was well again with the World (well the iPhone anyway). It seems that just removing an iPhone from these snap on cases flexes / bends the phone as they fit so tight and are not easy to remove. Putting the case on, it being so tight, seems to have “straightened” the phone out Scott September 5, 2016 at 7:57 am What to expect when you start seeing the flickering gray bar at the top of the screen- just know that the problem progressively gets worse and worse, there is no real home remedy solution (resets, presses, twists, bends, etc), but you will try all of these and one or more of those actions will make it “work again” for a short time, BUT it gets harder and harder to make it work, that’s the frustrating part of it. If you read the technical details of the problem you will understand why it gets harder and harder to make it work. Mine even worked okay for a whole month after adding some padding under the small metal plate where the 3 ribbon cables plug in to the logic board (based on a YouTube video). I thought it was fixed… but it came back again about a month later and now is worse than ever. Okay… I found that doing the hard reset (Home+Power buttons until the Apple logo appears) most of the time will allow the touch screen to work for several minutes, maybe longer… once you give a little pause touching the screen, it stops responding again! Anyhow, I’ve lived with this for several months now and it’s basically a brick that does stuff on it’s own… sometimes it opens apps and does random things, sends text messages… beware! I watched it open SMS and type random text which spell check turned into real words and it clicked SEND! Yesterday, I watched it swiping through my app pages (in the home screen), pick an open it, random clicks on it, close it, slide backward to the first page of apps, pick the phone icon, clicked contacts, and started dialing a random contact and I could not stop it… had to press and hold the power button to turn it off! Swampmonkey September 5, 2016 at 11:13 am This is a User/Manufacturer two step.. Apple put design before practicality (thin>robust) and some User’s ignored the requirement to allow for the greater fragility of the new design: Hey, why isn’t this alloy as tough as a thicker, metal sandwiched between two layers of Gorilla glass design?. meh, I’m going to treat it as though it’s made of Vibranium anyway, then bitch like hell when it breaks.. and why do my knuckles have calluses, just because I drag ’em along the ground? Keigan September 5, 2016 at 10:41 pm The best way to combat this I have found so far is simple enough to do. If you grasp the phone top and bottom with your fingers then place your thumbs in the middle of the back of the phone and gently flex it outward toward the touchscreen then restart phone. It may take more than once but usually works well after the second restart. Once you place the phone in a pocket where it gets movement, the process will need to be repeated. Ankur September 6, 2016 at 5:33 am I gifted an iPhone 6 to my sister. In just 2 months iPhone started acting-up, not sure if her phone had the exact issue you described but it would be unresponsive at times and would start flickering randomly. Apple support asked her to do some regular fixes but it dint work. Finally they replaced it. I guess the new phone is working fine since then. Fayad September 6, 2016 at 5:54 am I have to appreciate iFixit and the author for doing this. This is one bold post from the writer with good research and effort. Its good to see blog posts that speak on behalf of the users. Iphone 4s had wifi greyed out issue and that was an hardware defect too. Surprised at the trend still continuing. There was an online petition signed for that and Apple did nothing. Apple takes its customers for granted by deciding a better product is available and time to switch. Hardware doesn’t have to be outdated if the software is made to support it. It is time people realize value of hardware units and that’s where ifixit is doing right. I am glad i bought the 4s battery repair tool kit. Stuart September 6, 2016 at 7:45 am This happened to my iPhone 6 + after about 7 months. I totally agree that bending the phone is what causes the problem. I found that I could temporarily ‘FIX’ the problem by putting pressure on one corner of the display (which corner,I forget…) Dan September 6, 2016 at 10:38 pm Class action time! Michael September 7, 2016 at 4:33 pm I have this issue on my iPhone 6 plus bought in September of 2014. It started out mild about the end of August of this year and touch was working about 95% of the time with the gray bar at the top. Now a week later, and touch response is working about 20% of the time and the gray “bar” now sometimes flickers across the entire screen depending on how much pressure is applied to the top-right of the phone! Apple get your s#!t together and fix this issue! I wouldn’t have paid nearly $1000 for a phone had I known it had a manufacturing defect that would make it inoperable less than two years into its life. Dan September 8, 2016 at 12:34 am Yes, this has happened to my phone. The phone freezes about 15times a day and I have to do a hard reset which sometimes makes it work again. Apple refuses to take blame. i took the phone to the apple Genius Bar , 2 wks after my warranty expired and the guy was very rude , basically saying tough luck for not having apple care. This infuriated me as I expect an iPhone that costs £600 ish to last more than a year. He says I have to pay £220 for another phone. Their customer service was diabolical and rather than paying the £220, I’m now going to use that money to buy a Samsung phone. Apple customer service is getting worse and they wonder why they are losing market share Shannon September 8, 2016 at 7:39 am Mine has been doing it for a while, too. I have insurance on my phone so it was replaced immediately for free. However, as soon as I put my old one in the box to send back my new one starting doing it way worse than my original. So frustrating! Guess I’ll have to keep getting a new one every few days until it’s made right! iphone 6s quoc te September 8, 2016 at 6:29 pm Good article. I will be dealing with a few of these issues as well.. Ryan Thomas September 9, 2016 at 10:40 pm Same thing happened to me , and Apple wouldn’t fix it they said it had one year warranty and it was year 2. I was literally watching a YouTube video and then it started. Wasn’t doing anything to the phone Chan September 14, 2016 at 11:33 am My iPhone 6+ have same problem too. I just wondering why they (the apple people)want tospit on the face of Steve Job who is on other side. Mr Job might says we have to do the right for our customers. I love Apple please do it right for customers. Rafal September 16, 2016 at 2:18 pm Here is a video I made of replacing the Touch IC. Its 1 min timelapse. I do these every day! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eTwANTElN00 You can send me the iPhone for repair if need, a lot cheaper than apple and you keep your data http://iFixLogicBoards.com IT September 16, 2016 at 6:10 pm My iPhone 6 plus has the same problem “touch disease” or as Apple Store workers are instructed to refer to it as “Flickering”…the other day I asked an apple store employee if they had heard of “Touch Disease” and I was told no. Hmmm. “Flickering” though, yes the’ve heard of that. Have an appointment at the store for my 6 plus to be diagnosed, after reading all the replies and complaints here and at mac rumors, should be interesting. We shall see. cherie luk September 17, 2016 at 9:37 pm I had 3 iphone 6 plus, all had the same problems. I got some iphone to replace, same issue. The one I am having issue now was the 3rd replacement phone. Apple’s quality is so bad now!! Claire September 19, 2016 at 2:29 am I have seen many iPhone users that are having the issues with the screen. There was a time when the apple company was famous for the cell phone quality. But with the iPhone 6 screen issues the users will think twice before buying the iPhone 7. I am sure that apple has fixed the screen issue in iPhone 7. Lindseyanne S. September 19, 2016 at 7:03 pm I upgraded this year to an Apple 6s plus. This was in April or may of this year. When I received my phone in the mail it was already having issues with the touch screen. I reset it, did everything to trouble shoot it. Finally I went to the Apple Store and they replaced it with a refurbished phone. I was pretty angry considering I am paying close to $1,000 For this damn phone and yet I can’t get a brand new one.. I think for everyone who is having issues, apple should give us a new phone. We are paying for it. My referbished phone is now having issues with the touch screen. Rudeboy September 28, 2016 at 3:40 pm Just went to an apple store today. My phone has suffered from bendgate and since it was out of warranty I just let it be even after trying to get a free replacement. But I recently experienced some issues with the touchscreen. No gray bar at the top but some wierd flickering when I was scrolling down a webpage for example. Or when I played a game, the touch input responded as if I touched the screen completely on another location on the display. Anyway, explained this exact issue to the apple genius today and he basicall said, yeah, replacing the touch screen display might not fix the probem (since he obviously saw my phone was bent but wouldnt mention it right away). So he said the only option is to get a replacement phone and he offered it to me even though the phone was well out of warranty which i was pleasantly suprised. So there you go, if your phone is bent, and you have some touch display issues, bring it in to an apple store you’ll most likely get a free replacement, even if out of warranty. At least thats what happened to me, hope this helps guys! Corina September 28, 2016 at 11:07 pm My phone is having the same issue. Took it to the Apple Store. The tech pushed on the screen and it was working momentarily. He said 1) my otterbox caused it to bend and not to use otterboxes, they sell this brand? 2) then he said my phone had a very very small bend? Apparently so small to the naked eye? I guess I need to be a Apple tech to see it. I’ve been on the phone with ATT and Apple support and have an appointment Friday to talk to a supervisor. I have taken very good care of my iPhone. Bought a otterbox. No scratches. Looks brand new. $350 to buy a new phone! Fingers crossed they will give me a replacement for free Friday. My only issue is if given a replacement I will have a phone that I have to treat as fragile which is bothersome. I have not had issues with any other Apple product so I agree this a bad design flaw. Amos Batto September 29, 2016 at 7:12 am We see that Apple made 4 bad design decisions: 1. Designing a thin case that can bend, 2. Placement of the Touch IC chip in a place where it is subject to flexion pressure, 3. Lack of underfill in a ball grid array solder joint, 4. Lack of rigid metal EMC protector. Apple compounds these bad decisions by not fixing this defective electronics. I have often questioned why any sane person would buy a device from a company like Apple, which purposely designs their electronics to be unfixable black boxes based on planned obsolescence. Unfortunately most of the electronics industry is now following Apple’s lead in designing unopenable cases with non-standard screws, non-removable batteries, RAM and NAND Flash memory soldered to the motherboard, and lack of expandable memory, so that electronics will be junked rather than fixed or upgraded to extend its lifespan. However, we should boycott Apple since it was the company which initiated the bad practices. In 2001, Apple was the first company to create an MP3 player which did not have a replaceable battery. In 2008 with the Mac Air, Apple was first company to make a laptop where the RAM, harddrive and battery were not replaceable. In 2009, with the Macbook Pro and its unibody case, Apple was the first company which designed a laptop case which could not be opened without using a special screwdriver. In 2007 with the iPhone, Apple was the first company to design a phone for mass consumption which did not have a removable battery. (For the record, Vertu was the first phone with a non-replaceable battery in 2006, but it was a luxury phone that cost $5000.) Apple was also the first company to promote high-end phones without a microSD card or any other expandable memory. Apple was also the first company to design a phone with an all glass front cover and very thin bezel around the edges, so that the screen is liable to crack if dropped. 23% of iPhone owners report that their screen has been cracked. Apple set the trend in the industry of designing easily-breakable devices and the rest of the industry followed its lead. Apple’s design decisions have significantly shortened the lifespan of electronics, which leads to increased electronics manufacturing and more e-waste. We see planned obsolescence in Apple’s decisions to be the first to get rid of the floppy disk, the optical drive, and now the 3.5mm phone jack, which the rest of the industry has followed and rendered obsolete millions of floppy disks, CDs, DVDs and headphone sets. Its decisions to use non-standard ports and protocols (Firewire instead of USB, Lighting instead of USB 3, proprietary SSD connector instead of mPCIe/mSATA/M.2, AirPlay instead of MiraCast, etc.) has caused millions of devices to be junked because they aren’t compatible and caused millions of special adapters to be needlessly fabricated. For environmental reasons alone, we should boycott Apple and send a message to the rest of the industry to not follow its lead. david van September 29, 2016 at 10:00 am After updating to iOS 10, my iPhone 6S Plus just started having Touch issues and being unresponsive, with 2-3 taps to finally open an app. But the iPhone has been super buggy since the update. It had been working fabulously while in iOS 9. joetheapplehater September 30, 2016 at 1:24 pm And you people get angry at samsung for admitting there was a problem and recalling every single phone in less than 3 weeks, and then having a full replacement phone for everyone who purchased their phones withing 4? Yet out in cuppertino, apple has continued to deny the problem more than 2 years after they discovered their design flaw. Not only will they not admit their flaw, but they bully customers into buying new devices rather than fixing them. Kamal October 2, 2016 at 4:56 am I have been using Apple since the first Apple cell phone came out but always found that the display has problem,and specially this iphone6 plus I have sometimes the Touch ID doesn’t work, The recent bug problem I have is my back camera,it makes like water wave,and when I take a pictures it’s blurry.cant use my camera at all. Phani Kumar Ayyagari October 3, 2016 at 10:14 pm Guys. Looks like iPhone 6 is completely crappy. I am facing a problem with lightening connector. My phone does not charge beyond 2%. All the online communities say, the connector might have gone wrong. I went to Apple Support and they told me everything is fine but cant give an explanation why the phone is not charging. They tried with one of their cables and it started charging. None of the USB cables can make my iPhone that charge except that cable I brought from that guy. This is completely illogical and not sure why it does work with this cable and does not work with other cables. With the working cable also, it works only on one side. I cannot replace my iPhone now as it will cause a huge dent on my pocket. Chris E October 4, 2016 at 7:01 pm I had the same issue on my 6+. Gray bar and tapping or bending the phone fixed it. The genius at the Apple Store in Santa Monica said it’s a common problem on the larger phones and is a design defect caused by thin or weak aluminum that lets the phone bend, which can unseat or break continuity on the chips causing the display glitch and touch issue. I have the care plan for my phone, which has come in handy. They just replaced my phone on the spot. martin October 5, 2016 at 7:19 am Nothing new, I’ve had hardware issues with most of my Apple devices, starting with an iPod nano 2nd generation (display dead), then my first MacBookPro (early 2011, soldering balls of dedicated GPU broken, MBP=paperweight or main board replacement), now the iPhone6. If you are citizen of the US, you should ask your government for more customer protection. 1 year warranty for such expensive electronic devices is a joke. The EU has 2 years, but IMHO should aim for 3 or 5 years. Ask for legal action! Otherwise manufacturers will continue selling us devices that become obsolete in very short time. Wires Computing LLC October 5, 2016 at 9:47 pm This type of repair is very common nowadays. The techs here at Wires Computing repair this about 4-5 times a week. If you need this type of repair you can send it in to us. http://www.wirescomputing.com turn around time is 2-3 business days for testing and repair. Lisa Coles October 6, 2016 at 3:18 pm My iphone 6 plus is progressively dying – out of warranty and not due an upgrade yet. Paying £54 a month on contract for a phone that only works 50% of the time. I’ve had iphone’s for year and never experienced a problem with them. Not sure what step to take now. Jeff Sampson October 8, 2016 at 7:01 pm Just had the Touch IC Disease today… Grey Bar – unresponsive to touch. Thank you for the pressure tip – it immediately comes back and is usable, for how long is another question. While I have insurance – still cost me $112 to replace it this week. On the road each week and can’t be without it for even a day. Thank you Jessa for exposing this issue and talking about it. Wish things were different, but keep being a pain in the ass to Apple on this one. They need to be accountable for the investment consumers make in apple products. CHenry October 9, 2016 at 2:12 pm My iPhone 6 Plus is out for repairs for this very problem. Since May or June (I am writing in early October) the flickering gray bar became more frequent despite the phone not being treated any differently than it had been since new in late 2014. I am not particularly hard on phones, most last me a few years (my iPhone 4 lasted 4 years and was sold working well) and didn’t abuse this one either. Nevertheless, it became progressively more disabled to touch screen input which meant pretty useless for everything. This weekend was the point where I had to replace the phone as I was otherwise without a phone and need one for work. So i went to an Apple store that had a phone I wanted in stock. Right now, there aren’t many available. When I was there, i asked about what could be done with my disabled phone. Apple’s proposed solution at their store in Fair Oaks Mall in Fairfax, Virginia was underwhelming. For about $350 and my old phone they would give me a replacement iPhone 6 Plus, another of the very model with the same design defect, and prone to the same touchscreen problem. Oh, and they also offered a 90-day warranty. I declined, after I made sure they didn’t actually mean they would replace my 6 Plus for a 6sPlus, which would have at least given me a phone without the design defect but which would be feature-wise the same. No. Same defective phone with a short warranty. A third-party repair, with new parts that prevent a recurrence of the problem is $200. So my choice was easy. But it’s disappointing to see how poorly thought out Apple’s response to this problem is, considering that many of the owners of this premium phone paid $1000 or so for the privilege and aren’t getting two years of service. BJ Zale October 10, 2016 at 7:08 am Just had my iPhone 6 Plus replaced through my AT&T insurance program for this same issue. I was wondering why they didn’t give me a hard time about it. I thought it was the strangest issue, but they have probably seen it hundreds or thousands of times. For the record, the first thing to fail on my phone was the headset jack. It would only get mono unless I pushed on the screen in just the right place. I suspected that meant a broken solder, but it wasn’t confirmed until I heard about “Touch Disease”, very catchy name by the way. Then later the touch screen started acting up, horribly annoying. Sad thing is, this has been a great phone accept for this one defect, I was planning to keep mine for 2-3 more years, but now I will be looking to upgrade. Hopefully there is a class action so I can get some of my deductible back! LHallz October 10, 2016 at 1:37 pm Same happened to my 6 but I didn’t get the bar at the top just the intermittent touchscreen issue that could be band-aided with a twist of the phone. Started at about 1 year but didn’t realise what was happening at first as was quite infrequent. Never had the phone in a back pocket and no drops or damage. Tried Apple UK in-store (it worked fine during the visit) and later on phone to support for a repair but they wanted £100’s for a replacement. Once I figured out twisting the case would fix the touch for a short time I knew it was a hardware issue. Phone was bought in Australia and they have a consumer protection law that allowed me to get a free replacement in-store but I had to put up with the problem for about 4 months until I was back in Australia to do that. The new one has lasted 5 months up to now… Charli309 October 11, 2016 at 12:34 am I had this issue with a gen 5 ipod touch. Exact same thing. I was just lucky I guess :/ Melissa October 12, 2016 at 7:45 am I am having this problem now. I purchased my I-phone 6 Plus from AT&T and less than a month later, after downloading the most recent update, I started having this problem. After several resets and reinstalls with the technician on the phone, I went from AT&T to an Apple partner store, to Apple and finally got a replacement. The following day, the same thing started happening. My phone cuts off itself, and none of the applications work. I am so tired of this. Apple should have fixed this problem instead of focusing on putting out I-phone 7. It doesn’t make sense. I hope the attorneys really go after them for customers who have had to endure this. I have endured this for 3 weeks and it is very, very frustrating. Sam October 13, 2016 at 6:27 pm had the same issue, i’m not buying iphone again Peter Paul October 14, 2016 at 2:30 pm Iphones have a LOT more issues. Apple is slowly dying and has lost the Battle with Samsung. – There’s no “wow” factor regarding the iphone 7 – poor call quality – Lightning EarPods are crashing! – iPhone 7 is making a hissing sound? – Apple’s touch disease. Apple faces a Class act – iphone 7 battery is draining quickly? – iPhone 7 iCloud Restore Problems – iPhone 7 Battery Life Problems – iPhone 7 “No Service” Problem – iPhone 7 Performance Problems – iPhone 7 Wi-Fi Problems – iPhone 7 Bluetooth Problems – iPhone 7 Random Reboots – iPhone 7 3D Touch Problems – Apple iPhone 7’s connectivity problems are bigger than originally thought. – iPhones explode at an increasing number – T-Mobile warns iPhone 6, 6 Plus, and SE customers not to install iOS 10 – iOS 10 bricking phones – iPhone stops vibrating after updating to iOS 10 – iPhone loses cellular network and can’t reconnect – iOS 10 uses lots of mobile data – No iMessage notifications in iOS 10 – iMessage effects aren’t working in iOS 10 – Cannot delete apps in iOS 10 – Third party keyboard don’t work in iOS 10 – Purchased ringtones have vanished in iOS 10 – Alarms are not working in iOS 10 – iPhone screen no longer works – Device gets hot when charging after iOS 10 update – Photo albums no longer sync in iOS 10 – Playlists appear empty after updating to iOS 10 – Games run slow in iOS 10 – Emails don’t appear in iOS 10 Mail app – iPhone audio issues with iOS 10 – Verizon iPhone 7 users report nagging connectivity issues – No service after turning off Airplane mode Want another 25 bugs and issues with the iphone 7 and IOS 10? hussen ouner ahmed October 17, 2016 at 3:56 pm my name is Hussen Oumer I was live manda I have iPhone 6plus but something happen ; who can help me ? 5/01/2016 this day I hate b/cuz. I drink alcohol and I use Facebook so i go to my room saddenli I change my phone password and I sleep ing !!!! morning time I wake up and I look my phone how I can remember password ? please help me anyone Dawn October 18, 2016 at 6:29 pm I’m on my second phone after dealing with this issue! I’ve had the new phone for a week and it’s starting to act up… the grey lines like an old TV and no response to touch! Haroun October 19, 2016 at 8:55 am i have the same problem on my i phone 6 plusn , i can’t do that repair myself and i don’t find someone here to do so can you help me Dheeraj bhatia October 21, 2016 at 11:22 am There are lots of issues now coming with apple , even the phones have started to burst , Here is a cover story iphone 6 plus http://iappleboy.com/2016/10/09/iphone-6-plus-bursts-flames/ Wendy October 22, 2016 at 3:23 am This is ridiculous that this is happening. I have been having then same issue with the iPhone 6 Plus, 128 gb. You spend that much money on a phone then it just quits working and really no help if warranty is out. I’m trying the 7plus if this phone stops I’m done with apple! There needs to be a recall on this issue. Nick Youroukos October 23, 2016 at 5:52 am I have problems with my iPhone6 it freezes all the time it to it’s constantly not working properly this is a piece of garbage I took it to the geek squad they can’t do anything about it . need need help replacing it or to get me another phone. Chris October 24, 2016 at 8:50 am I have iphone 6 and i m hving prblm with touch prblm even after updating ios 10. I live in myanmar and here hv no official apple store or repair shop so seriously… Apple should correct this mistake rather then mking me buy a new ph if they do then i can send this ph to singapore to repair it…. Otherwise if anybody willing to sue apple for it i will pay partial cost for the court expense really pissed off to spend top notch price for a flagship ph and cant even stay in good shape in jst 2 years Louis October 26, 2016 at 10:04 am I have the same problem in my iphone 6 and iphone 6 plus , but my phone 6+ randomly start to select differents apps, open it, dial a number, open safari, etc like if somebody was touching it!. Sometimes I can´t answer a call because I can´t slide bar for that!…. JC October 29, 2016 at 8:47 pm same problem. ASS. Jay October 30, 2016 at 8:20 am I have a iPhone6 plus and having the same issue that gray flickering bar up top is annoying and when u need to make a call or text someone and it doesn’t work becomes such a pain and takes some time just to make a call or text someone. Is Apple going to come forward and recognize this problem and fix this for me without charging me a dime? Brissy November 2, 2016 at 8:47 am Show of hands who fixes this problem? I have yet to find a shop to be able to fix it. Instead of apple selling another one at $326. I know it’s not much but it doesn’t fit into my budget at the time! Someone point me to that direction I’m so ready to ship!!! Lol Julia Bluff November 2, 2016 at 1:00 pm Hey Brissy, you’re looking for a repair shop that can do microsoldering. Lots of them accept mail-ins. Both http://microsoldering.com and http://mendonipadrehab.com do the repair. There are usually a few local microsoldering repair specialists if you live in a big city. Where you located @Brissy? David Thompson November 3, 2016 at 5:12 pm My phone has the dreaded gray bar at the top. It also is auto populating text and won’t allow me to do anything for minutes at a time. It almost looks like someone else is controlling the keyboard. I took it to the apple store and they said they will replace it for 400.00. I’m not happy about this and think it’s a total rip off. Really disappointed. The guy looking at my phone found a tiny scratch at the top that said, that that was the reason. I swear you can barely see it and you can’t feel this “scratch.” I almost punched him in the head. Apple is aware of this and is DOING NOTHING! Cindy November 5, 2016 at 3:45 pm Had my iPhone replaced 2 times out of warranty at the Apple store stated above (Westfield Valley Faire) in July of this year, so I’m unsure of what that person is talking about. They recognized it was an issue and promptly replaced it not just once, but twice when my replacement also had the issue about a week later. Hossein Mohammadizadeh November 7, 2016 at 6:14 pm I Recommend you http://xfix.co.uk/ . They are specialises in Dead iPhones/iPads and Water Damaged and Phones/Tablet Data Recovery & All Circuit Board Micro Soldering and board Level Repair in Middlesbrough, United Kingdom since 2007. Web Site : http://xfix.co.uk/ Mike Townsend November 9, 2016 at 1:09 am My iPhone 6 plus had this problem and the only option I was offered by Apple was to purchase a refurbished phone. The genius that looked at it told me that Apple policy for this particular phone was to write down the serial numbers of a whole bunch of parts. He said he had never had to do that for any other phone and that it indicated that the phone had an intrinsic defect and that Apple was trying to figure out what it was. I wish the scumbags would just own the problem and reimburse their customers that have had to purchase multiple phones. Steve is probably rolling over in his grave. Leonardo DG November 9, 2016 at 5:40 am I am currently facing this issue just right after my warranty. Tried applying pressure as a temprary fix but its no longer working now and somehow my it kinda afftected my LCD display. I was wondering if I could purchased a custom Touch ID chip with protective shield and DIY it myself. Ralph November 9, 2016 at 7:15 am Just happened with my iphone 6 plus for the first time today. Did what the article suggested – twisted phone a bit, and seems to have fixed it for now. Thanks for a well written article.. Rasool khan November 9, 2016 at 10:35 am i want to buy iphone 7 plus . please tell me the price and where i can bought? Paul Wilson November 13, 2016 at 5:42 pm Guys if you are from UK I Recommend you http://xfix.co.uk/ . I’ve repaired my iphone 6 plus touch ic from this website. They are specialises in Dead iPhones/iPads and Water Damaged and Phones/Tablet Data Recovery & All Circuit Board Micro Soldering and board Level Repair in Middlesbrough, UK since 2007. Ray November 14, 2016 at 4:23 am Just had my iPhone 6S Touch IC replaced including a 1 month warranty for USD$120 equivalent (located in Manila, Philippines) from a third party phone repair vendor. Phone is back to normal for the mean time. No waiting around for formalities, it’s a common issue the repairer mentioned his customers experienced daily. The fix took 5 hrs but at least the problem is solved. Rey Carreras November 14, 2016 at 7:18 pm I have a 6pls S for two months now, TWO MONTHS, and it’s giving me the problem right now… it happened to my 6plus and zi had to extend my contract with my carrier to get a new one, now I just don’t what the hell to do. Al November 14, 2016 at 9:35 pm This is unbelievable.. very disappointing with apple .The warranty is just over. I am having the same problem with my 6 plus. Apple needs to recall all iPhone 6 having these issues seriously. This is a great artical. Kelvin November 18, 2016 at 5:57 am https://www.apple.com/support/iphone6plus-multitouch/ Apple has determined that some iPhone 6 Plus devices may exhibit display flickering or Multi-Touch issues after being dropped multiple times on a hard surface and then incurring further stress on the device. If your iPhone 6 Plus is exhibiting the symptoms noted above, is in working order, and the screen is not cracked or broken, Apple will repair your device for a service price of $149. Apple will contact customers who may have paid for a service repair related to this issue either through Apple or an Apple Authorized Service Provider to arrange reimbursement. If you have not been contacted but paid for a repair that you believe was related to this issue, please contact Apple. The reimbursement amount will equal the difference between the price you paid for the original service to your iPhone 6 Plus and the $149 service price. Service Process Choose one of the service options below. Your iPhone will be examined prior to any service to verify that it is eligible for this program and in working order. This program only applies to iPhone 6 Plus. Apple Authorized Service Provider – Find one here. Apple Retail Store – Make an appointment here. Apple Technical Support – Contact us. Note: Wireless carrier partners are not participating in this program. To prepare your iPhone 6 Plus for the service process, please back up your data to iTunes or iCloud. Additional Information Apple may restrict or limit repair to the original country of purchase. Pricing offered by Apple Authorized Service Providers may vary. This worldwide program covers affected iPhone 6 Plus devices for 5 years after the first retail sale of the unit. Robert November 20, 2016 at 2:06 pm Several problems here: — Lead free solder. Lead free solders (there are several formulations) are more brittle than classic tin-lead. — A board layout problem with two reasonably large ICs that would seem to be located where mechanical stress is high in typical consumer use–men, mostly, sticking the phone in a back pocket and then sitting down. The larger the chip, the more stress from end to end when the phone is flexed. Is this Apple’s problem? Yes and no, but once the problem is identified, simply replacing the chips with new ones doesn’t address the solder issue. –Should Apple have known this would happen? Maybe. They know what people do with with phones, and that is also what product testing is all about. I did that at a well known portable radio company (later it became a well known cell phone company ;–) ) a long time ago. It is still the same. There is no substitute for good component and system qualification and testing, on top of good design. –The change in board location for the touch chips in later versions may reflect Apple’s acquired knowledge of the problem or there may have been some other design/manufacturing issue that drove that change. Is it now on a flex circuit or a (semi) rigid board? It is definitely in a location that does not get the flex or the original location. If the change was driven by Apple’s acquired knowledge of the problem, then it does seem to be a problem that they have at least some obligation to correct. Not free, necessarily, but it ought to be cheap and reflect a direct materials cost only. $149 seems high to me. Apple should do this aggressively to protect their good name, and show that they really understand the problem and have a good fix, whatever that really is. Have they done that with this $149 offer? Probably iFixIt will tell us. For the Jessa Jones/iPad rehab fix, going back and trying to do a tin-lead solder fix on the lead free lead frames of original or new chips is not easy. Both the board and the chips must have the old solder cleaned off thoroughly, and depending on the finish of either or both, it may be necessary to scrape off the last finish to get to a metal surface that will take a new tin-lead surface well. But in my opinion, just removing the chips, replacing with new, and soldering with lead free solder is just setting up the same situation again that caused the failure in the first place. Jeff November 21, 2016 at 11:21 am This is starting to happen to me. My iPhone 6 Plus is well beyond the warranty period too. It seems like it began after I updated the iOS, (which I regret, but that’s another story). Also I’m not getting the grey bar at the top. But the unresponsiveness is becoming annoying. It will stop in the middle of typing and the only cure is to put the phone to sleep and wake again. Danny Ngo November 21, 2016 at 4:52 pm Today Nov 21st, after read the news Apple agreed to providing the fix for iPhone 6 Plus which had the touchscreen disease. I went back to Apple Store at California, Brea Mall After 2:30 hours waiting for specialist verify your phone, I told them I was here on sometime in Oct 2016, now heard apple have agrred provide the fixes for this issue, I want to know what type fixesApple prodding ( a patches or replace a touch PCB for this issue? Here what they said. The fix is you pay $149 we will give to the same iPhone 6 Plus. I said, you mean apple will give us the same iPhone 6 Plus with same design problem? They said Same phone iPhone 6 Plus Then I asked, how long apple will warranty for the new or referbished iPhone 6 Plus , they said 90 days. Then I asked, what happens if the same issue appears after 90 days? Apple said ( then pay another $149 to get a replace phone… no thank you, I will wait for the settlement ! I told the specialist, I thought Apple will fixes the problem, instate provide the us the same bad phone cost $149 Don’t waste your time, this is the same option previously Apple provided, just reduce the price from $299 to $149 KP November 21, 2016 at 6:33 pm Pretty sure it’s not just the iPhone 6 Plus cause my regular iPhone is doing this exact same thing. Can’t get it to work at all & the phone repair guy said there’s nothing he can do. He tried a new screen, that cost me a pretty penny. And within hours the phone isn’t working again. He better give me a refund so I can apply it towards a different solution. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Repair is noble.
Skip to main content Skip to footer You have JavaScript disabled or are viewing the site on a device that does no support JavaScript.Some features may not work properly. Home Company Our Story Leadership Careers Gallery Services Overview Strategy Design Engineering Lifecycle Management Work Case Studies Clients Blog Contact Remembering the Apple Newton: More isn’t More August 23, 2016 | Eric N. Shapiro Twenty-three years ago, on a Sunday night in August 1993, I was on a mission. In my mind, failing in this mission was not an option. I had to — just had to — get my hands on the Apple Newton MessagePad. The Newton was scheduled to go on sale the following day, which was the opening day of MacWorld, held in Boston. It’s hard to explain my desire to be among the first to own it. Perhaps it was because I’ve always had mobile in my blood — even before “mobile” was really a thing. I’ve always been kind of a nerd when it came to being among the first to acquire new gadgets, but the fact that this new gizmo was so utterly portable somehow made my yearning stronger. So, I walked into a nearby electronics store and threw down my credit card to make the purchase. The salesman at the time reminded me the Newton wasn’t going to be available until the next day. “But,” I argued, “if the Newton is going on sale tomorrow, you must already have stacks of them in the back room. And I’m ready to pay you right now for one. Why not just let me buy it?” A few minutes later, I walked out the door with a smile, knowing that perhaps I was the first person in the world who had purchased a Newton. As it turns out, the Newton did a lot more for me than I expected. It wound up helping me get a job at Apple. And perhaps more importantly, it taught me something that became a foundation for how we create mobile and connected experiences here at ArcTouch. A first of its kind product that did (too) many things The failures of Newton are well documented. I think those failures could be distilled to two facts. First, the Newton represented a new product category — the personal digital assistant (PDA) — and no one really had a reference point for what to expect from it. Second, what made the Newton the first of its kind was that it could do so many things. Too many things. The Newton promised to be a note taker, a fax machine, an email platform, a personal address book, a calculator, a task manager, a sales tool, and more. It also included a memory card slot so that the device could run additional software. The Newton’s handwriting recognition was its most highly anticipated feature because it was the first device to have this capability. But the unpredictable software became arguably its greatest failure — it even became the subject of the satirical Doonesbury comic strip: SOURCE: Computer History Museum And, of course, the Simpsons had their fun as well: The Newton marketing challenge The wide feature set created a marketing challenge for Apple. I don’t believe the company itself knew what to make of the market nor who it should target. Engineers? Business users? Consumers? Based on the ads at the time, it seemed like Apple was most serious about targeting business users: But the Newton’s product features certainly weren’t aligned on a single type of user. One example: the on-board calculator. When Newton was released, I was in business school and all my budding entrepreneurial colleagues had an HP financial calculator. But the calculator inside the Newton was instead a scientific calculator designed for engineers. After a few months of tinkering with the Newton, I decided to share my opinion about its shortcomings by going right to the source: Apple itself. I went to an Apple Newton developer’s conference and tracked down a woman who worked in product management. I told her I thought the Newton’s business ads and the product feature set were out of sync — using the scientific calculator as the prime example. And I told her the Newton was trying to do too much. She liked my initiative and offered me a summer internship in the Newton group at Apple’s headquarters in Cupertino, Calif. And that internship later led to a full-time job within the Mac product management group. The Newton got me a job, but it did something else even more important for me. The most important (one) thing the Newton taught me Tech historians often refer to the Newton as a device ahead of its time and a predecessor to the iPhone. In many ways, it’s true — Newton was ahead of its time. But the failure had more to do with the fact that the Newton didn’t have a single feature, like the actual phone feature of the iPhone, to help anchor it and make it something a broad audience would understand and desire. A working Apple Newton prototype. It’s hard to overstate the importance of having that kind of anchor and product focus. Find one thing and do it well. Rigorously, meticulously well. The Newton is the classic tech example of the Swiss Army Knife. It tried to do — and did do — a lot of things. And it did them all poorly. The Newton’s story may have turned out differently had Apple rallied around perfecting the note taking ability, and then focused the marketing on that capability and the related business problems it solved. Then the Newton could have evolved to add value for new users in different ways, ultimately becoming an indispensable product. This learning is reflected in everything we do here at ArcTouch. We often talk about building steak knives and repeatedly advise our clients to avoid trying to do too much with the experiences we are helping them create. This is especially important for any first-generation application, or as we commonly use a term from lean thinking, the MVP (minimum viable product). Keep it simple, focus on solving a single problem, and get it to market quickly rather than bogging it down with secondary features. Whether it’s a mobile app, software for the connected home, or a chatbot for a messaging platform, we always aim to do one thing better than anyone else. When Steve Jobs introduced the iPhone, he followed this MVP approach perfectly. The iPhone was just three things: a phone, an iPod (something Apple already did better than anyone), and an Internet communicator (watch the introduction here). And it did those limited things better than any other product out there. It wasn’t until a year later that the functionality expanded with the next breakthrough, in the form of custom apps available through the App Store. Annual reflections Almost like an annual holiday, I always reflect on the Newton this time of year. I recount the story with our ArcTouch team of how I was perhaps the first to purchase one. I talk about how the Newton helped get me a job and launch my career in mobile, and how I had a front row seat to watch one of our industry’s most notorious failures learning experiences. But most importantly, I share the lesson that has served me, my business and our clients so well: Do one thing and do it exceptionally well. Apple, iPhone, Mobile Strategy, Newton About Eric Eric N. Shapiro is the CEO and co-founder of ArcTouch. His days of working with mobile technology goes all the way back to his time at Apple, when (among other things) he was involved in the launch of the Newton. You might also like A Race to Help and an Autism App App Maker Spotlight: Sam Leung Star Trek PADD App From ArcTouch & CBS ArcTouch Named Best App Development Company Search for: Subscribe Subscribe Subscribe to our mailing list to get email updates in your inbox. your@email.com Recent Posts Introducing the Pilates Metrics App: The Intersection of Big Data and Healthcare ArcTouch Recognized as Great Place to Work in U.S., Brazil Making an App: Meet David Flink, Founder of Eye to Eye How To Use Descriptive, Predictive and Prescriptive Analytics in Your Mobile App App Maker Spotlight: Cristiano Souza CategoriesCategories Select Category Analytics App Business App Maker App Marketing ArcTouch Apps ArcTouch Blog ArcTouch News Chatbots Design – App UX and UI Development – Android Development – BlackBerry Development – HTML5/CSS Development – Internet of Things Development – iOS Development – tvOS Development – Virtual Reality Development – Wearables Development – Windows Development – Xamarin Engineering Enterprise Apps Mobile Industry News Mobile Strategy Technology News Testing and QA Uncategorized Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 November 2013 September 2013 August 2013 June 2013 April 2013 January 2013 December 2012 October 2012 September 2012 June 2012 April 2012 July 2011 June 2011 June 2010 May 2010 March 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 ArcTouch ArcTouch helps brands connect more deeply with customers through custom experiences for phones, tablets and smart things. We transform app ideas into experiences for a wide range of connected devices you hold in your hand, wear on your wrist, and use in your home and car. Our world-class clients range from Fortune 500 businesses to well-known brands and influential startups, including NBC, Honeywell, Yahoo, CBS, Guess, Salesforce, Skyjet, Audi, and many more. ArcTouch is part of Grey, a WPP company. Let’s Connect Links Careers eBooks Design Templates Blog Legal Contact Us +1-415-944-2000 hello (at) arctouch.com 340 Brannan Street San Francisco, CA 94107 200 5th Avenue New York, NY 10010 Rod. José Carlos Daux, 4190 – 1º andar Florianópolis, SC 88032-005, Brazil Join the ConversationFaceBookTwitterYouTubeGooglePlusLinkedin © 2016 ArcTouch. All Rights Reserved.
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Home Search Skip to content Skip to navigation View mobile version The New York Times Energy & Environment |Apple Becomes a Green Energy Supplier, With Itself as Customer Search Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go http://nyti.ms/2bEknRd Loading... See next articles See previous articles Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Advertisement Supported by Energy & Environment Apple Becomes a Green Energy Supplier, With Itself as Customer By DIANE CARDWELLAUG. 23, 2016 Continue reading the main story Share This Page Continue reading the main story Photo A worker helps install new solar panels at a First Solar plant outside Cholame, Calif. Apple will purchase the electricity generated by the plant to power its stores in California. Credit Andrew Burton for The New York Times PALO ALTO, Calif. — The words are stenciled on the front of the Apple Store, a glass box sandwiched between a nondescript Thai restaurant and a CVS pharmacy in downtown Palo Alto: “This store runs on 100 percent renewable energy.” If Apple’s plans play out, it will be able to make that claim not only for its operations throughout California but also beyond, as the company aims to meet its growing needs for electricity with green sources like solar, wind and hydroelectric power. Like other big companies before it, including Walmart and Google, Apple recently received a federal designation for its energy subsidiary that allows it to become a wholesale seller of electricity from coast to coast. In effect, Apple is creating its own green utility company, although the main customer is itself. The motives may be economic as much as they are environmental. As a wholesaler, Apple could reduce the cost of its electricity load, which reached 831 million kilowatt-hours in the last fiscal year — enough to power about 76,000 homes for a year. But like a growing number of corporations, Apple is intent on reducing carbon dioxide emissions from electricity production — one of the biggest sources of greenhouse gases that contribute to global warming. Continue reading the main story Advertisement Continue reading the main story In one ambitious venture, Apple has contracted with First Solar to begin buying a little less than half of the power later this year from California Flats, a solar energy farm now under construction. Under the terms of the deal, Apple will pay $848 million for the electricity over 25 years and receive the farm’s total output by the end of the agreement. It is one of largest commercial clean energy contracts yet. Advertisement Continue reading the main story Lisa Jackson, the former administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency who is now the Apple executive overseeing environmental policy, social initiatives and worldwide government affairs, said she hoped Apple could serve as a model for the many other big corporate power users that are now embracing clean energy. “This is just another sort of innovative way to get that power onto the grid so we don’t have to take the California grid-mix default, which still includes fossil fuel,” Ms. Jackson said. Although much of Apple’s manufacturing is done offshore, it still has extensive needs for electric power in the United States — and not only for the sprawling new corporate campus it is building at its headquarters in Cupertino, Calif., and its 270 retail stores around the country. One of Apple’s biggest demands for electricity comes from operating the computing cloud through which it sells apps, music and videos to users of its iPhones, iPads and Mac computers. Apple’s move comes as prices for renewable energy continue to plummet. And signing long-term contracts allows businesses to shield themselves from potentially higher, more volatile charges from a power company. Apple would not say how much it was paying for California Flats’s energy, but Ms. Jackson said last year at a Wall Street Journal conference that it was less than what it paid for commercial power. She said she expected the company to save hundreds of millions of dollars over the life of the contract. Google, which received its federal energy wholesale designation from the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission in 2010, is a big proponent of the approach Apple is now taking. “Running any kind of business, having predictability in terms of your operating costs can be very important,” said Gary Demasi, director of operations for data center energy and location strategy at Google, which has been a leading investor in and user of clean energy. “Renewable energy, from a cost perspective, is now competitive with other forms of energy, much more so than it was a few years ago.” In the United States, the generating capacity of corporate clean energy projects has more than doubled each year since 2013, according to the Business Renewables Center at the Rocky Mountain Institute, which tracks publicly announced deals. In 2015, 11 companies signed up for 3.23 gigawatts’ worth of projects, roughly the equivalent of five coal plants and up from 1.18 gigawatts the year before. Advertisement Continue reading the main story Executives face greater pressure from shareholders and customers to show that they are doing their part to fight climate change. At the same time, corporate energy use has exploded, driven in many cases by the ravenous demands of the data cloud. “We are all becoming very large energy players, and this is a shift,” said Brian Janous, director of energy strategy at Microsoft. “Energy is not something that Microsoft or Amazon or Google really ever had to think much about prior to the advent of the cloud.” Photo Newly installed rotator hinges at the First Solar plant will allow the panels to rotate with the sun. Credit Andrew Burton for The New York Times Helping drive that shift are environmental groups like the World Resources Institute. In May, it helped create the Renewable Energy Buyers Alliance, a coalition of nonprofits that has more than 60 corporations in its network, including McDonald’s and General Motors, as well as Google and Walmart Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times Electric utilities have begun to respond by creating products and services to meet the corporate demand for clean energy, said Letha Tawney, the World Resources Institute’s director of utility innovation. One such product is a green tariff. It was pioneered in North Carolina by Duke Energy and is now under consideration in about a dozen states. It allows companies to designate that they are paying for a renewable energy supply. Another is a synthetic or virtual power purchase agreement, under which companies contract to buy the output of a clean power plant, as Apple is doing with California Flats. Although the companies say these arrangements mean they are running their businesses on renewable energy, in reality the clean power often does not flow directly to their facilities. They typically buy the renewable energy in amounts to match what they draw from the grid — a system of swaps that Ms. Jackson of Apple likened to using an A.T.M. “The dollar you deposit in the bank might not be the exact same bill that you get out,” she said. Robert F. Shapiro, a partner at the law firm Chadbourne & Parke who focuses on project finance and energy, describes it as meaningful symbolism. Advertisement Continue reading the main story “They’re actually getting power from their local utility, which may be coal,” Mr. Shapiro said. “But they’re deemed to have put into the world carbon-neutral energy, which they are deemed to have used for their load.” To keep track of the clean energy credits, power generators work with registries to issue numbered certificates. “The power flows into the grid. The electrons go where they go,” Ms. Tawney said. “But because there’s a renewable-energy certificate, no one else can claim the same zero-carbon benefit.” Such complexities are necessary, executives and clean energy advocates say, because it is not often feasible to install enough renewable-power generators at corporate sites to meet companies’ full energy needs. Walmart, despite having installed solar panels, wind turbines and fuel cells at stores and distribution centers, can nonetheless meet only about a third of those operations’ energy needs. So it also buys renewable energy from generators and utilities, said David Ozment, director of energy at Walmart stores. Procter & Gamble, another member of the energy buyers’ alliance, has arranged to purchase all of the steam from a biomass generator under construction at a plant in Georgia where it makes Charmin toilet paper and Bounty paper towels, said Jack McAneny, the company’s director of sustainability. But that was possible, he said, only because of the plant’s location near a source of waste wood and pulp for fuel and the cooperation of P&G’s partners. Among those partners are the local utility, Georgia Power, which will buy the electricity from the generator for its customers from Constellation, the company that developed and will own and operate the generator. At Apple, where the purchase or production of renewable energy has more than tripled since 2012, the company would prefer to not have to go to great lengths to ensure a clean energy supply, Ms. Jackson said. But the public energy grid is simply still too dependent on carbon-based fuels to make that possible. “If we had our preference, we’d just be able to say, ‘We want 100 percent green power everywhere we use power,’” Ms. Jackson said. “The best would be if we could run every one of our stores, every one of our data centers, every office complex, every building we have, on 100 percent renewable — and if we didn’t have to spend a whole bunch of our time and energy figuring out how to get that done.” A version of this article appears in print on August 24, 2016, on page B1 of the New York edition with the headline: Creating Their Own Green Sources. Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe Continue reading the main story We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think. Related Coverage Patagonia to Help Fund Residential Solar Installations MARCH 10, 2016 Whole Foods Plans 100 Rooftop Solar Systems MARCH 8, 2016 Google’s Latest Steps to Increase Its Use of Renewable Energy DEC. 3, 2015 Related Coverage Patagonia to Help Fund Residential Solar Installations MARCH 10, 2016 Whole Foods Plans 100 Rooftop Solar Systems MARCH 8, 2016 Google’s Latest Steps to Increase Its Use of Renewable Energy DEC. 3, 2015 What's Next Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2016 The New York Times Company Home Search Accessibility concerns? Email us at accessibility@nytimes.com. We would love to hear from you. Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions
E-BUSINESS | TECHNOLOGY | CRM | LINUX | ECTNEWS.COM Welcome Guest | Sign In Health Computing Applications Data Management Hardware Chips Personal Computers Servers Operating Systems Internet Internet of Things Online Entertainment Search Tech Social Networking Web Apps IT Developers IT Leadership Network Management Mobile Tech Mobile Apps Smartphones Tablets Wearable Tech Wireless Networking Reviews Security Cybersecurity Hacking Malware Privacy Technology Audio/Video Emerging Tech Virtual Reality Gaming Home Tech How-To Photography Science Health Space Tech Buzz Tech Law Transportation Tech Blog  Reader Services  Account Management Discussion News Alerts Newsletters Reader Surveys RSS / Headline Feeds Search ECT News Network ECT News Network Map CRM Buyer Site Map E-Commerce Times Site Map LinuxInsider Site Map TechNewsWorld Site Map November 23, 2016 10:42:36 AM PST TechNewsWorld > Technology > Science > Health | ECT News Network will operate on an abbreviated holiday schedule until Monday, Nov. 28, when we will resume normal publishing. Apple Buys Healthcare 'Magic Machine' By John P. Mello Jr. Aug 24, 2016 5:00 AM PT Apple has purchased medical records startup Gliimpse, Fast Company reported Monday, in order to broaden its presence in the personal healthcare information management market. Apple confirmed that the purchase took place earlier this year, according to the magazine. Apple in recent years has delved into healthcare with offerings such as HealthKit, CareKit and ResearchKit. The Gliimpse acquisition is seen as an extension of those efforts. "Apple is highly committed to creating products and services around health," said Tim Bajarin, president of Creative Strategies. "Gliimpse gives Apple another powerful data-tracking tool to tie to their health ecosystem of products and services," he told TechNewsWorld. 'Magical Machine' Gliimpse has been working for three years on its technology, which it refers to as "a magical machine." The aim is to eliminate the tower of babble plaguing medical data today by converting medical records that can appear incomprehensible into information that both humans and machines can digest and use. Apple so far has focused on healthcare information gathered outside the clinical spectrum, said Roeen Roashan, senior analyst for healthcare technology at IHS Markit. "With Gliimpse, you're opening up the system with hospital records, lab records, and data from pharmacies," he told TechNewsWorld. "That not only expands Apple's reach and strengthens its product, but it also enhances its analytics capabilities in terms of providing better patient care." Guessing Game What Apple will do with Gliimpse's technology is anyone's guess, as the company is known for keeping its plans under tight wraps. "Apple might consider Gliimpse a critical technology to an overarching healthcare service, or it may simply see it as complementary to other Apple health and fitness solutions," said Charles King, principal analyst at Pund-IT. "At this point, it's impossible to say." Purchasing Gliimpse could signal a new direction for Apple, noted Bob O'Donnell, chief analyst at Technalysis Research. "I think we're seeing arguably the beginning of a new type of Apple that's looking outside its core into a number of different areas and seeing how they can be a disrupter," he told TechNewsWorld. "Healthcare is one of those areas." Formidable Challenge Healthcare can be challenging for vendors who are already in the business, let alone for newcomers like Apple. "The main challenge in this space is interoperability across systems -- not only within Apple's platforms, but also across provider networks and the rest of the healthcare sector," IHS' Roashan explained. Numerous challenges face any company doing business in healthcare, Pund-IT's King told TechNewsWorld. They include a lack of consensus among healthcare providers and services, a reliance on proprietary technologies, and fierce competition among stakeholders. "Even initiatives like electronic medical records can result in confusion -- at least when it comes to sharing records with nonaffiliated doctors and facilities," he added. The problems only get worse when you go outside the United States, noted Patrick Moorhead, principal analyst at Moor Insights and Strategy. "Each country has its own compliance schema and laws, making things complex," he told TechNewsWorld, "which plays against the consumer's need for ease of use." Baby Steps With Gliimpse, Apple may be able to reduce some of the healthcare system friction that so frustrates its users. "This is a baby step toward democratizing healthcare information and creating a more empowered consumer of healthcare," said Jeff Dachis, CEO of One Drop. "The first step in doing that is giving consumers their own healthcare information," he told TechNewsWorld. "Gliimpse potentially offers that to them." Giving consumers control of their own health data could be beneficial to both patients and the vendor that cracks the data-sharing problem. "The idea of patients owning and managing their health information could make medical visits simpler, and diagnosis and treatment safer and more relevant," suggested Pund-It's King. "The company that gets it right could become massively successful and prosperous," he added. "At the same time, meeting healthcare regulations and security requirements is not for the faint of heart, and numerous healthcare stakeholders are likely see such efforts as endangering the well being of their businesses." Neither Apple nor Gliimpse reponded to our requests to comment for this story. John Mello is a freelance technology writer and contributor to Chief Security Officer magazine. You can connect with him on Google+. Get Permission to License or Reproduce this Article Print Email Reprints More by John P. Mello Jr. Most Popular Newsletters News Alerts How do you feel about Black Friday and Cyber Monday? They're great -- I get a lot of bargains! The deals are too spread out -- I'd prefer just one day. They're a fun way to kick off the holiday season. I don't like the commercialization of Thanksgiving Day. They're crucial for the retail industry and the economy. The deals typically aren't that good. Vote to See Results E-Commerce Times Black Friday Shoppers Hungry for New Experiences, New Tech Pay TV's Newest Innovation: Giving Users Control Apple Celebrates Itself in $300 Coffee Table Tome AWS Enjoys Top Perch in IaaS, PaaS Markets US Comptroller Gears Up for Blockchain and Internet Finance Coping With Software Licensing Challenges in the Cloud BlackBerry to Deliver One Last Keyboard Phone Russia May Kick Out LinkedIn CRM Buyer New Subscription Economy Index Is an Eye Opener Microsoft Trolls Small Biz With Outlook CRM Tool Signs and Symptoms Marketo VP Mike Telem: ABM Lets You Dust Off Old Marketing Techniques Engagement and Loyalty Salesforce Sets Up Lightning Community to Zap Competition AvePoint CEO TJ Jiang: Innovation Through Collaboration Microsoft Rebrands LinuxInsider Microsoft Goes All In for Linux JuJu Offers Speedy Model-Driven Software Approach wattOS Energizes Aging Hardware AWS Gives Customers On-Premises Linux Option Ubuntu Releases IoT Core Platform Q4OS+Trinity Gives New Meaning to Lightweight Microsoft Open Sources AI Toolkit Antique Kernel Flaw Opens Door to New Dirty Cow Exploit SPONSOR SHOWCASE Join Tomorrow's Intel Pioneers Introducing the Georgetown University master's in Applied Intelligence. Marketers - Fill Your Sales Funnel Instantly Access millions of IT and business decision makers. Our full-service global marketing program delivers sales-ready leads. Learn more. TechNewsWorld Headlines TechNewsWorld Cyber Grinches Could Disrupt Holidays' Biggest Shopping Weekend Gadget Ogling: Big Bendy Screens, Chatterbox Robots, and TV in the Cloud One of the Best New VR Things: Buying a Car Friend Finder Data Breach Exposes 400M Swingers GoPro's Drone Initiative Crashes With Karma Recall iPhone Call Logs Easy Pickings on iCloud, Says Russian Security Firm Twitter Cracks Down on Cyber Hate Google Clamps Down on Sneaky Malicious Sites Publications E-Commerce Times TechNewsWorld LinuxInsider CRM Buyer Newsletters E-Commerce Minute Tech News Flash ECT News Network Weekly Editor's Pick Subscribe Reader Services Account Management Discussion Linking Policy Network Map News Alerts RSS / XML Feeds Search ECT News Network Company Info About Advertising Business Development Careers Contact Permissions Reprint Information Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | How To Advertise Copyright 1998-2016 ECT News Network, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
The Indian Express Nation World Opinion Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Home Compare News Mobile & Tabs Gadgets Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Mobile & Tabs Apple is reportedly working on iPhone with curved OLED display for 2017 Apple is reportedly working on iPhone with curved OLED display for 2017 Apple iPhone with curved OLED display might launch in 2017 to compete against Samsung's best-selling Galaxy flagship range By: Tech Desk | Published:August 24, 2016 7:26 pm Apple iPhone SE was launched in March 2016 with a 4-inch display and specifications similar to 4.7-inch iPhone 6s (Source: Nandagopal Rajan) It is now widely evident that the 2016 iPhones will be just a cosmetic update over iPhone 6s/6s Plus. While the devices will have new hardware prowess as talking point, the design is likely to be same as current generation iPhones. The 2017 iPhones sound exciting almost a year ahead of their possible launch. Apple is reportedly working on three new iPhone models for 2017, with one of them purportedly sporting a curved OLED display like Samsung’s Galaxy S7 edge and Note7. The Nikkei Asian Review notes Apple has three new iPhones for next year starting with a 4.7-inch standard iPhone, a plus version with 5.5-inches and a premium handset with 5.5-inch or larger screen featuring curved egdes on both sides. The report also states Apple’s move as an effort to catch up with growing pressure from Android manufacturers. Nikkei also claims that Samsung will be the sole supplier of flexible OLED display for Apple. The report further confirms Foxconn developing glass chassis for future iPhones. This isn’t the first time we have heard about iPhone launching with new design in 2017. Earlier, Washington Post reported Apple to be working on a new iPhone for 2017 with metal and glass design. With Nikkei reveal we are now looking at a curved iPhone for 2017. Apple is reportedly planning to launch three new iPhones this year. While two of those devices will be in-line with current generation iPhone and iPhone Plus, there will be a newer model sporting dual rear cameras. Genelia Deshmukh On Being A Mother And Bollywood Career Bigg Boss 10 November 22 Review: Bani Lashes Out At Swami Om, Manoj Punjabi Demonetisation: Supreme Court Refuses To Stay Proceedings Why Is Jammu Kashmir’s Machil Sector Seen As A Safe Passage For Infiltrators Amartya Sen No Longer Part Of Nalanda University Board Government Plans To Bring GST Bills As Money Bills: Here’s Why Demonetisation: Relief For Common Man: Find Out More Salman Khan And Family Celebrate Helen’s Birthday At Galaxy Apartments Demonetisation: Finance Minister Arun Jaitley Defends Government’s Move Aamir Khan’s Dangal Pales In Comparison To Surroundings Of Mahavir Singh Phogat’s Village J&K: 3 Soldiers Killed, Body Of One Mutilated In Machhal Sector PM Narendra Modi Asks People To Rate Demonetisation Ex-Gujarat Energy Minister Has Financial Interest In 8 Onshore Oil Blocks: Find Out More US President-Elect Donald Trump Lays Out Agenda For First 100 Days Modi Keynote Prank App Spurns Several Clones © The Indian Express Online Media Pvt Ltd Express TechIE Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Gionee S6 Xiaomi Mi 5 Best of Express 26/11 Stories of Strength presented by The Indian Express, Facebook & Instagram IndiaPakistan says three of its soldiers killed in cross border firing; 'response to ceasefire violations,' says Army BusinessHuge surge in Jan Dhan account deposits, Rs 21,000 crore mobilised IndiaNavjot Kaur Sidhu, Pargat Singh will join Congress on Nov 28: Amarinder Singh IndiaDemonetisation logjam: Govt reaches out to Opposition, PM likely to attend RS tomorrow BusinessFormer Tata Steel honcho rebuts Cyrus Mistry charges on Corus buy EntertainmentAlia Bhatt is like Jennifer Lawrence: a star who’s also terrific actor EntertainmentBefikre's song Khulke-Dhulke: Ranveer Singh, Vaani Kapoor and a Bollywood Punjabi wedding, watch video EntertainmentBaahubali 2 leaked scene may have done more good than harm EntertainmentSalman Khan meets his onscreen son Ali Haji after nine years. These pics will make you feel so old Must Read SportsParthiv Patel replaces Saha for Mohali Test SportsFaf denies cheating, says being made 'scapegoat' SportsIndia women forfeit Pakistan matches TechnologyAsus Zenbook 3 UX390 Review: Sleek and powerful, but the price tag is high TechnologyFacebook claims its helping move business with real results TechnologyOnePlus 3 vs iPhone 6: Which is the better mid-range flagship? LifestyleWATCH: Priyanka Chopra's hairstylist reveals her style secrets (or at least tries to!) Nov 23: Latest News Dressing it Up Sonia Gandhi pays rich tributes to Balamuralikrishna What Marrakesh achieved ‘You cannot put him in one frame’ Pune: Social groups for women meet DC Saurabh Rao over demonetisation                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2016 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
null
News Sports Entertainment Classifieds Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Customer Service Customer Service e-Edition BeeBuzzPoints About Us About Us Contact Us Apps Newsletters Twitter, Facebook, Google+, YouTube News in Education (NIE) Election Results Local Sacramento Region Arena City Beat Local Govt Salary Database Crime Education Environment Health & Medicine Transportation Traffic Conditions Weather Marcos Breton Communities Elk Grove Folsom/El Dorado Roseville/Placer Yolo Sports Sports Kings Kings Corner with Jason Jones NBA News 49ers with Matt Barrows Giants Oakland A's High School Sports Joe Davidson Ailene Voisin Andy Furillo More Sports Raiders NFL News MLB News River Cats Soccer Colleges Golf Auto Racing Politics Politics Capitol Alert State Workers Voter Guide President 2016 CA Elections 2016 Elections 2016 Local Elections PoliGRAPH The Money Trail Lobbying & Influence State Worker Salary Database Bill Tracker Track the Legislature Legislative Gifts Dan Walters Dan Morain Investigations Investigations Data Tracker Public Eye Afghan Refugees Bay Bridge California Prisons Nursing Homes Opinion Opinion Editorials Election Endorsements Viewpoints California Forum The Conversation Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Jack Ohman Columnists Dan Morain Shawn Hubler Foon Rhee Erika D. Smith Joyce Terhaar Editorial Board Entertainment Entertainment & Life Arts & Theater Books Home & Garden with Debbie Arrington Movies Music Outdoors Pets Travel More Entertainment Events Calendar Horoscopes Comics Puzzles TV Listings Food & Drink Food & Drink Restaurant News Dining Reviews Restaurant Directory Cooking & Recipes Beer Wine Appetizers Blog California California Marijuana Water & Drought Lottery Business Business Real Estate Market Summary Cathie Anderson Nation & World Nation & World National World Technology Family Celebrities TV news Weird News Video Break Obituaries News Obituaries Death Notices FAQ ObitMessenger In Memoriam Local Deals Today's Deal Find & Save Grocery Coupons Weekly Ads The Sacramento Bee Store Golf Card Farm to Fork Dining Card Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Classifieds Legal Notices Place an Ad Advertise Capitol Alert August 24, 2016 6:00 AM AM Alert: Apple CEO Tim Cook hosts fundraiser for Hillary Clinton Capitol Alert The go-to source for news on California policy and politics Apple CEO Tim Cook responds to a question during a news conference at IBM Watson headquarters in New York on April 30, 2015. Richard Drew The Associated Press i By Alexei Koseff akoseff@sacbee.com It’s all about the Benjamins, baby. Up by 30 points in California – and trying to put states into play that haven’t gone blue in decades – Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton is making another swing this week through the political ATM that is the Golden State with nary a thought to public appearances. After a stop in Los Angeles, where she visited the homes of NBA legend Magic Johnson and pop star Justin Timberlake, Clinton is in the Bay Area today for two big-dollar fundraisers with Silicon Valley elite. A “luncheon conversation” at the home of Amy Rao – CEO of the data firm Integrated Archive Systems and a longtime Clinton supporter who has given more than $550,000 to Democratic presidential and congressional candidates and party committees since 2002, according to the Center for Responsive Politics – will run donors between $2,700 and $27,000 for tickets. Then in the evening, Clinton will join Apple CEO Tim Cook for a reception with a top ticket level set at $50,000. The event also features Lisa Jackson, a former head of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency who now works as the company’s environmental director. Cook is a less prolific donor than Rao, but has given about $21,000 to federal candidates of both parties since 2008, according to the Center for Responsive Politics. He most recently hosted a fundraiser for Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan earlier this summer. WORTH REPEATING: “Thank you for droning on and on.” - Senate President Pro Tem Kevin de León, to Sen. Hannah-Beth Jackson, D-Santa Barbara, after she spent more than four minutes presenting a bill on drones DON’T STOP BELIEVIN’: Ferret lovers are nothing if not persistent. Pat Wright, founder of LegalizeFerrets.org, has been pushing for decades to lift a 1938 state ban on the slinky pet, and though his legislative efforts have ended in failure – he came closest in 2004 when Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger vetoed a legalization bill – the saga continues. First there was last year’s unsuccessful signature-gathering drive for a ballot initiative. Now Wright is hoping for a regulatory miracle. He and other supporters are petitioning the California Fish and Game Commission to change the ferret rule during its meeting, which starts today and continues tomorrow at the Lake Natoma Inn Hotel and Conference Center in Folsom. OPEN ARMS: While lawmakers and advocacy groups are still playing the legislative game, trying to pass their bills before the end of session next Wednesday, some are already looking ahead to the next challenge: getting Gov. Jerry Brown to sign them. Ahead of Women’s Equality Day on Friday, California Legislative Women’s Caucus leaders Sen. Hannah-Beth Jackson, D-Santa Barbara, and Assemblywoman Cristina Garcia, D-Bell Gardens, will deliver petitions to the governor’s office at 10 a.m. asking him to support their priority measures, including a “bill of rights” for domestic workers and expanded leave for new parents. They will be joined by the Stronger California Advocates Network, which promotes economic security for women. SEPARATE WAYS: More evidence that 2016 is the Year of Trump? Al Muratsuchi, a Democrat running to reclaim the coastal Southern California Assembly district he lost two years ago to Republican David Hadley, will hold a rally Wednesday near Trump National Golf Club in Rancho Palos Verdes to denounce the GOP standard-bearer and link him to Hadley. While Hadley has said he will not vote for Trump (or Clinton), Muratsuchi said he plans to focus on the on "policy similarities," between the assemblyman and the New York businessman. He has even created a hit website: hadleytrump.com. Joining in the noon rally at Founder's Park are Rep. Ted Lieu, D-Torrance, and Los Angeles County Democratic Party Chairman Eric Bauman. Alexei Koseff: 916-321-5236, @akoseff. Christopher Cadelago contributed to this report. Related content Capitol Alert Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 2:45 These seven people are making a difference for local black children Pause 1:59 The Sacramento Bee Book of Dreams 2016 1:02 California teachers' union protests its employer 4:41 Conjoined twins Eva and Erika have beaten the odds before. They will survive separation, mom says. 2:38 President-elect Trump shares an update on the White House transition and his policy plans 1:15 Kanye West fans rethink devotion after L.A. concert cancellation 1:10 Kanye cancels tour after abandoning shows 1:14 Kanye West rants during his Sacramento show (Warning: offensive language) 1:17 Suspect caught on camera in Tahoe food scare 0:16 Confused, angry crowd boos after Kanye West cuts Sacramento show short, lights go up Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 7 days ago Gray Davis explains how celebrity, working class woes lifted Donald Trump 2:08 7 days ago Gray Davis explains how celebrity, working class woes lifted Donald Trump 1:12 13 days ago Mark DiCamillo on how presidential polls got it wrong 1:06 14 days ago Ami Bera credits campaign volunteers for early lead over Scott Jones View more video Capitol Alert staff Amy Chance Political editor achance@sacbee.com @Amy_Chance Dan Smith Capitol bureau chief smith@sacbee.com @DanielSnowSmith Jim Miller California policy and politics Capitol Alert editor jmiller@sacbee.com @jimmiller2 Christopher Cadelago California politics ccadelago@sacbee.com @ccadelago Jeremy B. White Legislature jwhite@sacbee.com @capitolalert Alexei Koseff Legislature akoseff@sacbee.com @akoseff Taryn Luna lobbying and influence tluna@sacbee.com @tarynluna Dan Walters columnist dwalters@sacbee.com @waltersbee Capitol Alert California rejects measure that threatened water tunnels project California votes to speed up ‘broken’ death penalty system AM Alert: California’s debt ratio on the way down California’s largest state employee union announces Dec. 5 strike California special session to end without new transportation funding Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Subscribe Customer Service e-Edition News in Education (NIE) Newsletters Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ Photo Reprints Jobs at The Bee Social, Mobile & More Smartphone and Tablet Apps Mobile Alerts Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Advertising Place a Classified Ad Place a Legal Notice Place a Digital Ad Place a Newspaper Ad Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Subscribe Customer Service e-Edition News in Education (NIE) Newsletters Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ Photo Reprints Jobs at The Bee Social, Mobile & More Smartphone and Tablet Apps Mobile Alerts Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Advertising Place a Classified Ad Place a Legal Notice Place a Digital Ad Place a Newspaper Ad More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Best Buy sees H2 Sales Helped by Products like the iPhone 7 | Main | Should Apple Add a Privacy Feature to the iMac's Camera? » August 24, 2016 Germany and France Join the War on Encrypted Apps Demanding Tech Companies Comply with Court Orders   Interior Ministers of France and Germany took to the podium yesterday to lobby for a law change that would enable courts to demand that Internet companies decrypt data to help further criminal investigations – especially decrypting terrorist cells' private communications under court order. Once again Apple is being drawn into this conversation.   The Wall Street Journal report noted that "French and German intelligence services are struggling to intercept messages of Islamic State militants and other terrorists, who increasingly use chat apps like Facebook's WhatsApp, Apple Inc.'s iMessage or privacy-centric app Telegram to plan their attacks. These apps use encryption that can make it almost impossible for investigators to access a suspect's communications, even with a court order.   French Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve, speaking at a joint press conference with his German counterpart in Paris, stated that "Messages exchanged through certain apps such as Telegram must be decrypted and used as evidence by magistrates and investigators as part of legal proceedings." Cazeneuve added that new legislation could help impose "obligations on operators deemed uncooperative in the removal of illegal content or decryption of messages," as terror threats in Europe remains "very high."   In his commentary, German Interior Minister Thomas de Maizière said that "Some terrorists and criminals are ahead of us on the technology front. That's not right."   The push comes in the wake of a series of bloody terror attacks inspired and claimed by Islamic State across France and Germany. The assaults have ignited a fierce debate over whether tech companies should create 'back doors' for national security officials to access encrypted messages.   Reacting to Tuesday's announcement, Christian Borggreen, the director for Europe at the U.S.-based Computer & Communications Industry Association, warned that any move by the EU to undermine digital security would end up having the opposite effect.   Mr. Borggreen stated that "It is certainly understandable that some would respond to recent tragedies with back doors and more government access. But weakened security ultimately leaves online systems more vulnerable to all types of attacks from terrorists to hackers." For more read the full Wall Street Journal report here.   In July, Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman John McCain warned Google and Apple executives that the Committee "has subpoena power" that could compel them to testify on why their encryption systems on newer smartphones are not accessible to law enforcement operating under court orders.   At the start of the hearing, McCain noted that Tim Cook, president of Apple, declined to attend the session. "This is unacceptable," he noted of Cook's reluctance to appear, as the hearing neared its end.     The Arizona Republican, who chairs the panel, said, "There's an urgency" to finding a solution to the matter of protecting privacy while also not closing out police, prosecutors and intelligence agencies from lawfully pursuing criminals and terrorists.   At that time, McCain indicated at the hearing, that he was leaning toward passing legislation rather than establishing a commission to study the issue.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments.       Posted by Jack Purcher on August 24, 2016 at 07:35 AM in 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports | Permalink Comments The comments to this entry are closed. Search Recent Posts For Six Quarters Straight Apple's iPhone has taken 91% or more of the Smartphone Industry's Profits Cook Did the Right Thing and Congratulated Trump on his Great Victory to Open the Door for Dialog Apple's Temporary Black Friday Sales Event Website is up to Get you Pumped for Devices, Music, Photography and Games Did Microsoft make Apple Blink with the Success of Surface Tablets? Microsoft's CEO Says Yes Apple Granted 39 Patents Today Covering a One-Time Secret Patent for a Flexible, Foldable iPhone Design Sweep! Apple's iPad has Won the Last 4 Quarters as top Tablet as the Competition Piles on with new Detachables Key Component Shortages for Next-Gen Notebooks like the MacBook Pro will Push Shipments into 2017 Even in the Quickly Growing Refurbished Smartphone Market Apple's Pricing seems to be Defying Gravity Apple is Exiting the Router Business as Microsoft and D-Link work on Super Wi-Fi based on 802.11af Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Applications Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
Topics Bayh-Dole Biotechnology Capitol Hill Copyright Educational Information for Inventors Federal Circuit Federal Trade Commission Guest Contributions Interviews & Conversations Patents Patent Bar Exam Patent Eligibility Patent Litigation Patent Reform Patent Trolls Pharmaceutical Software Patents Technology & Innovation Trade Secrets Trademarks Universities US Economy USPTO US Supreme Court Inventors Applying for a Patent Basic Patent Law Confidentiality Agreements Cost of Obtaining a Patent Design Patents Do It Yourself Patents Invention to Patent 101 Patent Drafting Patent Search FAQs Patent Searching 101 Provisional Patents Patent Trolls Sample Confidentiality Agreements Software Patents When Should You do a Patent Search? Worldwide Patent Rights Tech Companies We Follow Amazon.com Apple AT&T Google General Electric Facebook HP IBM Microsoft Qualcomm Samsung Sony Texas Instruments Twitter Events Politics Candidates Hillary Clinton Bernie Sanders Donald Trump Issues Net Neutrality Patent Reform Jobs Job Submissions Job Openings About Contact Sponsors Article Submission Topics Bayh-Dole Biotechnology Capitol Hill Copyright Educational Information for Inventors Federal Circuit Federal Trade Commission Guest Contributions Interviews & Conversations Patents Patent Bar Exam Patent Eligibility Patent Litigation Patent Reform Patent Trolls Pharmaceutical Software Patents Technology & Innovation Trade Secrets Trademarks Universities US Economy USPTO US Supreme Court Inventors Applying for a Patent Basic Patent Law Confidentiality Agreements Cost of Obtaining a Patent Design Patents Do It Yourself Patents Invention to Patent 101 Patent Drafting Patent Search FAQs Patent Searching 101 Provisional Patents Patent Trolls Sample Confidentiality Agreements Software Patents When Should You do a Patent Search? Worldwide Patent Rights Tech Companies We Follow Amazon.com Apple AT&T Google General Electric Facebook HP IBM Microsoft Qualcomm Samsung Sony Texas Instruments Twitter Events Politics Candidates Hillary Clinton Bernie Sanders Donald Trump Issues Net Neutrality Patent Reform Jobs Job Submissions Job Openings Topics Bayh-Dole Biotechnology Capitol Hill Copyright Educational Information for Inventors Federal Circuit Federal Trade Commission Guest Contributions Interviews & Conversations Patents Patent Bar Exam Patent Eligibility Patent Litigation Patent Reform Patent Trolls Pharmaceutical Software Patents Technology & Innovation Trade Secrets Trademarks Universities US Economy USPTO US Supreme Court Inventors Applying for a Patent Basic Patent Law Confidentiality Agreements Cost of Obtaining a Patent Design Patents Do It Yourself Patents Invention to Patent 101 Patent Drafting Patent Search FAQs Patent Searching 101 Provisional Patents Patent Trolls Sample Confidentiality Agreements Software Patents When Should You do a Patent Search? Worldwide Patent Rights Tech Companies We Follow Amazon.com Apple AT&T Google General Electric Facebook HP IBM Microsoft Qualcomm Samsung Sony Texas Instruments Twitter Events Politics Candidates Hillary Clinton Bernie Sanders Donald Trump Issues Net Neutrality Patent Reform Jobs Job Submissions Job Openings Subscribe to our Blog via email The IoT : A Look at the IP Landscape of Fitness Wearables By Julia Elvidge & Jim Morrison & Martin Bijman August 24, 2016 0 Print Article Within the Internet of Things (IoT), The Fitness Wearables segment of the Internet of Things (IoT) is one of the markets that has demonstrated strong growth and those analysts believe will continue to grow in the short term. In the fourth quarter of 2015, the worldwide wearable device market took a big step forward primarily led by the growing popularity of fitness trackers and the Apple Watch. According to the International Data Corporation, vendors shipped a total of 78.1 million units in 2015, an increase of 171.6% over 2014. The company found that wearables can exist and are welcome in the mass market, leaving substantial room for growth in multiple areas including new vendors, form factors, applications, and uses. Their analysts forecast that in addition to tracking information like steps taken and calories burned, fitness wearables will include predictive information that suggest ways users can lead healthier lives, integrate with popular applications and social media, and embrace new form factors like clothing, footwear and eyewear. This not only will drive market growth but expand the fitness wearables patent landscape. There are several companies that share the majority of the revenue in the fitness wearable market, with  Fitbit being the worldwide leader along with Apple, Xiami, Samsung, Garmin, Nike, Sony, and Google. Figure 1, Fitbit Fitness Wearables Patent Analysis Gartner lists six companies that share the majority of the revenue in the fitness wearable market: Samsung, Nike, Garmin,  Fitbit, Sony, and Google. To create patent analysis models, the technologies of the products made by these companies were considered, characterized, and refined by applying a set of about 100 keyword phrases to the patent portfolios. These refined keywords were applied to all US patents, to determine what other companies may have patents that are applicable to these products and services. Over 300 companies were considered. The results for a selection of these companies are shown below with the six leading companies in bold and medical companies listed in red. Figure 3, Snapshot of Technology Patents and Applications in the Fitness Wearables Market Near the top of the list we find several older established companies (Samsung, Microsoft, Apple, Qualcomm, Intel and Philips) that have diversified into wearables. The top six wearables companies here range from diversifying companies like Google, Samsung, and Sony, a diverse apparel company Nike, and focused wearable companies Garmin and particularly  Fitbit. The focused wearable companies tend to be at the bottom of the list, where a larger percentage of their portfolio applies to the wearable market. Finally, the patents found for power, processor, and wireless are more about using and integrating these technologies, rather than fundamentally building them. How recent are the applications and patents found in the patent study? Figure 4, IoT Wearables Granted and Applications Patents by Publication Year Histograms of the age of these patents bear out further observations (Figure 4). Most clearly, the rate of innovation in sensor systems is growing both in terms of applications and allowed patents. Sensors are not simply a clever component that senses the environment. Increasingly today they are systems combining several sensors for different environmental aspects into a microcontroller and analog to digital converter to provide a digital output. Growth of Innovation In 2015, the wearables segment was dominated by smart watches, fitness bands, smart glasses and Bluetooth headsets. The total 2016 market for this segment is estimated to be $28.7 billion US dollars. The growth of innovation in sensor systems, and the current level of market revenue suggest that we are still a year or two away from the first licensing cycle in wearables market. Recently, we tore down 12 wearable products. We discovered socket wins for 41 companies led by Texas Instruments (41), STM (11), and Qualcomm (7). Sensor wins were led by STM, Samsung, and nine others while sensor systems were led by AKM, Texas Instruments (TI), Invensense, and four others. TI, Maxim, and 10 others led the use of power management devices, processors were led by TI, STM, and 13 others, radios were led by Nordic, Broadcom, TI, and six others and other functions were delivered by 16 different companies. The diversity of technologies, the innovations in low power and analytics and the wealth of established technology that is being repurposed for this market indicates that there will be strong licensing positions held by a wide assortment of well established companies. Companies entering the market will have to prepare for licensing by driving their rate of patent applications, purchasing patents, taking licenses or being acquired as part of a round of market consolidation.  Fitness Wearables Company Patent Portfolios The companies examined in the initial patent study fall into several groups regarding their position in the market and licensing positions. Newer companies like  Fitbit and Garmin, which are successful in the wearables market are just starting to build their portfolios. Others, like Nike and Google, are successful in other markets and have diversified into the wearables market. Using Our Patent Analytics solution powered by KMX, we visualized the patent diversity for group of these patents. Each dot represents a patent, a group of patents sharing similar keywords creates a peak, and each peak indicates the top three keywords found in patent cluster. Patent clusters that are significantly different are further apart and may be separated by white space. We developed models that separate patents into four areas based on the type of analysis required to prove the claim. Process (yellow), which refers to structure and materials, physical properties of the materials, and mechanical aspects Package (green), which includes mechanical assemblies interfacing the physical and electrical domain Circuit (blue), which refers to electronic schematics of PCB, packages, or semiconductor die, and range from transistors to common circuits like amplifiers, PLLs, converters, and digital logic System (red), which includes the operation of products, where several separated blocks are combined to deliver a feature or function, either at the electrical, data, or software levels In the following landscapes, patents applicable to wearables are painted black, and are similar to one or more of our models for sensor, sensor systems, power, process, radio, and product features. A Closer Look At  Fitbit Consider  Fitbit (Figure 5). Their portfolio is relatively new with 81 US applications, 69 recent granted patents, and eight design patents. The structure of the portfolio appears to be centered on notifications, with four branches related to the monitoring fitness and activity, geo-location, heart rate, and biometrics in a portable fashion.  As an example, the top 15 keywords among many for peak “coupon apparatus page” are shown. About 58% of the portfolio is found to be similar to our six models for wearables. This is a high percentage, suggesting that this is the primary market for  Fitbit. Most  Fitbit patents are systems related; perhaps only a handful are strongly circuit in nature. This implies that  Fitbit is an integrator, combining its own building blocks or those from other companies to create a higher value end product. Fitbit may be in a good position for licensing negotiations, as their portfolio of recent systems patents may patent high-level value features of the recent innovations marketed in this wave of wearable products. Figure 5, Fitbit Wearables Patent Landscape A Closer Look at Microsoft Microsoft’s portfolio consists of 8,696 applications, 25,677 patents, and 3,692 design patents. Their portfolio consists mostly of software patents, with about 300 patents that are circuit related that are likely related to their Xbox gaming system, which includes Kinect and handheld peripherals. About 962 Microsoft patents are similar to the six wearables models in the initial study.  These patents are painted black in the full portfolio on the bottom left of Figure 8, are widely distributed. This suggests these patents are diverse in technology and may cover a broad range of technologies in wearables products. A landscape was created of only the 962 patents found to be potentially applicable to wearables, in the right half of Figure 8. The top right area generally surrounding and above peak “image motion point” is about sensors and sensor systems, and many of the product features of Things. The left side around peak “event query search” combines sensor systems and processing. The bottom area, generally around and below peak “message activity service,” describe interactions of communication, wireless, and power. Considering that Microsoft also has a very wide range of other technologies innovations patented, they would have the best position leveraging the wearables market among all companies considered in this study. Figure 8, Microsoft Wearables Patent Landscape Conclusion The fitness wearables market is driving millions of shipments per year in silicon and devices. By 2019, IDC predicts that the worldwide wearables market will grow to around 155.7 million units. In addition to driving revenues — the fitness wearables market alone is projected to reach nearly $30 billion US dollars in 2016 as noted. The patent licensing landscape for this market is on the verge of explosive growth, especially since many of the patents used in IoT technology are nearly 20 years old. Many companies new to the IoT market may have strong and expansive portfolio positions for assertion. Even so, understanding the market players, their experience, and their patents in similar products is vital in creating a product and IP strategy that can deliver a high return in the IoT market. The Author Julia Elvidge is the President of Chipworks. Her extensive knowledge of technology products and strategic issues involving intellectual property has enabled her to provide invaluable insight and guidance to Chipworks’ customers. A widely respected expert she has been recognized as one of the world’s most foremost IP strategists by Intellectual Property Magazine (IAM). Jim Morrison is Vice President of Competitive Technical Intelligence at Chipworks. Jim leads Chipworks’ Design Teams, R&D Teams, and Product Management. Jim and his team work closely with customers around the globe, delivering technical analysis that helps them benchmark product roadmaps, reduce the time-to-market, and reduce research and development risk. The technical analysis provided by Jim’s team has been credited with helping major semiconductor and electronics companies save hundreds of millions of dollars in design while increasing revenues and market share through superior product design and faster launches. Martin Bijman is Manager Technical Services for Patent Intelligence at Chipworks, a TechInsights company. Tags:Apple, Apple Watch, FitBit, fitness wearables, garmin, Google, intel, International Data Corporation, Internet of Things, IoT, Microsoft, nike, Philips, qualcomm, samsung, sony, STM, Texas Instruments, wearable, Wearables, Xiami Posted In:Companies We Follow, Guest Contributors, IP News, IPWatchdog Articles, IPWatchdog.com Articles, Microsoft, Patents, Technology & Innovation, Wearables Warning & Disclaimer: The pages, articles and comments on IPWatchdog.com do not constitute legal advice, nor do they create any attorney-client relationship. The articles published express the personal opinion and views of the author and should not be attributed to the author’s employer, clients or the sponsors of IPWatchdog.com. Read more. Discuss this There are currently No Comments comments. Join the discussion. Post a Comment Respectfully add to the discussion. Cancel reply Name * Email * Website Notify me of followup comments via e-mail. You can also subscribe without commenting. Varsity Sponsors Advertise Here Upcoming Events Wed 30 Examining Industry 4.0: Through the lens of patents November 30 @ 3:00 pm - 3:30 pm GMT Dec 04 IPBC Asia 2016 December 4 @ 3:00 pm - December 6 @ 7:00 pm EST Dec 07 Brand Protection Greater China December 7 @ 8:00 am - 6:45 pm EST Dec 14 Where to Innovate Next in the 3D Metal Printing Powder December 14 @ 10:00 am - 11:00 am EST Apr 26 World Intellectual Property Forum April 26, 2017 @ 9:00 am - April 28, 2017 @ 6:00 pm EDT View More… Junior Varsity Sponsors Advertise Here Federal Circuit Federal Circuit slams PTAB for wrong definition of CBM patent in Unwired Planet v. Google A Guide to Software Patent Eligibility at the Federal Circuit CAFC Overturns Trademark Cancellation, Clarifies ‘Use in Commerce’ Requirement Court Reaffirms a Patent Owner’s Notice and Response Rights during Inter Partes Review Federal Circuit Affirms Anticipation Based on Converting Units of Measure; Remands for Consideration of Prior Conception How to Patent Software in a Post Alice Era CAFC vacates attorneys’ fees awarded to Justin Timberlake, Britney Spears in patent infringement case Understanding the BPCIA Litigation Pathway to Avoid Expensive, Incurable Mistakes TiVo settlement with Samsung is latest successful litigation outcome involving DVR patents Federal Circuit denies en banc rehearing, IPR proceedings can be instituted for less than all of the challenged claims Intramural Sponsors Advertise Here Patent Drafting Basics Patent Drafting for Beginners: A prelude to patent claim drafting The Inventors’ Dilemma: Drafting your own patent application when you lack funds Patent Drafting: Describing What is Unique Without Puffing 5 things inventors and startups need to know about patents Drafting Patent Applications: Writing Method Claims An Introduction to Patent Claims Patent Drawings: An Economical Way to Expand Disclosure Patent Language Difficulties: Open Mouth, Insert Foot Patent Drafting: The Use of Relative Terminology Can Be Dangerous Patent Drafting: Learning from common patent application mistakes Patent & Invention Basics Patent Drafting for Beginners: A prelude to patent claim drafting The Inventors’ Dilemma: Drafting your own patent application when you lack funds The Inventor’s Patent Dilemma: Beware the many pitfalls waiting to trip up the unwary Provisional Patent Applications the Right Way, the Wal-Mart Way Patent Drafting: Describing What is Unique Without Puffing Inventing to Solve Problems 5 things inventors and startups need to know about patents Drafting Patent Applications: Writing Method Claims Patent Drawings: An Economical Way to Expand Disclosure The Quid Pro Quo – How Bad Patents Can Harm A Startup Company Tags Apple Authors CAFC Capitol Hill Copyright David Kappos famous inventors Federal Circuit Gene Quinn Google Guest Contributor independent inventor independent inventors innovation intellectual property Internet inter partes review inventor IPR patent Patentability patentability requirements patentable subject matter patent application patent eligibility patent eligible patent infringement Patent Litigation patent office patent prosecution Patent Reform patents patent troll Patent Trolls PTAB SCOTUS Software software patent software patents technology trademark trademarks US Economy USPTO US Supreme Court Archives Archives Select Month November 2016  (67) October 2016  (100) September 2016  (85) August 2016  (87) July 2016  (82) June 2016  (94) May 2016  (83) April 2016  (81) March 2016  (88) February 2016  (73) January 2016  (83) December 2015  (73) November 2015  (71) October 2015  (66) September 2015  (67) August 2015  (74) July 2015  (58) June 2015  (56) May 2015  (51) April 2015  (64) March 2015  (73) February 2015  (63) January 2015  (61) December 2014  (63) November 2014  (47) October 2014  (53) September 2014  (48) August 2014  (42) July 2014  (46) June 2014  (46) May 2014  (52) April 2014  (52) March 2014  (55) February 2014  (41) January 2014  (48) December 2013  (45) November 2013  (39) October 2013  (40) September 2013  (40) August 2013  (34) July 2013  (46) June 2013  (62) May 2013  (46) April 2013  (52) March 2013  (60) February 2013  (58) January 2013  (77) December 2012  (57) November 2012  (53) October 2012  (56) September 2012  (36) August 2012  (42) July 2012  (49) June 2012  (44) May 2012  (36) April 2012  (38) March 2012  (44) February 2012  (33) January 2012  (34) December 2011  (28) November 2011  (33) October 2011  (36) September 2011  (39) August 2011  (30) July 2011  (33) June 2011  (36) May 2011  (41) April 2011  (45) March 2011  (40) February 2011  (40) January 2011  (42) December 2010  (31) November 2010  (41) October 2010  (35) September 2010  (33) August 2010  (34) July 2010  (34) June 2010  (38) May 2010  (31) April 2010  (31) March 2010  (40) February 2010  (34) January 2010  (30) December 2009  (43) November 2009  (33) October 2009  (44) September 2009  (37) August 2009  (35) July 2009  (37) June 2009  (36) May 2009  (35) April 2009  (34) March 2009  (32) February 2009  (22) January 2009  (34) December 2008  (26) November 2008  (25) October 2008  (8) September 2008  (14) August 2008  (6) July 2008  (3) June 2008  (5) May 2008  (5) April 2008  (12) March 2008  (4) February 2008  (14) January 2008  (11) December 2007  (4) Popular Posts Government is to blame for the skyrocketing price of EpiPens, not patents Valuing Intellectual Property in an AIA World Las Vegas NHL team files trademark applications for Silver Knights, Desert Knights and Golden Knights nicknames Commerce IG Report: Patent examiners defrauded government of millions for unworked time How NOT to Respond to an Office Action Estimating the cost for filing, obtaining and maintaining patents across the globe It is time for Judge Mayer to Step Down from the Federal Circuit Misleading PTO statistics hide a hopelessly broken PTAB USPTO ‘judgment calls’ to blame for reopening prosecution after complete Board reversal How the America Invents Act Harmed Inventors More software patent eligible, Federal Circuit says lip synchronization not abstract RIAA, UK recording industry groups file copyright suit against YouTube-mp3 In Defense of Patents: Retaining value and relevance of patents in periods of rapid innovation Trump on IP and Patent Reform: What Silicon Valley Doesn’t Understand Privacy and Security in the Age of the Driverless Car At IPWatchdog.com our focus is on the business, policy and substance of patents and other forms of intellectual property, such as copyrights and trademarks. Today IPWatchdog is recognized as one of the leading sources for news and information in the patent and innovation industries. In January 2014 we were honored to be inducted into the ABA Blawg Hall of Fame after being recognized for 3 years as the top IP blog on the Internet. © 1999 - 2016 IPWatchdog, Inc. Terms & Conditions of Use | Privacy Policy Recent Posts Turkey Patent Review 2016: U.S. Turkey Innovation Plummets James Webb Space Telescope infrared technologies allow a deeper, more thorough look into space than Hubble What is the Internet of Things and Why does it Matter? Patent Search and Drafting Becomes Next Frontier for Outsourcing IP Services LES seeks workshop proposals for 2017 Spring Meeting Subscribe to our Blog via email Connect with IPWatchdog  
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Solar Alliance Launches Referral Program Solar Alliance Launches Referral Program Posted on August 24, 2016 by Solar Alliance Energy Inc. in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer VANCOUVER, BC and SAN DIEGO, CA / ACCESSWIRE / August 24, 2016 / Solar Alliance Energy, Inc. (“Solar Alliance”) or (the “Company”) (TSX-V: SAN, OTCQB: SAENF) is pleased to announce the launch of the Solar Alliance Referral Program. Participation in the referral program is available via the Solar Alliance App in the App Store&#174; and on Google Play(TM). The Solar Alliance Referral App allows anyone to refer their contacts and receive $500 for a completed solar installation plus an extra $1,000 for every five installations, directly deposited to their account. “Within minutes you can connect friends and family with the benefits of solar energy,” said Chief Marketing Officer Myke Clark. “Referrals are at the heart of our business and this tool allows anyone to provide a referral to our exceptional customer experience and encourage others to “Join the Alliance.” A strong referral campaign also contributes to a lower customer acquisition cost which drives profitability for our Company.” Solar Alliance has installed more than 2,000 residential solar systems and this App allows customers, shareholders and those interested in solar energy to share their experience while earning a $500 referral fee plus an extra $1,000 for every five installations. The Solar Alliance Referral Program is one of several new marketing channels the Company is incorporating as part of a broader plan to increase lead generation and lower customer acquisition costs. More information on the Solar Alliance Referral Program is available on our website at solaralliance.com/referral. Jason Bak Chairman and CEO For more information: Solar Alliance Myke Clark Chief Marketing Officer +1 (604) 288-9051 info@solaralliance.com Apple and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. Google Play and the Google Play logo are trademarks of Google Inc. About Solar Alliance Energy Inc. (www.solaralliance.com) Solar Alliance is a solar sales and marketing firm focused on residential, commercial and industrial solar installations. Our mission is to encourage the transition to an independent, distributed solar market through a strong management team that combines technical, sales, marketing and financial expertise. Solar Alliance is committed to an exceptional customer experience, effective marketing campaigns and superior lead generation in order to drive sales and generate value for shareholders. Since its inception in 2003, Solar Alliance has developed over 360 megawatts of renewable energy projects and subsequently sold them to utilities or large independent power producers, and has installed more than 2,000 residential solar systems in southern California. Solar Alliance is located in Vancouver, British Columbia and San Diego, California. Statements in this news release, other than purely historical information, including statements relating to the Company’s future plans and objectives or expected results, constitute Forward-looking statements. The words “would”, “will”, “expected” and “estimated” or other similar words and phrases are intended to identify forward-looking information. Forward-looking information is subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the Company’s actual results, level of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different than those expressed or implied by such forward-looking information. Such factors include, but are not limited to: uncertainties related to the ability to raise sufficient capital, changes in economic conditions or financial markets, litigation, legislative or other judicial, regulatory and political competitive developments and technological or operational difficulties. Consequently, actual results may vary materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. “Neither TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.” SOURCE: Solar Alliance Energy, Inc. ReleaseID: 444223 Latest News Ojo Caliente Mineral Springs Resort & Spa Awarded 2016 Spafinder Wellness Travel Award for “Best Hot Springs” at this Year’s World Travel Market London The Greater Reston Chamber of Commerce Continues to Make a Difference in the Reston Community Through Ethics Day. Army Veteran and His Family Received a Mortgage-Free Home in Forest Lake Last day to get $10 calling credit on KeepCalling.com’s Facebook page 5-DAY DEADLINE: Lundin Law PC Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Seres Therapeutics, Inc. and Reminds Investors with Losses In Excess of $100,000 to Contact the Firm WINGS for Kids Grows National Influence and Programming With Grant, Honor From National Foundations IMPORTANT SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Khang &amp; Khang LLP Announces an Investigation of Fenix Parts, Inc. and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm UPCOMING DEADLINE ALERT: Khang &amp; Khang LLP Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Ferrellgas Partners LP and Reminds Investors with Losses Over $250,000 to Contact the Firm IMPORTANT EQUITY ALERT: Lundin Law PC Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation and Expanded Class Period EQUITY ALERT: Khang &amp; Khang LLP Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Adeptus Health Inc. and Extended Class Period © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Apple > iWorld > iPhone FLASH SALE: VDownloader      50% OFF! Alleged Packaging Images Suggest iPhone 6 SE Moniker GO The images are clearly sketchy and untrustworthy Aug 24, 2016 13:04 GMT  ·  By Alexandra Vaidos  ·  Share:  Apple is said to be announcing the upcoming iPhone model in a matter of weeks and since it’s the biggest announcement from the company this year, rumors on the highly anticipated device continue to pour in. The latest allegedly show a batch of images of the packaging for the upcoming smartphone and the product box seems to read iPhone 6 SE, as seen on Techtastic. This is where it gets confusing as recent rumors have shown that the name of the upcoming iPhone will be iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. This makes us wonder the reasons behind Apple’s decision to change the name of its flagship just weeks before release, as it would be an imprudent marketing and product management decision, to say the least. Although, a change in the name of an upcoming flagship would make waves in the market, we have to admit that this rumor is fake. Aside from the fact that it doesn’t make any sense and images show clear inconsistencies, leakster Steve Hemmerstoffer shut the rumor down revealing that the photos are “200% fake” and photoshopped by one of his followers weeks ago. This makes sense considering that the 6 and SE items are positioned awkwardly on the product packaging and specs that would give credibility to the photos are redacted. The next iPhone models could be announced on September 7 Apple is said to unveil the upcoming iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus on September 7 and the release date could be scheduled on September 16. This isn’t official yet, but it does show that the next iPhone will most likely come in the next few weeks. The iPhone 7 Plus is said to come with a dual-camera setup, while the rear camera on the iPhone 7 won’t be left much behind, as it will adopt some features from the previous iPhone 6s Plus, including optical image stabilization. iPhone 7 Plus is also said to come with 3GB of RAM, up to 256GB of storage and Apple A10 processor.   CHECK OUT THE GALLERY  (3 Images) #Apple#iPhone 7#iPhone 6 SE#iPhone 7 Plus#iPhone 6s Plus subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Photo Gallery (3 Images) 01 02 03 Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news iPhone 7’s Camera Will Still Be a Big Deal, Even Without Dual Lens You Can Already Pre-Order the iPhone 7 Plus, but It’ll Cost You Nearly $2,000 Apple iPhone 7 Could Launch on September 7 Apple Wanted to Launch an iPhone 7 Pro This Year but Ditched the Plan - Report Donald Trump, Tim Cook Discuss Building iPhones in the United States iPhone 8 to Feature Traditional Wireless Charging like the Samsung Galaxy S7 Lenovo Builds a New Microsoft Surface Clone and It Looks Fabulous Anonymous Hackers Want McAfee to Be Trump’s Security Adviser, Call for March HTC Desire 650 Announced, a Low Mid-End Smartphone for the Masses Glossy Black Galaxy S7 edge Leaks in Live Pictures Download Windows 10 64-bit Drivers for Acer’s Aspire TC-710 Desktop Model Intel Rolls Out Several New BIOS Versions for Its NUC Kits and Compute Sticks 3 photos    Alleged packaging of upcoming iPhone new ios apps NeuroNation: Train your brain to improve your memory and focus with NeuroNation Flipagram: Create cool videos by mixing up your photos with music Timer+: Set up dozens of timers and control them all with ease Nutshell Camera: Create some pretty cool videos with Nutshell Camera IKEA Catalogue: Check out the IKEA Catalogue for more than just furniture Complete: Complete puts a social twist to your regular to-do list/ task manager WebMD Baby: WebMD Baby offers help in how to best tend to your baby Reader comments This Link Will Crash Any iPhone Out There - Updated more on: Apple i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2016 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics TSLA AAPL Best Stocks for 2016 Trade of the Day Dependable Dividends Best ETFs More Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > Is Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) the Next Apple? Microsoft stock is becoming a hardware player By Dana Blankenhorn, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  Aug 22, 2016, 11:51 am EST     View All   Popular Posts: Why Facebook Inc (FB) Stock Is a Post-Election Casualty Buffett Bails on Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (WMT) Stock. Should You? 7 Retail Stocks to Watch for Black Friday Recent Posts: Apple Inc. (AAPL) Still Has Plenty of Tricks up Its Sleeve Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) Stock Needs This to Happen This Is Why Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Is Worth Its Valuation View All Posts Five years after the tragic death of Steve Jobs, everyone wants to talk about Tim Cook, and whether his reign at Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) has done credit to Jobs’ legacy. But that legacy is a history lesson others can learn, and Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) CEO Satya Nadella has been a willing student. Now he aims to out-do the teachers. Source: Mike Mozart Via Flickr Since Nadella became Microsoft CEO, MSFT stock is up 58%, a performance that matches that of AAPL during that time. Even after taking out the huge write-offs from Nokia in mid-2015, Nadella’s company still gets a price-to-earnings multiple that is higher than Apple stock’s multiple. Someone knows something. What is it? Is it just that Microsoft’s margins have been increasing the last few quarters, while AAPL’s margins have been going down for the last year? Or is there a more strategic argument to be made? 9 Stocks to Buy That Will Sprint Past Everything Else Here is the strategic argument. MSFT: Copying What Works Nadella was promoted as “the cloud guy” — he headed the “cloud and enterprise group” at MSFT before being named CEO, after an extensive internal and external search. And his first move, indeed, was to double down on cloud, doubling cloud computing usage in the last year, and increasing search revenue by 16%. Customers are now accustomed to buying Office as a service (Office365) and the $26.2 billion acquisition of LinkedIn Corp (NYSE:LNKD) is designed to make Microsoft a default cloud for business users. The move by MSFT to the cloud, with its $1 billion/quarter capital spending as an ante into the game, seems obvious in retrospect. The success of Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN), and the fall of PC sales, would seem to have mandated it. But not every CEO makes the right move. The history of technology is littered with the names of great companies that failed to do that. International Business Machines Inc. (NYSE:IBM) failed to do that, in time to remain a market leader. Nadella did that. Why Microsoft’s Surface Has to Rise Nadella felt moved to write-off all of MSFT’s Nokia business in July 2015,  less than two years after it was bought for $7.2 billion, and that move continues to cost Microsoft stock big-time in terms of revenue and reputation. Still, Nadella has kept one device many thought he would quickly abandon — the Surface line of PCs. Their sales were up 29% year-over-year in last year’s Christmas quarter. The Surface is now a big enough factor in the market to have its own rumor mill, much like the iPhone. The Surface Pro 4 is a bona fide hit and rumors of what may be next go all the way across the device line-up — from desktops competing with the Mac to devices like the iPhone. Thanks to Palos Panay, who was promoted to manage the device business when Nokia head Stephen Elop was let go, MSFT now has “permission to be in hardware” after years of missteps. Becoming a hardware company, copying the Apple model of designing product and paying for its mass production, is a huge risk, but also a huge opportunity. AAPL has more than double MSFT’s sales because of its huge lead in hardware. Hardware costs more than software, and controlling hardware is the key to leading in the software business. The Surface has to rise. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2016/08/microsoft-stock-msft-next-apple-aapl/. ©2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Stocks That Wall Street's Smart Money Likes Right Now 7 Feast or Famine Stocks to Buy for Thanksgiving 3 Canadian Stocks to Buy for the New European Trade Deal The 3 Best REITs to Buy Under Trump 3 High-Dividend Stocks for 2017-Plus Apple Stock Is Shrugging Off the Trump Slump Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 10 Stocks the Smart Money Likes Right Now The 3 Best REITs to Buy Under the Trump Presidency 7 Feast or Famine Stocks to Buy for Thanksgiving 3 Canadian Stocks to Buy for the New European Trade Deal 3 High-Dividend Stocks for 2017 and Beyond Most Popular Most Commented The 10 Best S&P 500 Blue-Chip Dividend Stocks to Buy Now 10 Stocks the Smart Money Likes Right Now 10 Small-Cap Stocks That Could Double in 2017 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for 2017 Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Finally Snags SolarCity — Get Ready for the Heartbreak S&P 500: Enjoy a Rare Thanksgiving Bull Feast! Time for Profit Taking on the Dow Jones Industrial Average Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Finally Snags SolarCity — Get Ready for the Heartbreak Is Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) and SolarCity Corp (SCTY) a Bankruptcy in the Making? iShares Russell 2000 Index (ETF) (IWM): Our Year-End Target Poll of the Day View and vote in our How do you think the U.S. economy will do under Donald Trump's presidency? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Kanex GoPower Watch keeps Apple Watch working all day Shane McGlaun - Aug 24, 2016 1 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Apple Watch users who take advantage of the features that the watch offers might have a hard time making it all day on a signal charge. Kanex has a new portable, cordless charger made just for the Apple Watch that has 6x the power inside than the Apple Watch has alone. The device is called the Kanex GoPower Watch and it has a magnetic charging dock that uses the same inductive charging connector that comes with the watch from Apple. The internal battery in the GoPower Watch is 4,000 mAh and has enough juice to charge the Apple Watch six times. “Life doesn’t stop just because your battery dies, but it sure can feel like it. For those with busy on-the-go lifestyles, one day of battery life often times isn’t enough,” said Andrew Truong of Kanex. “The Kanex GoPower Watch is a portable charger that frees users from being tied down to wall outlets and offers six additional days of convenient, portable power packed into a premium, slim device.” The GoPower Watch has a USB port and can be used to charge an iPhone or other USB device on the go. LED indicator lights on the side of the device gives battery and charge status levels. The charger is designed to allow the Apple Watch to lay face up so you can use the touchscreen as it charges. GoPower Watch is Apple MFi Certified and is specifically made to fit with the Apple Watch and iPhone for reliability and performance. When GoPower Watch is connected to a power source your watch charges first and then the internal battery charges. The charger is lightweight and has a durable soft-touch finish. GoPower Watch is available now for $99.95. Story Timeline Nest silently sneaks in Apple Watch support in latest update Apple Watch successor said to feature thinner 'One Glass Solution' Sinn Dual Strap wants an Apple Watch opposite a regular one SOURCE: Kanex Tags Apple WatchBatteryWearable Must Read Bits & Bytes The government wants to cripple your phone while driving The 5 best Black Friday gaming sales of 2016 The 8 best games for an SNES Classic Edition launch How a combined Tesla and SolarCity make sense Google doubles-down on WiFi as Apple eyes the exits Latest Headlines Three Madison Square Garden hack lessons to shop safe on Black Friday Nov 23, 2016 This cool Touch Bar app polishes MacBook Pro task-switching Nov 23, 2016 2016 is saved as Microsoft Solitaire hits iOS and Android Nov 23, 2016 The government wants to cripple your phone while driving Nov 23, 2016 Blizzard Black Friday 2016 sale includes Warcraft, Overwatch deals Nov 23, 2016 Latest Reviews 2016 Subaru WRX STI Review: Backroad Behemoth Nov 22, 2016 Huawei Mate 9 Review Nov 22, 2016 Lenovo YOGA 910 Review Nov 21, 2016 Review: Funlux Smart Wireless Mini CAM security camera Nov 18, 2016 GPD WIN Review: Mobile Windows 10 for gaming Nov 18, 2016 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
